item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview our business for more than a century, we have designed, built, overhauled and repaired ships primarily for the u.s. navy and the u.s. coast guard. we conduct business primarily with the u.s. government, principally the department of defense ("dod"). as prime contractor, principal subcontractor, team member, or partner, we participate in many high-priority u.s. defense technology programs. hii is organized into three reportable segments: ingalls, newport news, and other. through our ingalls segment, we are a builder of amphibious assault and expeditionary warfare ships for the u.s. navy, the sole builder of national security cutters ("nsc") for the u.s. coast guard, and one of only two companies that builds the navy's current fleet of ddg-51 arleigh burke-class destroyers. through our newport news segment, we are the nation's sole designer, builder, and refueler of nuclear-powered aircraft carriers, and one of only two companies currently designing and building nuclear-powered submarines for the u.s. navy. our other segment was established in the second quarter of 2014 to account for certain of our non-shipbuilding commercial activities.
the following discussion should be read along with the audited consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k.
business environment in august 2011, the bca reduced the dod top line budget by $487 billion from fiscal year 2012 through 2021. additionally, because congress did not identify savings to reduce the u.s. deficit by up to $1.2 trillion prior to march 1, 2013, budgetary sequestration was implemented under the bca. sequestration requires an additional reduction from fiscal year 2012 through 2021 of $500 billion for defense spending and $500 billion for non-defense discretionary spending, including the u.s. coast guard.
in december 2013, the president signed into law the bba 2013, which provided $63 billion in sequestration relief over two years, split evenly between defense and non-defense programs, and set overall discretionary spending at $1.012 trillion and $1.013 trillion for fiscal years 2014 and 2015, respectively. on november 2, 2015, the president signed into law the bba 2015, which provided $80 billion in sequestration relief over two years, split evenly between defense and non-defense programs. the bba 2015 provided sequestration relief of $50 billion and $30 billion for fiscal years 2016 and 2017, respectively, resulting in overall discretionary spending caps of $1.067 trillion and $1.070 trillion for fiscal years 2016 and 2017, respectively. sequestration remains in effect under the bca for fiscal years 2018 through 2021. enactment of the bba 2015 enabled the house and senate appropriations committees to agree upon final appropriations levels and enabled final passage and enactment of the consolidated appropriations act of 2016, which provided general spending for most of the u.s. federal government, including the dod, doe, and the department of homeland security.
the consolidated appropriations act of 2016 specifically provided funding for construction of cvn-79 john f. kennedy, advance procurement funding for cvn-80 enterprise, construction of two ssn-774 virginia-class submarines, procurement for the cvn-73 uss george washington rcoh, advance procurement for the cvn-74 uss john c. stennis rcoh, continuation of ddg-51 arleigh burke-class destroyer production, advance procurement for lha-8 (unnamed), procurement of an additional lpd-17 san antonio-class warship, advance procurement to accelerate the lxr program, rdt&e funding for the ohio replacement program, procurement of a t-ao(x) fleet oiler, and procurement of an additional nsc for the u.s. coast guard.
while the bba 2015 eliminated the implementation of sequestration reductions for fiscal years 2016 and 2017, uncertainty continues regarding the specific effects of sequestration in fiscal years 2018 through 2021, and related funding reductions that could result in the cancellation of or decreased funding for our existing programs and/or a lack of funding for future programs.
35
the impact of the continuing federal fiscal debates for fiscal year 2017 and beyond remains uncertain, and we cannot predict the impact that the sequestration cuts or other defense spending cuts may have on funding for our individual programs. long-term funding for certain programs in which we participate may be reduced, delayed, or canceled. in addition, defense spending cuts and delays could adversely affect the viability of our suppliers and subcontractors and employee base. our contracts or subcontracts under programs in which we participate may be terminated or adjusted by the u.s. government or the prime contractor as a result of lack of government funding or reductions or delays in government funding. significant reductions in the number of ships procured by the u.s. navy or significant delays in funding our ship programs would have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
the budget environment, including sequestration as currently mandated, remains a significant long-term risk. considerable uncertainty exists regarding how future budget and program decisions will develop and what challenges budget reductions will present for the defense industry. we believe continued budget pressures will have serious negative consequences for the security of our country, the defense industrial base, including us, and the customers, employees, suppliers, subcontractors, investors, and communities that rely on companies in the defense industrial base. although it is difficult to determine specific impacts, we expect that over the longer term, the budget environment may result in fewer contract awards and lower revenues, profits, and cash flows from our u.s. government contracts. congress continues to discuss various options to address sequestration in future budget planning, but we cannot predict the outcome of these efforts. it is likely budget and program decisions made in this environment will have long-term impacts on us and the entire defense industry.
defense industry overview the united states faces a complex, uncertain, and rapidly changing national security environment. the defense of the united states and its allies requires the ability to respond to constantly evolving threats, terrorist acts, regional conflicts, and cyber attacks, responses to which are increasingly dependent on early threat identification. national responses to such threats can require unilateral or cooperative initiatives that include dissuasion, deterrence, active defense, security and stability operations, and peacekeeping. we believe the u.s. government will continue to place a high priority on the protection of its engaged forces and citizenry and on minimizing collateral damage when force must be applied in pursuit of national objectives.
the united states' engagement in combating terrorism around the world, coupled with the need to modernize u.s. military forces, has driven dod funding levels since 2001. in march 2014, the dod released its report of the quadrennial defense review ("qdr"), a legislatively-mandated review of military strategy and priorities that shapes defense funding over the ensuing four years. the qdr built upon the 2012 defense strategic guidance, prioritizing three strategic pillars: defending the homeland; building security globally by projecting u.s. influence and deterring aggression; and remaining prepared to win decisively against any adversary should deterrence fail. guided by this updated defense strategy, dod plans to rebalance the military over the next decade and put it on a sustainable path to protect and advance u.s. interests and sustain u.s. global leadership.
we expect that the dod execution of its strategy will require an affordable balance between investments in current missions and investments in new capabilities to meet future challenges. the dod faces the additional challenge of recapitalizing equipment and rebuilding readiness at a time when the dod is pursuing modernization of its capabilities, while facing additional major budget cuts that began in 2013. while the bba 2015 established new budget caps and provided sequestration relief for fiscal years 2016 and 2017, it is unclear how sequestration could impact programs for 2018 and beyond. bca spending caps could have a significant impact on future spending plans for defense and non-defense discretionary programs. decreases in the proposed funding levels for our programs could negatively impact our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows, including revenues, goodwill, and long-lived assets.
in march 2015, the u.s. navy released its 2016 shipbuilding plan, which anticipates a fleet of 308 ships comprised of 12 ballistic missile submarines, 11 nuclear-powered aircraft carriers, 48 nuclear-powered attack submarines, 88 large multi-mission surface combatants, 52 small multi-role surface combatants, 34 amphibious landing ships, 29 combat logistics force ships, and 34 support vessels. the 2016 shipbuilding plan also notes that the four ssgn currently in service will retire in the mid-2020s, and the u.s. navy is exploring the possibility of inserting a quad-pack of large diameter payload tubes in block v ssn-774 virginia-class submarines to offset the loss of the ssgn strike capability. the 2016 shipbuilding plan also acknowledges that the dod will encounter several challenges in executing the plan, particularly with regard to funding new submarines to replace the ohio-class nuclear ballistic submarines. significant reductions in the number of ships procured by the u.s. navy would have a material effect
36
on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. it is anticipated that the u.s. navy will submit a shipbuilding plan to congress subsequent to submission of the fiscal year 2017 president's budget request, which will provide additional details regarding the force structure.
the shipbuilding defense industry, as characterized by its competitors, customers, suppliers, potential entrants, and substitutes, is unique in many ways. it is heavily capital and skilled labor intensive. the u.s. navy, a large single customer with many needs and requirements, dominates the industry's customer base and is served by a supplier base that has trended toward exclusive providers. smaller shipyards, however, have entered the market to build the u.s. navy's new lcs. the u.s. navy must compete with other national priorities, including other defense activities and entitlement programs, for a share of federal budget funding.
the dod continues to adjust its procurement practices, requirements criteria, and source selection methodology in an ongoing effort to reduce costs, gain efficiencies, and enhance program management and control. the most recent initiatives, included in the september 2014 bbp 3.0, are organized into eight major areas: achieve affordable programs; achieve dominant capabilities while controlling lifecycle costs; incentivize productivity in industry and government; incentivize innovation in industry and government; eliminate unproductive processes and bureaucracy; promote effective competition; improve tradecraft in acquisition of services; and improve the professionalism of the total acquisition workforce. while the impact to our business resulting from these initiatives remains uncertain, they could have a material impact on current programs, as well as new business opportunities with the dod. see risks related to our business in item 1a.
program descriptions for convenience, a brief description of certain programs discussed in this annual report on form 10-k is included in the glossary of programs.
contracts we generate most of our revenues from long-term u.s. government contracts for design, production, and support activities. government contracts typically include the following cost elements: direct material, labor and subcontracting costs, and certain indirect costs, including allowable general and administrative expenses. unless otherwise specified in a contract, costs billed to contracts with the u.s. government are treated as allowable and allocable costs under the far and cas regulations. examples of costs incurred by us that are not allowable under the far and cas regulations include certain legal costs, lobbying costs, charitable donations, interest expense, and advertising costs.
we monitor our policies and procedures with respect to our contracts on a regular basis to ensure consistent application under similar terms and conditions as well as compliance with all applicable government regulations. in addition, the dcaa routinely audits the costs we incur that are allocated to contracts with the u.s. government.
our long-term contracts typically fall into one of two broad categories:
•   flexibly-priced contracts - includes both cost-type and fixed-price incentive contracts. cost-type contracts provide for reimbursement of the contractor's allowable costs plus a fee that represents profit. cost-type contracts generally require that the contractor use its reasonable efforts to accomplish the scope of the work within some specified time and some stated dollar limitation. fixed-price incentive contracts also provide for reimbursement of the contractor's allowable costs, but are subject to a cost-share limit that affects profitability. fixed-price incentive contracts effectively become firm fixed-price contracts once the cost-share limit is reached. approximately 95%, 94% and 98% of our revenues for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, were generated from flexibly-priced contracts, including certain fixed-price incentive contracts that have exceeded their cost-share limit.
•   firm fixed-price contracts - a firm fixed-price contract is a contract in which the specified scope of work is agreed to for a price that is predetermined by bid or negotiation and not generally subject to adjustment regardless of costs incurred by the contractor. time and materials contracts, which specify a fixed hourly rate for each labor hour charged, are considered firm fixed-price contracts. approximately 5%, 6% and 2% of our revenues for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, were generated from firm fixed-price arrangements.
37
contract fees - negotiated contract fee structures for both flexibly-priced and firm fixed-price contracts include: fixed fee amounts, cost sharing arrangements to reward or penalize contractors for under or over cost target performance, respectively, positive award fees and negative penalty arrangements. profit margins may vary materially depending on the negotiated contract fee arrangements, percentage-of-completion of the contract, the achievement of performance objectives, and the stage of performance at which the right to receive fees, particularly under incentive and award fee contracts, is finally determined.
award fees - certain contracts contain award fees based on performance criteria such as cost, schedule, quality and technical performance. award fees are determined and earned based on an evaluation by the customer of our performance against such negotiated criteria. fees that we are reasonably assured of collecting and can be reasonably estimated are recorded over the performance period of the contract.
critical accounting policies, estimates, and judgments our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with gaap, which requires management to make estimates, judgments, and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes. management considers an accounting policy to be critical if it is important to our financial condition and results of operations and requires significant judgment and estimates by management in its application. the development and selection of these critical accounting policies have been determined by our management. we have reviewed our critical accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors. due to the significant judgment involved in selecting certain of the assumptions used in these areas, it is possible that different parties could choose different assumptions and reach different conclusions. we consider the policies relating to the following matters to be critical accounting policies:
•   revenue recognition;
•   purchase accounting, goodwill, and intangible assets;
•   litigation, commitments, and contingencies;
•   retirement related benefit plans; and
•   workers' compensation.
revenue recognition overview - most of our revenues are derived from long-term contracts for the production of goods and services provided to the federal government, which are accounted for in conformity with gaap for construction-type and production-type contracts and federal government contractors. we have other types of contracts, such as services and commercial arrangements, for which revenues are recognized upon delivery or as services are rendered once persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, the price is fixed or determinable, and collectibility is reasonably assured. costs related to these contracts are expensed as incurred. we classify contract revenues as product sales or service revenues depending on the predominant attributes of the relevant underlying contracts. we consider the nature of these contracts and the types of products and services provided when determining the proper accounting method for a particular contract.
percentage-of-completion accounting - we generally recognize revenues from our long-term contracts under the cost-to-cost measure of the percentage-of-completion method of accounting. the percentage-of-completion method recognizes income as work on a contract progresses. for most contracts, we calculate sales based on the percentage of costs incurred in relation to total estimated costs at completion of the contract ("eac"). for certain contracts with large up-front purchases of material, sales are calculated based on the percentage that direct labor costs incurred bear to total estimated direct labor costs at completion. for certain contracts that provide for deliveries of a substantial number of similar units, sales are accounted for using units of delivery as the basis to measure progress toward completion.
the use of the percentage-of-completion method depends on our ability to make reasonably dependable cost estimates for the design, manufacture, and delivery of our products and services. such costs are typically incurred over a period of several years, and estimation of these costs requires the use of judgment. we record sales under cost-type contracts as costs are incurred.
38
many contracts contain positive and negative profit incentives based upon performance relative to predetermined targets that may occur during or subsequent to delivery of the product. these incentives take the form of potential additional fees to be earned or penalties to be incurred. incentives and award fees that we are reasonably assured of collecting and can be reasonably estimated are recorded over the performance period of the contract. incentives and award fees that we are not reasonably assured of collecting or cannot be reasonably estimated are recorded when awarded or at such time as a reasonable estimate can be made.
at the start of each contract, we estimate an initial profit-booking rate that considers risks related to technical requirements and feasibility, schedule, and contract costs. management then performs periodic reviews of our contracts in order to evaluate technical matters, schedule, and contract costs. during the life of a contract, the profit-booking rate may increase as we are able to retire risks in connection with technical matters, schedule, and contract costs. conversely, if we are not able to retire these risks, our eac may increase, resulting in a lower profit-booking rate.
changes in estimates of contract sales, costs, and profits are recognized using the cumulative catch-up method of accounting. this method recognizes in the current period the cumulative effect of the changes in current and prior periods. hence, the effect of the changes in future periods of contract performance is recognized as if the revised estimate had been the original estimate. a significant change in an estimate on one or more contracts in a period could have a material effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations for that period.
for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, favorable and unfavorable cumulative catch-up adjustments were as follows:
year ended december 31
($ in millions)                 2015               2014                2013
gross favorable adjustments            $304                $253                $220
gross unfavorable adjustments           (65    )            (31    )           (107    )
net adjustments                        $239                $222                $113
for the year ended december 31, 2015, favorable cumulative catch-up adjustments were primarily related to risk retirement on the ssn-774 virginia-class submarine program, the legend-class nsc program, and the lpd-17 san antonio-class program, including delivered ships, the resolution of outstanding contract changes on the lha-6 america-class program and the cvn-71 uss theodore roosevelt rcoh, and contract impacts of the aon litigation settlement. during the same period, unfavorable cumulative catch-up adjustments included lower performance on cvn-78 gerald r. ford, as well as other individually insignificant adjustments.
for the year ended december 31, 2014, favorable cumulative catch-up adjustments were primarily related to risk retirement on the ssn-774 virginia-class submarine program, the legend-class nsc program, the lpd-17 san antonio-class program, including delivered lpd ships, and the construction contract for cvn-78 gerald r. ford. during the same period, none of the unfavorable cumulative catch-up adjustments were individually significant.
for the year ended december 31, 2013, favorable cumulative catch-up adjustments were primarily related to the ssn-774 virginia-class submarine program, driven by risk retirement, performance improvement, and the favorable resolution of outstanding contract changes, risk retirement on the execution contract for the cvn-71 uss theodore roosevelt rcoh, and risk retirement on the legend-class nsc program. for the same period, unfavorable cumulative catch-up adjustments were primarily related to the closing of our gulfport facility, costs and delays on lha-6 america associated with the remediation of mechanical issues identified during testing, as well as unfavorable performance on lpd-25 somerset, including costs and delays associated with repairing damage caused by underwater debris during preparation for sea trials.
cost estimation - the cost estimation process requires significant judgment and is based upon the professional knowledge and experience of our engineers, program managers, and financial professionals. factors we consider in estimating the work to be completed and ultimate contract recovery include the availability, productivity, and cost of labor, the nature and complexity of the work to be performed, the effect of change orders, the availability of materials, the effect of any delays in performance, the availability and timing of funding from the customer, and the recoverability of any claims included in the estimates to complete. a significant change in an estimate on one or more contracts in a period could have a material effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations
39
for that period, and, where such changes occur, separate disclosure is made of the nature, underlying conditions, and financial impact of the change. we update our contract cost estimates at least annually and more frequently as determined by events or circumstances. we review and assess our cost and revenue estimates for each significant contract on a quarterly basis.
we record a provision for the entire loss on a contract in the period the loss is determined when estimates of total costs to be incurred on the contract exceed estimates of total revenues to be earned. we offset loss provisions first against costs that are included in unbilled accounts receivable or inventoried costs, with any remaining amount reflected in other current liabilities.
purchase accounting, goodwill, and intangible assets goodwill - goodwill represents the purchase price paid in excess of the fair value of identifiable net tangible and intangible assets acquired in a business combination. the amount of our goodwill as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, was $956 million and $1,026 million, respectively.
tests for impairment - we perform impairment tests for goodwill as of november 30 of each year, or when evidence of potential impairment exists. when testing goodwill, we first compare the fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying value. if the fair value of the reporting unit is determined to be less than the carrying value, we perform a second step to estimate the fair value of goodwill, based in part on the fair value of the underlying operations. we record a charge to operations when we determine that the recorded amount of goodwill exceeds its fair value during this second step.
we estimate the fair value of each reporting unit using a combination of discounted cash flow analysis and market based valuation methodologies. determining fair value requires the exercise of significant judgment, including judgments about projected revenues, operating expenses, working capital investment, capital expenditures, and cash flows over a multi-year period. the discount rate applied to our forecasts of future cash flows is based on our estimated weighted average cost of capital. in assessing the reasonableness of our determined fair values, we evaluate our results against our market capitalization. changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value and/or goodwill impairment for each reporting unit.
november 30, 2015 impairment test - in connection with our annual goodwill impairment test, we tested goodwill for each of our four reporting units. as a result of our annual goodwill impairment test, we determined that the estimated fair value of each reporting unit exceeded by more than 10% its corresponding carrying value as of november 30, 2015, except for the oil and gas reporting unit in our other segment.
december 31, 2015 impairment test - while the november 30, 2015, annual impairment test did not result in an impairment, considering the limited excess fair value of goodwill over its carrying value in our oil and gas reporting unit and the continued decline in oil prices and related industry activity levels, we performed an interim assessment of goodwill as of december 31, 2015. our determination of fair value as of december 31, 2015, considered industry events that occurred in the period since our annual goodwill impairment test, as well as the updated long term outlook for this reporting unit. those events included continued deterioration in the oil and gas markets, numerous industry-wide project deferrals, and capital spending cuts announced by industry leaders. the analysis concluded the fair value of this reporting unit was less than its carrying value as of december 31, 2015, and we recorded a goodwill impairment charge of $16 million at our other segment in the fourth quarter of 2015.
may 31, 2015 impairment test - we continuously monitor industry events and changes in circumstances in the industries in which our reporting units conduct business. in consideration of the oil and gas reporting unit's sensitivity to developments within its industry, the continued decline in crude oil prices, significant reductions in its customer capital spending plans, and project delays, we concluded an interim goodwill impairment test was necessary to determine whether it was more likely than not that the fair value of our oil and gas reporting unit was still higher than its carrying value as of may 31, 2015. our assessment considered the aforementioned changes to expectations that were considered as part of our annual goodwill impairment test as of november 30, 2014. as a result of our analysis, we recorded a $59 million goodwill impairment charge at our other segment in the second quarter of 2015.
november 30, 2014 impairment test - we performed our annual goodwill impairment testing as of november 30, 2014, and determined that goodwill at our other segment was impaired by $47 million. the goodwill impairment
40
charge was primarily driven by the drop in oil prices and the resulting decrease in industry market multiples. we determined that the estimated fair value of our remaining reporting units significantly exceeded their corresponding carrying values as of november 30, 2014.
other intangible assets - we perform tests for impairment of amortizable intangible assets whenever events or circumstances suggest that amortizable intangible assets may be impaired.
december 31, 2015 impairment test -  we performed an impairment test as of december 31, 2015, on the amortizable intangible assets that arose from the upi acquisition, which reside in our oil and gas reporting unit within our other segment. the oil and gas asset group's long-lived intangible assets consist primarily of customer relationships and, to a lesser degree, trade name and developed technology. we performed our impairment test considering the latest market conditions and expectations, as well as lower anticipated revenue and profitability. based on the nature of upi's intangible assets, we performed the recoverability test at the reporting unit level. in connection with the recoverability test, we reevaluated the remaining useful lives of the intangible assets and determined the total undiscounted pretax cash flows generated by the reporting unit over the remaining useful life of the primary asset, customer relationships. the carrying amount of the reporting unit was greater than the total undiscounted pretax cash flows, and, as a result, the intangible assets were written down by $27 million, charged against cost of sales and service revenues within income from operations at our other segment.
litigation, commitments and contingencies overview - we are subject to a range of claims, lawsuits, environmental and income tax matters, and administrative proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. estimating liabilities and costs associated with these matters requires judgment and assessment based upon professional knowledge and the experience of management and our internal and external legal counsel. in accordance with our practices relating to accounting for contingencies, we record amounts as charges to earnings when we determine, after taking into consideration the facts and circumstances of each matter, including any settlement offers, that it is probable a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. the ultimate resolution of any such exposure may vary from earlier estimates as further facts and circumstances become known.
environmental accruals - we are subject to the environmental laws and regulations of the jurisdictions in which we conduct operations. we record a liability for the costs of expected environmental remediation obligations when we determine that it is probable we will incur such costs and the amount of the liability can be reasonably estimated. when a range of costs is possible and no amount within that range is a better estimate than another, we record the minimum amount of the range.
factors that could result in changes to the assessment of probability, range of estimated costs, and environmental accruals include: modification of planned remedial actions, increase or decrease in the estimated time required to remediate, discovery of more extensive contamination than anticipated, results of efforts to involve other legally responsible parties, financial insolvency of other responsible parties, changes in laws and regulations or contractual obligations affecting remediation requirements, and improvements in remediation technology. although we cannot predict whether new information gained as remediation projects progress will materially affect the accrued liability, we do not believe that future remediation expenditures will have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
asset retirement obligations - we record all known asset retirement obligations for which the liability's fair value can be reasonably estimated, including certain asbestos removal, asset decommissioning, and contractual lease restoration obligations. recorded amounts as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, were $18 million and $22 million, respectively, and consist primarily of obligations associated with the wind down of shipbuilding operations at our avondale facility. see note 2: summary of significant accounting policies in item 8.
we also have known conditional asset retirement obligations related to assets currently in use, such as certain asbestos remediation and asset decommissioning activities to be performed in the future, that were not reasonably estimable as of december 31, 2015, due to insufficient information about the timing and method of settlement of the obligation. accordingly, the fair value of these obligations has not been recorded in the consolidated financial statements. environmental remediation and/or asset decommissioning of these facilities may be required when we cease to utilize these facilities. in addition, there may be conditional environmental asset retirement obligations that we have not yet discovered (for example, asbestos of which we have not become aware through normal business
41
operations may exist in certain buildings), and these obligations have, therefore, not been included in our consolidated financial statements.
litigation accruals - litigation accruals are recorded as charges to earnings when management has determined, after taking into consideration the facts and circumstances of each matter, including any settlement offers, that it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. the ultimate resolution of any exposure may vary from earlier estimates as further facts and circumstances become known. based upon the information available, we believe that the resolution of any of these various claims and legal proceedings will not have a material effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
uncertain tax positions - uncertain tax positions meeting the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, based on the merits of the position, are recognized in the financial statements. we recognize the amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related tax authority. if a tax position does not meet the minimum statutory threshold to avoid payment of penalties, we recognize an expense for the amount of the penalty in the period the tax position is claimed or expected to be claimed in our tax return. penalties and accrued interest related to uncertain tax positions are recognized as a component of income tax expense. see note 13: income taxes in item 8. changes in accruals associated with uncertain tax positions are recorded in earnings in the period they are determined.
retirement related benefit plans we recognize, on a plan-by-plan basis, the funded status of our retirement related benefit plans as an asset or liability on our balance sheet, with corresponding adjustments to after-tax accumulated other comprehensive income, and deferred tax assets or liabilities. the funded status represents the difference between the benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets. see note 18: employee pension and other postretirement benefits in item 8.
we calculate our retirement related benefit plan costs under both cas and u.s. gaap financial accounting standards ("fas"). the calculations under cas and fas require significant judgment. cas prescribes the determination, allocation, and recovery of retirement related benefit plan costs on u.s. government contracts through the pricing of products and services. fas outlines the methodology used to determine retirement related benefit plan expense or income, as well as the liability, for financial reporting purposes. the cas requirements for these costs and their calculation methodologies differ from fas. as a result, while both cas and fas use assumptions in their calculation methodologies, each method results in different calculated amounts of retirement related benefit plan costs.
retirement related benefit plan costs are allocated to our u.s. government contracts as allowable costs based upon cas. we recover our cas costs through the pricing of products and services on u.s. government contracts so that the cas cost is recognized in segment product sales and service revenues and in the costs of those product sales and service revenues. in order to present our consolidated financial statements in accordance with fas, we record the difference between our fas expense and cas cost ("fas/cas adjustment") as operating income (loss) within general and administrative expenses. for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, our cas costs in excess of fas expenses were $104 million and $72 million, respectively, and for the year ended december 31, 2013, our fas expense exceeded our cas costs by $61 million.
the minimum funding requirements for our qualified pension plans are determined under the employee retirement income security act of 1974 ("erisa"), which is primarily based on the year's expected service cost and amortization of other previously unfunded liabilities. effective january 1, 2011, we were subject to the funding requirements under the pension protection act of 2006 ("ppa"), which amended erisa. under the ppa, we are required to fully fund our pension plans over a rolling seven-year period as determined annually based upon the funded status at the beginning of each year. ppa also introduced a variety of benefit restrictions that apply if a plan falls below different funded percentages, as defined by the internal revenue code. in funding our plans, we consider various factors, including the minimum funding requirements, maintaining the funded status needed to avoid potential benefit restrictions and other adverse consequences, maintaining minimum cas funding requirements, and the current and anticipated funding levels of each plan.
during 2012, the moving ahead for progress in the 21st century act ("map-21") was enacted. map-21 included provisions for potential pension relief to plan sponsors in the form of higher interest rate assumptions that were
42
used to determine minimum funding requirements. the relief derived from these provisions was to be phased out to lower levels over the next few years. the enactment of the highway and transportation funding act ("hatfa") in 2014 and bba 2015 successively provided for the continuation of higher interest rate assumptions used to determine minimum funding requirements and extended the pension relief phase-out period. we consider the effects of legislation such as map-21, hatfa, and bba 2015 in the context of current year and future projected funded status levels in deciding on the level of contributions to make to our plans each year.
due to the differences in requirements and calculation methodologies between fas and cas, our fas pension expense is not necessarily indicative of the funding requirements under ppa or the amounts we recover from the u.s. government under cas.
when ppa was enacted, it was anticipated that the amounts required to be funded would exceed government contractors' recovery of those costs under cas. to remedy this cash flow misalignment, on december 27, 2011, the u.s. cost accounting standards board issued its final cas harmonization rule ("harmonization"). harmonization is intended to improve the alignment of the pension cost recovered through contract pricing under cas and the pension funding requirements under the ppa. harmonization became effective for forward pricing purposes for contracts negotiated on or after february 27, 2012. under harmonization, only contracts entered into before the effective date qualify for an equitable adjustment. price proposals for cas covered contracts awarded on or after the effective date of february 27, 2012, reflect the effects of the rule. harmonization affects pension costs on contracts over a phase-in period ending in 2017. our cas pension cost recoveries are expected to remain unaffected by the pension relief provisions offered under map-21, hatfa, and bba 2015 because of the method permitted under harmonization we use to determine the cas interest rate, which is a current market rate.
assumptions - we account for our retirement related benefit plans on the accrual basis under fas. the measurements of obligations, costs, assets, and liabilities require significant judgment. we annually review our assumptions, which are set at each year end and are generally not changed during the following year unless there is a major plan event, such as an amendment, curtailment, or settlement that would trigger a remeasurement. the key assumptions in these measurements are the interest rate used to discount future benefit payments and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets.
discount rate - the assumed discount rate under fas is used to determine the retirement related benefit plan obligations and expense, and represents the hypothetical rate at which the plans' benefit obligations could be effectively settled at the measurement date. consequently, the discount rate can be volatile from year to year. the discount rate assumption is determined for each plan by constructing a hypothetical portfolio of high quality bonds with cash flows that match the estimated outflows for future benefit payments to determine a single equivalent discount rate. benefit payments are not only contingent on the terms of a plan, but also on the underlying participant demographics, including current age and assumed mortality. we use only bonds that are denominated in u.s. dollars, are rated aa or better by nationally recognized statistical rating agencies, have a minimum outstanding issue of $100 million as of the measurement date, and are not callable, convertible, or index-linked.
taking into consideration the factors noted above, our weighted average discount rate for pensions was 4.73% and 4.34% as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. our weighted average discount rate for other postretirement benefits was 4.58% and 4.22% as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
expected long-term rate of return - the expected long-term rate of return on assets is used to calculate net periodic expense, and is based on such factors as historical returns, targeted asset allocations, investment policy, duration, expected future long-term performance of individual asset classes, interest rates, inflation, portfolio volatility, investment management and administrative fees, and risk management strategies. historical plan asset performance alone has inherent limitations in predicting future returns. while studies are helpful in understanding past and current trends and performance, the assumption is based more on long-term prospective views to avoid short-term market influences. unless plan assets and benefit obligations are subject to remeasurement during the year, the expected return on pension assets is based on the fair value of plan assets at the beginning of the year. we used a 7.50% expected long-term rate of return assumption to record 2015 and 2014 pension expense. we will continue to use this 7.50% assumption for recording 2016 fas pension expense.
mortality - mortality assumptions are used to determine the retirement related benefit obligations and expense, and represent the likelihood and duration of benefit payments to plan participants based on historical experience and projected longevity. as of december 31, 2014, we updated our mortality assumptions to reflect our recent mortality experience and the anticipated effects of future mortality improvements. the effect of the changes in the mortality
43
assumptions increased our december 31, 2014, pension related benefit obligations by approximately $54 million or 1%. the impact on other postretirement benefits was not material. the increase was treated as an actuarial loss and subject to amortization in future periods as described below. we reflected updated mortality assumptions in our cas costs. if the irs publishes updated mortality tables for funding purposes, our pension contributions could be affected.
differences arising from actual experience or changes in assumptions might materially affect retirement related benefit plan obligations and the funded status. actuarial gains and losses arising from differences from actual experience or changes in assumptions are deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income. this unrecognized amount is amortized as a component of net expense to the extent it exceeds 10% of the greater of the plan's benefit obligation or plan assets. the amortization period for actuarial gains and losses is the estimated average remaining service life of the plan participants. in 2015, the actual return on assets was approximately negative 1.00%, which was less than the expected return assumption of 7.50%. for the year ended december 31, 2015, the weighted average discount rates for our pension and other postretirement benefit plans increased by 39 and 36 basis points, respectively. these differences in asset returns and discount rates resulted in an actuarial loss of $398 million and an actuarial gain of $363 million, respectively, as of december 31, 2015.
an increase or decrease of 25 basis points in the discount rate and the expected long-term rate of return assumptions would have had the following approximate impacts on pensions:
($ in millions)          increase (decrease) in 2016 expense        increase (decrease) in december 31, 2015 obligations
25 basis point decrease in discount rate                            $19                                                  $213
25 basis point increase in discount rate                            (19             )                                    (201                   )
25 basis point decrease in expected return on assets   12
25 basis point increase in expected return on assets                            (12             )
assuming a 7.50% expected return on asset assumption, a $50 million pension contribution is generally expected to favorably impact the current year expected return on assets by approximately $2 million, depending on the timing of the contribution.
sensitivities to assumptions are not necessarily linear and are specific to the time periods noted.
cas cost - in addition to providing the methodology for calculating retirement related benefit plan costs, cas also prescribes the method for assigning those costs to specific periods. while the ultimate liability for such costs under fas and cas is similar, the pattern of cost recognition is different. the key drivers of cas pension cost include the funded status and the method used to calculate cas reimbursement for each of our plans. a plan's cas pension cost can only be allocated until the plan is fully funded as defined under the cas requirements.
through 2013, cas required the pension discount rate to be consistent with the expected long-term rate of return on assets assumption, which changed infrequently given its long-term nature. as a result, short-term changes in bond or other interest rates generally did not impact cas costs. under harmonization the liability used to determine cas cost is developed by comparing the liability under the previous cas methodology and assumptions to a liability based on a discount rate derived from yields on high quality bonds. when harmonization is fully phased in, the greater of the two liabilities will be used for cas cost calculations. generally, liabilities based on a discount rate of high quality bonds will be higher than liabilities calculated prior to harmonization. the four year phase in period that commenced in 2014 requires the use of a blend of the pre and post harmonization liabilities.
other fas and cas pension considerations - a key driver of the difference between fas expense and cas cost (and consequently the fas/cas adjustment) is the pattern of earnings and expense recognition for actuarial gains and losses that arise when our asset and liability experiences differ from our assumptions under each set of requirements. under fas, our net actuarial gains and losses exceeding the 10% corridor are amortized over the employee's average future service life of approximately 12 years. under cas, actuarial gains and losses were amortized over a 15-year period without regard to a corridor approach. under harmonization, the amortization period for cas changed to 10 years for actuarial gains and losses beginning in 2013. both fas and cas use a "market-related value" of plan assets approach to calculate the amount of deferred asset gains or losses to be amortized. under cas actual asset gains and losses are systematically smoothed over five years, subject to certain
44
limitations. for fas, we do not use this smoothing method, and instead use fair value in determining our fas expense. accordingly, fas expense generally reflects recent asset gains and losses faster than cas.
additionally, cas cost is only recognized for plans that are not fully funded as defined under cas. if a plan becomes or ceases to be fully funded due to our asset or liability experience, our cas cost will change accordingly.
the fas/cas adjustment in 2015 was a net benefit of $104 million, compared to a net benefit of $72 million in 2014. the favorable change was driven by the phase-in of harmonization and better than expected 2014 asset returns, partially offset by higher fas expense primarily due to lower discount rates at the end of 2014. the fas/cas adjustment in 2013 was a net expense of $61 million. the favorable change from 2013 to 2014 was driven by lower fas expense primarily due to higher discount rates and plan assets at the end of 2013, the full year effect of the 2013 postretirement benefits amendment, and the phase-in of harmonization. our projected 2016 fas/cas adjustment is discussed in consolidated operating results - operating income.
retirement plan assets - retirement plan assets are stated at fair value. investments in equity securities (common and preferred) are valued at the last reported sales price when an active market exists. investments in fixed-income securities are generally valued based on market transactions for comparable securities and various relationships between securities that are generally recognized by institutional traders. investments in hedge funds, real estate investment funds, collective trust funds, and commingled funds are generally valued at their net asset values ("nav") or equivalent, which are based on the current fair value of the fund's underlying assets.
management reviews independently appraised values, audited financial statements, and additional pricing information to evaluate the nav or its equivalent. for the very limited group of investments for which market quotations are not readily available or for which the above valuation procedures are deemed not to reflect fair value, additional information is obtained from the investment manager and evaluated internally to determine whether any adjustments are required to reflect fair value. see note 18: employee pension and other postretirement benefits, in item 8.
accumulated other comprehensive income - changes in assumptions and changes to plan assets and benefit obligations due to differences between actuarial assumptions and actual results are reported as actuarial gains and losses and recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income along with unrecognized prior service costs arising from plan amendments. as disclosed in note 18: employee pension and other postretirement benefits in item 8, net pre-tax unrecognized actuarial losses as of december 31, 2015 and 2014 were $1,412 million and $1,447 million, respectively. the decrease in these actuarial losses in 2015 was primarily driven by an increase in the discount rates used to determine benefit obligations, which accounted for $363 million, offset by 2015 actual asset returns being less than expected by $398 million, partially offset by $88 million of amortization of previously unrecognized actuarial losses.
net pre-tax unrecognized prior service costs (credits) as of december 31, 2015 and 2014 were $(19) million and $(20) million, respectively. these net deferred costs (credits) primarily originated from plan amendments, including those resulting from collective bargaining agreements. the decrease in unrecognized prior service costs (credits) in 2015 primarily resulted from amortization of previously accumulated prior service costs (credits).
workers' compensation our operations are subject to federal and state workers' compensation laws. we maintain self-insured workers' compensation plans, in addition to participating in federally administered second injury workers' compensation funds. we estimate the required liability for such claims and funding requirements on a discounted basis utilizing actuarial methods based on various assumptions, which include our historical loss experience and projected loss development factors. we periodically, and at least annually, update our assumptions based on an actuarial analysis. related self-insurance accruals include the liability for reported claims and an estimated accrual for claims incurred but not reported. our workers' compensation liability was discounted at 2.12% and 2.48% as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, based on future payment streams and a risk-free rate. we estimate a 100 basis points increase or decrease in the discount rate would change our workers' compensation liability by $(48) million and $57 million, respectively. the workers' compensation benefit obligation on an undiscounted basis was $825 million and $846 million as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
45
accounting standards updates see note 3: accounting standards updates in item 8 for information related to accounting standards updates.
consolidated operating results selected financial highlights are presented in the following table:
year ended december 31                       2015 over 2014                      2014 over 2013
($ in millions)                                               2015                  2014                  2013            dollars           percent            dollars          percent sales and service revenues                             $7,020                $6,957                $6,820                $63                1     %          $137               2     %
cost of product sales and service revenues              5,517                 5,540                 5,583                (23    )           -     %           (43    )         (1    )%
income (loss) from operating investments, net              10                    11                    14                 (1    )          (9    )%            (3    )        (21    )%
general and administrative expenses                       669                   726                   739                (57    )          (8    )%           (13    )         (2    )%
goodwill impairment                                        75                    47                     -                 28               60     %            47               -     %
operating income (loss)                                   769                   655                   512                114               17     %           143              28     %
interest expense                                          137                   149                   118                (12    )          (8    )%            31              26     %
other income                                                -                     1                     -                 (1    )        (100    )%             1               -     %
federal and foreign income taxes                          228                   169                   133                 59               35     %            36              27     %
net earnings (loss)                                      $404                  $338                  $261                $66               20     %           $77              30     %
operating performance assessment and reporting we manage and assess the performance of our business based on our performance on individual contracts and programs using the financial measures referred to below, with consideration given to the critical accounting policies, estimates, and judgments referred to in this section. our portfolio of long-term contracts is largely flexibly-priced. therefore, sales tend to fluctuate in concert with costs across our large portfolio of active contracts, with operating income being a critical measure of operating performance. under far rules that govern our business with the u.s. government, most types of costs are allowable, and we do not focus on individual cost groupings, such as cost of sales or general and administrative expenses, as much as we do on total contract costs, which are a key factor in determining contract operating income. as a result, in evaluating our operating performance, we look primarily at changes in sales and service revenues, as well as operating income, including the effects of significant changes in operating income as a result of changes in contract estimates and the use of the cumulative catch-up method of accounting in accordance with gaap. this approach is consistent with the long-term life cycle of our contracts, as management assesses the bidding of each contract by focusing on net sales and operating profit and monitors performance in a similar manner through contract completion. consequently, our discussion of business segment performance focuses on net sales and operating profit, consistent with our approach for managing our business.
cost of sales for both product sales and service revenues consist of materials, labor and subcontracting costs, as well as an allocation of indirect costs for overhead. we manage the type and amount of costs at the contract level, which is the basis for estimating our total costs at completion of our contracts. unusual fluctuations in operating performance driven by changes in a specific cost element across multiple contracts are described in our analysis.
sales and service revenues sales and service revenues consisted of the following:
year ended december 31                      2015 over 2014                      2014 over 2013
($ in millions)              2015                 2014                  2013                           dollars          percent            dollars          percent product sales                       $5,665                $5,712                $5,801               $(47    )         (1    )%          $(89    )         (2    )%
service revenues                     1,355                 1,245                 1,019        110                       9     %   226                      22     %
sales and service revenues          $7,020                $6,957                $6,820                $63               1     %          $137               2     %
46
2015 - product sales in 2015 decreased $47 million, or 1%, from 2014. product sales at our ingalls segment decreased $115 million in 2015, primarily due to lower volumes in amphibious assault ships and the legend-class nsc program, partially offset by higher volumes in surface combatants. newport news product sales increased $68 million in 2015, as a result of higher volumes in submarines and energy, partially offset by lower volumes in aircraft carriers.
service revenues in 2015 increased $110 million, or 9%, from 2014. service revenues at our ingalls segment increased $17 million in 2015, as a result of higher volumes in surface combatants services. service revenues at our newport news segment increased $96 million in 2015, primarily driven by higher volumes in fleet support services, partially offset by lower volumes in energy services. service revenues at our other segment decreased $3 million in 2015, primarily due to lower volumes in oil and gas services.
2014 - product sales in 2014 decreased $89 million, or 2%, from 2013. product sales at our ingalls segment decreased $139 million in 2014, primarily due to lower volumes in amphibious assault ships, partially offset by higher volumes in the legend-class nsc program and surface combatants. newport news product sales increased $50 million in 2014, as a result of higher volumes in submarines and energy, partially offset by lower volumes in aircraft carriers.
service revenues in 2014 increased $226 million, or 22%, from 2013. service revenues at our ingalls segment decreased $15 million in 2014, as a result of lower volumes in amphibious assault ships and surface combatants services. service revenues at our newport news segment increased $104 million in 2014, primarily as a result of the acquisition of sn3, as well as higher volumes in aircraft carriers services, partially offset by lower volumes in fleet support services. service revenues at our other segment were $137 million in 2014, primarily due to the acquisition of upi.
cost of sales and service revenues cost of product sales, cost of service revenues, income from operating investments, net, and general and administrative expenses were as follows:
year ended december 31       2015 over 2014                      2014 over 2013
($ in millions)                                               2015                  2014                  2013       dollars               percent       dollars               percent cost of product sales                                  $4,319                $4,489                $4,695            $(170     )          (4   )%        $(206     )          (4   )%
% of product sales                                       76.2    %             78.6    %             80.9    %       -                                   -
cost of service revenues                                1,198                 1,051                   888                147              14   %             163              18   %
% of service revenues                                    88.4    %             84.4    %             87.1    %       -                                   -
income (loss) from operating investments, net              10                    11                    14            (1        )          (9   )%        (3        )         (21   )%
general and administrative expenses                       669                   726                   739            (57       )          (8   )%        (13       )          (2   )%
% of total sales and service revenues                     9.5    %             10.4    %             10.8    %       -                                   -
goodwill impairment                                        75                    47                     -                 28              60   %              47               -   %
cost of sales and service revenues                     $6,251                $6,302                $6,308            $(51      )          (1   )%        $(6       )           -   %
cost of product sales
2015 - cost of product sales in 2015 decreased $170 million, or 4%, compared to 2014. cost of product sales at our ingalls segment decreased $225 million in 2015, primarily due to the settlement of the aon litigation and the lower sales volumes described above. cost of product sales at our newport news segment increased $55 million in 2015, primarily due to the higher sales volumes described above and year-to-year variances in contract mix. cost of product sales as a percentage of product sales declined from 78.6% in 2014 to 76.2% in 2015, primarily driven by the settlement of the aon litigation, higher performance in amphibious assault ships, and year-to-year variances in contract mix, partially offset by lower performance in aircraft carriers.
2014 - cost of product sales in 2014 decreased $206 million, or 4%, compared to 2013. cost of product sales at our ingalls segment decreased $236 million in 2014, primarily due to performance improvement on the lpd-17 san antonio-class program and the lower sales volumes described above. cost of product sales at our newport news segment increased $30 million in 2014, primarily due to higher sales volumes described above and year-to-year
47
variances in contract mix. cost of product sales as a percentage of product sales declined from 80.9% in 2013 to 78.6% in 2014, primarily driven by performance improvement on the lpd-17 san antonio-class program and risk retirement on the legend-class nsc program.
cost of service revenues
2015 - cost of service revenues in 2015 increased $147 million, or 14%, compared to 2014. cost of service revenues at our ingalls segment increased $15 million in 2015, primarily as a result of the higher sales volumes described above. cost of service revenues at our newport news segment increased $98 million in 2015, primarily as a result of the higher sales volumes described above. cost of service revenues at our other segment increased $34 million in 2015, primarily as a result of an intangible asset impairment. cost of service revenues as a percentage of service revenues increased from 84.4% in 2014 to 88.4% in 2015, primarily driven by the intangible asset impairment at the other segment, year-to-year variances in contract mix, and lower performance in aircraft carriers and oil and gas services.
2014 - cost of service revenues in 2014 increased $163 million, or 18%, compared to 2013. cost of service revenues at our ingalls segment decreased $20 million in 2014, consistent with the volume changes described above. cost of service revenues at our newport news segment increased $61 million in 2014, primarily as a result of the higher volumes described above, partially offset by the impact of a change in our contract mix following the acquisition of sn3. cost of service revenues at our other segment were $122 million in 2014, primarily resulting from the acquisition of upi. cost of service revenues as a percentage of service revenues increased from 87.1% in 2013 to 84.4% in 2014, due to year-to-year variances in contract mix primarily resulting from the acquisition of sn3.
income (loss) from operating investments, net the activities of our operating investments are closely aligned with the operations of the segments holding the investments. we therefore record income related to earnings from equity method investments in our operating income.
2015 - income from operating investments, net decreased $1 million, or 9%, to $10 million in 2015 from $11 million in 2014. the decrease resulted from lower equity income from our savannah river nuclear solutions, llc investment.
2014 - income from operating investments, net decreased $3 million, or 21%, to $11 million in 2014 from $14 million in 2013. the decrease resulted from lower equity income from our savannah river nuclear solutions, llc investment.
general and administrative expenses in accordance with industry practice and the regulations that govern the cost accounting requirements for government contracts, most general and administrative expenses are considered allowable and allocable costs on government contracts. these costs are allocated to contracts in progress on a systematic basis and contract performance factors include this cost component as an element of cost.
2015 - general and administrative expenses in 2015 decreased $57 million, or 8%, compared to 2014. this decrease was primarily the result of a favorable change in the fas/cas adjustment and lower overhead costs, offset by the inclusion of upi and higher state tax expense.
2014 - general and administrative expenses in 2014 decreased $13 million, or 2%, compared to 2013. this decrease was primarily the result of a favorable change in the fas/cas adjustment, partially offset by increases resulting from the amortization of avondale restructuring costs, the inclusion of upi and sn3, and higher state tax expense.
impairment of goodwill as discussed above in critical accounting policies, estimates and judgments, we perform impairment tests for goodwill as of november 30 each year, or when evidence of potential impairment exists. we record a charge to operations when we determine that an impairment has occurred.
48
2015 - we recorded goodwill impairment charges in 2015 of $75 million in our other segment. see note 12: goodwill and other purchased intangible assets in item 8.
2014 - we recorded a goodwill impairment charge in 2014 of $47 million in our other segment. see note 12: goodwill and other purchased intangible assets in item 8.
2013 - we did not record any goodwill impairment charge during 2013.
operating income we consider operating income to be an important measure for evaluating our operating performance, and, as is typical in the industry, we define operating income as revenues less the related cost of producing the revenues and general and administrative expenses.
we internally manage our operations by reference to "segment operating income," which is defined as operating income before the fas/cas adjustment and deferred state income taxes, neither of which affects segment performance. segment operating income is not a recognized measure under gaap.  when analyzing our operating performance, investors should use segment operating income in addition to, and not as an alternative for, total operating income or any other performance measure presented in accordance with gaap. it is a metric that we use to evaluate our core operating performance.  we believe that segment operating income reflects an additional way of viewing aspects of our operations that, when viewed with our gaap results, provides a more complete understanding of factors and trends affecting our business. we believe the measure is used by investors and is a useful indicator to measure our performance. because not all companies use identical calculations, our presentation of segment operating income may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies.
the following table reconciles segment operating income to total operating income:
year ended december 31                     2015 over 2014                       2014 over 2013
($ in millions)                               2015                2014                2013           dollars          percent            dollars           percent segment operating income (loss)          $667                $585                $567               $82              14     %           $18                3     %
fas/cas adjustment                        104                  72                 (61    )   32                      44     %   133                      218     %
deferred state income taxes                (2    )             (2    )              6                 -               -     %            (8    )        (133    )%
total operating income (loss)            $769                $655                $512              $114              17     %          $143               28     %
segment operating income
2015 - segment operating income in 2015 was $667 million, compared to $585 million in 2014. the increase was primarily due to the settlement of the aon litigation, higher performance and volumes in submarines, and higher performance on amphibious assault ships, partially offset by the goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges in the other segment and lower performance on aircraft carriers.
2014 - segment operating income in 2014 was $585 million, compared to $567 million in 2013. the increase was primarily due to performance improvement and risk retirement on the lpd-17 san antonio-class program and the legend-class nsc program, as well as the unfavorable impact in the prior year of the gulfport facility closure, partially offset by the goodwill impairment charge described above and the favorable impact in the prior year of hurricane insurance recoveries.
activity within each segment is discussed in segment operating results below.
49
fas/cas adjustment the fas/cas adjustment represents the difference between our pension and postretirement plan expense under fas and under cas.
year ended december 31                     2015 over 2014                     2014 over 2013
($ in millions)                  2015                2014                2013           dollars          percent           dollars          percent fas expense                $(168    )          $(155    )        $(257     )          $(13    )         (8    )%         $102              40     %
cas cost                     272                 227                 196        45                      20     %   31                      16     %
fas/cas adjustment          $104                 $72             $(61      )           $32              44     %         $133             218     %
2015 - the fas/cas adjustment in 2015 was a net benefit of $104 million, compared to a net benefit of $72 million in 2014. the favorable change was driven by the phase-in of harmonization and better than expected 2014 asset returns, partially offset by higher fas expense primarily due to lower discount rates at the end of 2014.
2014 - the fas/cas adjustment in 2014 was a net benefit of $72 million, compared to a net expense of $61 million in 2013. the favorable change was driven by lower fas expense, due primarily to higher discount rates and plan assets at the end of 2013, the full year effect of the 2013 postretirement benefits amendment, and the phase-in of harmonization.
we expect the fas/cas adjustment in 2016 to be a net benefit of approximately $137 million ($161 million fas and $298 million cas), primarily driven by the continued phase-in of harmonization and higher fas discount rates, partially offset by lower than expected 2015 asset returns. the expected fas/cas adjustment is subject to change during 2016, when we remeasure our actuarial estimate of the unfunded benefit obligation for cas with updated census data and other items.
deferred state income taxes deferred state income taxes reflect the change in deferred state tax assets and liabilities in the relevant period. these amounts are recorded within operating income, while the current period state income tax expense is charged to contract costs and included in cost of sales and service revenues in segment operating income.
2015 - the deferred state income tax expense remained constant at $2 million in 2015 and 2014. deferred state tax expense in 2015 was primarily attributable to changes in the timing of contract taxable income and pension related adjustments, partially offset by a reduction in the valuation allowance for state tax credit carryforwards.
2014 - the deferred state income tax expense in 2014 was $2 million, compared to a benefit of $6 million in 2013. this change was primarily attributable to non-recurring adjustments related to establishing a valuation allowance for a state tax loss carryforward and the true-up of 2013 deferred taxes. these increases were partially offset by changes in the timing of contract taxable income and reserves that are not currently deductible for tax purposes.
interest expense
2015 - interest expense in 2015 was $137 million, compared to $149 million in 2014. the decrease was primarily a result of refinancing 6.875% senior notes with 5.000% senior notes and repayment in full of the term loans, partially offset by loss on early extinguishment of debt. see note 14: debt in item 8.
2014 - interest expense in 2014 was $149 million, compared to $118 million in 2013. the increase was primarily a result of a loss on the early extinguishment of debt in the fourth quarter of 2014. see note 14: debt in item 8.
federal income taxes
2015 - our effective tax rate on earnings from continuing operations was 36.1% in 2015, compared to 33.3% in 2014. the increase in our effective tax rate for 2015 was primarily attributable to adjustments to the domestic manufacturing deduction and an increase in the goodwill impairment that is not amortizable for tax purposes.
50
2014 - our effective tax rate on earnings from continuing operations was 33.3% in 2014, compared to 33.8% in 2013. the decrease in our effective tax rate for 2014 was primarily attributable to an increase in the domestic manufacturing deduction, partially offset by the amount of the goodwill impairment that is not deductible for tax purposes.
segment operating results basis of presentation we are aligned into three reportable segments: ingalls, newport news, and other. we established the other segment in the second quarter of 2014 to account for certain of our non-shipbuilding commercial activities. in the first quarter of 2014, we realigned our segments in order to optimize our operating structure. as a result of this realignment, our amsec and cmsd businesses were transferred from the ingalls segment to the newport news segment. we have reflected the 2014 realignment in prior financial reporting periods on an as-if basis, which has resulted in the transfer of revenue, operating profit, assets, and liabilities between the ingalls and newport news segments. none of these changes impacted our previously reported consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
on january 30, 2015, we completed the acquisition of usg. usg's post-acquisition results of operations, financial position, and cash flows are reported within our newport news segment. on may 30, 2014, we completed the acquisition of upi. we report the post-acquisition results of operations, financial position, and cash flows of upi as part of our other segment. on january 2, 2014, we completed the acquisition of sn3. sn3's post-acquisition results of operations, financial position, and cash flows are reported within our newport news segment.
segment operating results are presented in the following table:
year ended december 31                       2015 over 2014                       2014 over 2013
($ in millions)                                                       2015                  2014                  2013            dollars           percent            dollars           percent sales and service revenues ingalls                                                        $2,188                $2,286                $2,441               $(98    )          (4    )%         $(155    )          (6    )%
newport news                                                    4,700                 4,536                 4,382                164                4     %           154                4     %
other                                                             134                   137                     -                 (3    )          (2    )%           137                -     %
intersegment eliminations                                          (2    )               (2    )               (3    )             -                -     %             1               33     %
total sales and service revenues                               $7,020                $6,957                $6,820                $63                1     %          $137                2     %
operating income (loss)
ingalls                                                          $379                  $229                  $165               $150               66     %           $64               39     %
newport news                                                      422                   415                   402                  7                2     %            13                3     %
other                                                            (134    )              (59    )                -                (75    )        (127    )%           (59    )           -     %
total segment operating income (loss)                             667                   585                   567                 82               14     %            18                3     %
non-segment factors affecting operating income (loss)
fas/cas adjustment                                                104                    72                   (61    )            32               44     %           133              218     %
deferred state income taxes                                        (2    )               (2    )                6                  -                -     %            (8    )        (133    )%
total operating income (loss)                                    $769                  $655                  $512               $114               17     %          $143               28     %
key segment financial measures sales and service revenues period-to-period revenues reflect performance under new and ongoing contracts. changes in sales and service revenues are typically expressed in terms of volume. unless otherwise described, volume generally refers to increases (or decreases) in reported revenues due to varying production activity levels, delivery rates or service levels on individual contracts. volume changes will typically carry a corresponding income change based on the margin rate for a particular contract.
51
segment operating income segment operating income reflects the aggregate performance results of contracts within a segment. excluded from this measure are certain costs not directly associated with contract performance, including the fas/cas adjustment and deferred state income taxes. changes in segment operating income are typically expressed in terms of volume, as discussed above, or performance. performance refers to changes in contract margin rates. these changes typically relate to profit recognition associated with revisions to eac that reflect improved (or deteriorated) operating performance on a particular contract. operating income changes are accounted for on a cumulative to date basis at the time an eac change is recorded. segment operating income may also be affected by, among other things, contract performance, the effects of workforce stoppages, the effects of natural disasters such as hurricanes, resolution of disputed items with the customer, recovery of insurance proceeds, and other discrete events. at the completion of a long-term contract, any originally estimated costs not incurred or reserves not fully utilized, such as warranty reserves, could also impact contract earnings. where such items have occurred and the effects are material, a separate description is provided.
ingalls year ended december 31       2015 over 2014                     2014 over 2013
($ in millions)                                  2015                  2014                  2013       dollars               percent      dollars               percent sales and service revenues                $2,188                $2,286                $2,441            $(98      )          (4    )%      $(155     )          (6    )%
segment operating income (loss)              379                   229                   165                150              66     %   64                      39     %
as a percentage of segment sales            17.3    %             10.0    %              6.8    %
sales and service revenues
2015 - ingalls revenues, including intersegment sales, decreased $98 million, or 4%, in 2015 compared to 2014, driven by lower revenues in amphibious assault ships and the legend-class nsc program, partially offset by higher revenues in surface combatants. the decrease in amphibious assault ships revenues was due to lower volumes on lpd-26 john p. murtha, lpd-27 portland, and lha-6 uss america, partially offset by higher volume on lha-7 tripoli. revenues on the legend-class nsc program decreased due to lower volumes on nsc-4 uscgc hamilton and nsc-5 uscgc james, partially offset by higher volumes on nsc-7 kimball and nsc-8 midgett. surface combatants revenues increased due to higher volumes on ddg-119 delbert d. black and ddg-121 (unnamed), partially offset by lower volumes in the ddg-1000 zumwalt-class destroyer program.
2014 - ingalls revenues, including intersegment sales, decreased $155 million, or 6%, in 2014 compared to 2013, driven by lower revenues in amphibious assault ships, partially offset by higher revenues in the legend-class nsc program and surface combatants. the decrease in amphibious assault ships revenues was due to lower volumes on lha-6 uss america and lpd-25 uss somerset, partially offset by higher volumes on lha-7 tripoli and lpd-26 john p. murtha. revenues on the legend-class nsc program increased due to higher volumes on the construction contracts of nsc-6 munro, nsc-7 kimball, and nsc-5 james, partially offset by lower volumes on the construction of nsc-4 hamilton. surface combatants revenues increased due to higher volumes on the construction contracts of ddg-117 paul ignatius, ddg-119 delbert d. black, and ddg-114 ralph johnson, partially offset by lower volumes on the ddg-1000 zumwalt-class destroyer program.
segment operating income
2015 - ingalls operating income in 2015 was $379 million, compared to income of $229 million in 2014. the increase was primarily due to the aon litigation settlement, the resolution of outstanding contract changes and higher performance on the lha-6 america-class program, as well as higher performance on the legend-class nsc program, partially offset by the lower volumes described above.
2014 - ingalls operating income in 2014 was $229 million, compared to income of $165 million in 2013. the increase was primarily due to performance improvement and risk retirement on the lpd-17 san antonio-class program and the legend-class nsc program, as well as the unfavorable impact in the prior year of the gulfport facility closure, partially offset by the favorable impact in the prior year of hurricane insurance recoveries.
52
newport news year ended december 31                     2015 over 2014                     2014 over 2013
($ in millions)                                  2015                  2014                  2013           dollars          percent           dollars          percent sales and service revenues                $4,700                $4,536                $4,382              $164               4     %         $154               4     %
segment operating income (loss)              422                   415                   402                 7               2     %   13                       3     %
as a percentage of segment sales             9.0    %              9.1    %              9.2    %
sales and service revenues
2015 - newport news revenues, including intersegment sales, increased $164 million, or 4%, in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily driven by higher revenues in submarines and fleet support services, partially offset by lower revenues in aircraft carriers and energy services. submarines revenues related to the ssn-774 virginia-class submarine program were higher due to higher volumes on block iv boats, partially offset by lower volumes on block iii boats. higher revenues in fleet support services were primarily due to higher volumes associated with aircraft carrier support services. aircraft carriers revenues decreased due to lower volumes on the execution contract for the cvn-72 uss abraham lincoln rcoh and the construction contract for cvn-78 gerald r. ford, partially offset by higher volume on the construction contract for cvn-79 john f. kennedy. lower revenues in energy services were due to lower volumes on environmental remediation programs.
2014 - newport news revenues, including intersegment sales, increased $154 million, or 4%, in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily driven by the sn3 acquisition, as well as higher revenues in submarines and energy, partially offset by lower revenues in aircraft carriers and fleet support services. submarines revenues related to the ssn-774 virginia-class submarine program were higher due to higher volumes on block iv advance procurement and block iii construction contracts, partially offset by lower volumes on block ii boats following the delivery of ssn-783 uss minnesota. higher energy revenues were primarily driven by higher commercial volumes. aircraft carriers revenues decreased due to lower volumes on the execution contract for the cvn-71 uss theodore roosevelt rcoh and the construction contract for cvn-78 gerald r. ford, partially offset by higher volumes on the execution contract for the cvn-72 uss abraham lincoln rcoh and the inactivation contract for cvn-65 uss enterprise. lower revenues in fleet support services were primarily due to lower volumes associated with repair work on ssn-765 uss montpelier.
segment operating income
2015 - newport news operating income in 2015 was $422 million, compared to income of $415 million in 2014. the increase was due to higher volumes and performance on the ssn-774 virginia-class submarine program and the resolution of outstanding contract changes on the cvn-71 uss theodore roosevelt rcoh, partially offset by lower performance on the construction contract for cvn-78 gerald r. ford and lower volumes in aircraft carriers rcoh programs.
2014 - newport news operating income in 2014 was $415 million, compared to income of $402 million in 2013. the increase was primarily related to the volume changes discussed above and higher risk retirement on the construction contract for cvn-78 gerald r. ford, offset by lower risk retirement on the cvn-71 uss theodore roosevelt rcoh.
53
other year ended december 31   2015 over 2014                                  2014 over 2013
($ in millions)                    2015                 2014                2013                dollars                percent        dollars        percent sales and service revenues                  $134                $137             $-             $(3       )           (2    )%      $137             -     %
segment operating income (loss)             (134    )            (59    )        -              (75       )         (127    )%       (59    )        -     %
as a percentage of segment sales          (100.0   )%          (43.1   )%        -         %
sales and service revenues
2015 - revenues in the other segment for the year ended december 31, 2015, decreased $3 million, or 2%, in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily due to lower volumes in oil and gas services.
2014 - other revenues in 2014, were $137 million, primarily due to the acquisition of upi on may 30, 2014.
segment operating income
2015 - operating loss in the other segment for the year ended december 31, 2015, was $134 million, compared to an operating loss of $59 million in 2014. the decrease was primarily due to goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges and lower performance in oil and gas services.
2014 - other operating loss for the year ended december 31, 2014, was $59 million, primarily due to the goodwill impairment charge of $47 million described above.
backlog total backlog as of december 31, 2015, was approximately $22 billion. total backlog includes both funded backlog (firm orders for which funding is contractually obligated by the customer) and unfunded backlog (firm orders for which funding is not currently contractually obligated by the customer). backlog excludes unexercised contract options and unfunded indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity orders. for contracts having no stated contract values, backlog includes only the amounts committed by the customer.
the following table presents funded and unfunded backlog by segment as of december 31, 2015 and 2014:
december 31, 2015                                             december 31, 2014
total                                                         total
($ in millions)              funded       unfunded                    backlog              funded       unfunded                    backlog ingalls                 $5,153            $1,290                  $6,443              $5,609            $1,889                  $7,498
newport news             6,026            9,513                   15,539               6,158            7,709                   13,867
other             80                      -                80                   65                      -                65
total backlog          $11,259            $10,803                $22,062             $11,832            $9,598                 $21,430
we expect approximately 29% of the $22 billion total backlog as of december 31, 2015, to be converted into sales in 2016. u.s. government orders comprised substantially all of the backlog as of december 31, 2015 and 2014.
awards
2015 - the value of new contract awards during the year ended december 31, 2015, was approximately $7.6 billion. significant new awards in 2015 included contracts for detail design and construction for cvn-79 john f. kennedy, construction of nsc-8 midgett, continued construction of cvn-78 gerald r. ford, and advance planning for the cvn-73 uss george washington rcoh.
2014 - the value of new contract awards during the year ended december 31, 2014, was approximately $10.1 billion. significant new awards in 2014 included contracts for block iv of the ssn-774 virginia-class submarine program, continued construction preparation for cvn-79 john f. kennedy, and construction of nsc-7 kimball.
54
liquidity and capital resources we endeavor to ensure the most efficient conversion of operating results into cash for deployment in operating our businesses and maximizing stockholder value. we use various financial measures to assist in capital deployment decision making, including net cash provided by operating activities and free cash flow. we believe these measures are useful to investors in assessing our financial performance.
the following table summarizes key components of cash flow provided by (used in) operating activities:
year ended december 31                     2015 over 2014                      2014 over 2013
($ in millions)                                                        2015                2014                2013           dollars          percent            dollars          percent net earnings (loss)                                               $404                $338                $261               $66              20     %           $77              30     %
depreciation and amortization                                      188                 205                 235               (17    )         (8    )%           (30    )        (13    )%
stock-based compensation                                            43                  34                  44                 9              26     %           (10    )        (23    )%
excess tax benefit related to stock-based compensation             (33    )            (39    )            (24    )            6              15     %           (15    )        (63    )%
deferred income taxes                                              (15    )            (22    )            (28    )            7              32     %             6              21     %
retiree benefit funding less than (in excess of) expense            32                  (4    )            (86    )           36             900     %            82              95     %
insurance proceeds for investing purposes                          (21    )              -                 (58    )          (21    )          -     %            58             100     %
impairment of goodwill and intangible assets                       102                  47                   -                55             117     %            47               -     %
loss on early extinguishment of debt                                44                  37                   -                 7              19     %            37               -     %
trade working capital decrease (increase)                           84                 120                (108    )          (36    )        (30    )%           228             211     %
net cash provided by (used in) operating activities               $828                $716                $236              $112              16     %          $480             203     %
cash flows we discuss below our major operating, investing, and financing activities for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2015, as classified on our consolidated statements of cash flows.
operating activities
2015 - cash provided by operating activities was $828 million in 2015, compared to $716 million in 2014. the favorable change of $112 million in operating cash flow was primarily due to proceeds from the aon litigation settlement and a change in funding of retiree benefit plans, partially offset by higher payments for income taxes and a change in trade working capital. the change in trade working capital was primarily driven by accounts receivable and accounts payable due to timing of receipts and payments, respectively.
we expect cash generated from operations in 2016, in combination with our current cash and cash equivalents, as well as existing credit facilities, to be sufficient to service debt, meet contractual obligations, and finance capital expenditures for at least the next 12 months.
2014 - cash provided by operating activities was $716 million in 2014, compared to $236 million in 2013. the increase of $480 million was due primarily to decreases in accounts receivable and retirement benefit funding. in 2014, we paid net cash of $161 million for federal and state income taxes.
investing activities
2015 - cash used in investing activities was $141 million in 2015, a decrease of $296 million from 2014. the favorable change in investing cash flow was driven by the 2014 acquisitions of upi and sn3, the sale of the gulfport composite center of excellence in march 2015, and proceeds from the aon litigation settlement. for 2016, we expect our capital expenditures for maintenance and sustainment, excluding discretionary projects, to be between two and three percent of annual revenues.
55
2014 - cash used in investing activities was $437 million in 2014, an increase of $356 million from 2013. this increase in cash used in investing activities was driven by the acquisitions of sn3 and upi.
financing activities
2015 - cash used in financing activities in 2015 was $783 million, compared to $332 million used in 2014. the increase was primarily due to an additional $316 million of long-term debt repayment, $94 million of repurchases of common stock, $32 million of cash dividend payments, $11 million of debt related expenditures, as well as a $6 million decrease in excess tax benefit related to stock based compensation and a $2 million decrease in proceeds from stock options exercised, partially offset by a $10 million decrease in employee tax withholdings on share-based payment arrangements in 2015 compared to 2014.
2014 - cash used in financing activities in 2014 was $332 million, compared to $169 million used in 2013. the increase was primarily due to an additional $66 million of debt related expenditures, $24 million of cash dividend payments, and $19 million of repurchases of common stock, in addition to $64 million in employee tax withholdings on share-based payment arrangements in 2014 compared to 2013.
free cash flow free cash flow represents cash provided by (used in) operating activities less capital expenditures. free cash flow is not a measure recognized under gaap. free cash flow has limitations as an analytical tool and should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, analysis of our results as reported under gaap. we believe free cash flow is an important measure for our investors because it provides them insight into our current and period-to-period performance and our ability to generate cash from continuing operations. we also use free cash flow as a key operating metric in assessing the performance of our business and as a key performance measure in evaluating management performance and determining incentive compensation. free cash flow may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies.
the following table reconciles net cash provided by operating activities to free cash flow:
year ended december 31
($ in millions)                                       2015               2014                2013
net cash provided by (used in) operating activities          $828                $716                $236
less:
capital expenditures                                         (188    )           (165    )           (139    )
free cash flow                                               $640                $551                 $97
2015 - free cash flow increased $89 million from 2014, primarily due to proceeds from the aon litigation settlement and a change in funding of retiree benefit plans, partially offset by higher payments for income taxes, capital expenditures, and a change in trade working capital.
2014 - free cash flow increased $454 million from 2013, due primarily to decreases in accounts receivable and retirement benefit funding, partially offset by increased capital expenditures in 2014.
retirement related benefit plan contributions erisa, including amendments under pension relief, defines the minimum amount that must be contributed to our qualified defined benefit pension plans. in determining whether to make discretionary contributions to these plans above the minimum required amounts, we consider various factors, including maintaining the funded status needed to avoid potential benefit restrictions and other adverse consequences, maintaining minimum cas funding requirements, and the current and anticipated future funding levels of each plan. the contributions to our qualified defined benefit pension plans are affected by a number of factors, including published irs interest rates, the actual return on plan assets, actuarial assumptions, and demographic experience. these factors and our resulting contributions also impact the plans' funded status. if the irs publishes updated mortality tables for funding purposes, our pension contributions could be affected. we made the following minimum and discretionary contributions to our pension and other postretirement plans in the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013:
56
year ended december 31
($ in millions)                   2015                2014                2013
pension plans discretionary qualified                     $99                $123                $301
non-qualified                   4                   3                   4
other benefit plans            33                  33                  38
total contributions          $136                $159                $343
we made discretionary contributions to our qualified defined benefit pension plans totaling $99 million, $123 million, and $301 million in the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively.
as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, our qualified pension plans were funded 84% and 86%, respectively, on a fas basis. as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, these plans were sufficiently funded on an erisa basis so as not to be subject to benefit payment restrictions. the funded percentages under erisa and fas vary due to inherent differences in the assumptions and methodologies used to develop respective obligations for these two different purposes. we expect our 2016 cash contributions to our qualified defined benefit pension plans to be $167 million, all of which we anticipate will be discretionary and are exclusive of cas cost recoveries in our contracts. due to the differences in calculation methodologies, our fas expense is not necessarily representative of our funding requirements or cas cost recoveries.
other postretirement benefit contributions were $33 million, $33 million, and $38 million in 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively. we expect our 2016 contributions to our other postretirement benefit plans to be approximately $37 million, which are exclusive of cas cost recoveries in our contracts. contributions for postretirement benefits are not required to be funded in advance and are paid on an as-incurred basis.
other sources and uses of capital stockholder distributions - in october 2015, our board of directors authorized an increase in our quarterly cash dividend to $0.50 per share. the board previously increased the quarterly cash dividend to $0.40 per share in october 2014 and $0.20 per share in october 2013. we paid cash dividends totaling $81 million ($1.70 per share), $49 million ($1.00 per share), and $25 million ($0.50 per share) in the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively.
in october 2015, our board of directors authorized an increase in our existing stock repurchase program to $1,200 million of our outstanding shares of common stock. the board previously authorized an increase in our existing stock repurchase program from $300 million to $600 million in october 2014 and from $150 million to $300 million in october 2013. repurchases are made from time to time at management's discretion in accordance with applicable federal securities laws. for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, we repurchased 1,987,550, 1,407,729, and 1,722,991 shares, respectively, at a cost of $234 million, $138 million, and $119 million, respectively.
additional capital - in 2011, we issued $1,200 million of senior notes (consisting of $600 million of 6.875% senior notes due in 2018 and $600 million of 7.125% senior notes due in 2021). in november 2015, we issued $600 million aggregate principal amount of 5.000% senior notes due november 15, 2025. the net proceeds from the issuance of these senior notes were used to repurchase our 7.125% senior notes due march 15, 2021. in december 2014, we issued $600 million aggregate principal amount of 5.000% senior notes due december 15, 2021. the net proceeds from the issuance of these senior notes were used to repurchase our 6.875% senior notes due in 2018. interest on our senior notes is payable semi-annually.
in july 2015, we entered into the amended credit facility with third-party lenders. the amended credit facility includes a revolving credit facility of $1,250 million, which may be drawn upon during a period of five years from july 13, 2015. the revolving credit facility includes a letter of credit subfacility of $500 million. the revolving credit facility has a variable interest rate on outstanding borrowings based on the london interbank offered rate ("libor") plus a spread based upon our leverage ratio, which may vary between 1.25% and 2.00%. the revolving credit facility also has a commitment fee rate on the unutilized balance based on our leverage ratio. as of
57
december 31, 2015, approximately $27 million in letters of credit were issued but undrawn under the revolving credit facility, and the remaining $1,223 million was unutilized.
we made term loan payments of $395 million during the year ended december 31, 2015, using cash generated from operations.
we were in compliance with all debt-related covenants as of and during the year ended december 31, 2015. for a description of our outstanding debt amounts and related restrictive covenants, see note 14: debt in item 8.
contractual obligations as of december 31, 2015, our total outstanding long-term debt was $1,273 million, consisting of senior notes and third-party debt that remained outstanding subsequent to the spin-off. for a description of our outstanding debt amounts and related restrictive covenants, see note 14: debt in item 8.
in connection with the spin-off, we entered into a tax matters agreement with northrop grumman (the "tax matters agreement"), which governs the respective rights, responsibilities, and obligations of northrop grumman and us after the spin-off with respect to tax liabilities and benefits, tax attributes, tax contests, and other tax sharing regarding u.s. federal, state, local, and foreign income taxes, other taxes, and related tax returns. we have several liabilities with northrop grumman to the internal revenue service ("irs") for the consolidated u.s. federal income taxes of the northrop grumman consolidated group relating to the taxable periods in which we were part of that group. the tax matters agreement specifies the portion of this tax liability for which we will bear responsibility, and northrop grumman has agreed to indemnify us against any amounts for which we are not responsible. the tax matters agreement also provides special rules for allocating tax liabilities in the event that the spin-off, together with certain related transactions, is not tax-free.
the following table presents our contractual obligations as of december 31, 2015, and the related estimated timing of future cash payments:
($ in millions)                                   total                2016           2017 - 2018           2019 - 2020             2021 and beyond long-term debt                               $1,305                  $-                  $-                    $-                    $1,305
interest payments on long-term debt             569                  71                 142                   141                       215
operating leases                                197                  35                  57                    42                        63
purchase obligations (1)                      2,494                 949                 778                   266                       501
other long-term liabilities (2)                 761                 105                 116                    88                       452
total contractual obligations                $5,326              $1,160              $1,093                  $537                    $2,536
(1)   a "purchase obligation" is defined as an agreement to purchase goods or services that is enforceable and legally binding on us and that specifies all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum, or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. these amounts are primarily comprised of open purchase order commitments to vendors and subcontractors pertaining to funded contracts.
(2)   other long-term liabilities primarily consist of total accrued workers' compensation reserves, deferred compensation, and other miscellaneous liabilities, of which $227 million is the current portion of workers' compensation liabilities. it excludes obligations for uncertain tax positions of $30 million, for which the timing of the payments, if any, cannot be reasonably estimated.
the above table excludes retirement related contributions. amounts for retirement related contributions depend on plan provisions, actuarial assumptions, actual plan asset performance, and other factors described under retirement related plans in critical accounting policies, estimates and judgments and under liquidity and capital resources.
further details regarding long-term debt and operating leases can be found in note 14: debt and note 16: commitments and contingencies in item 8.
58
off-balance sheet arrangements in the ordinary course of business, we use standby letters of credit issued by commercial banks and surety bonds issued by insurance companies principally to support our self-insured workers' compensation plans. as of december 31, 2015, $27 million in standby letters of credit were issued but undrawn and $356 million of surety bonds were outstanding.
as of december 31, 2015, we had no other significant off-balance sheet arrangements other than operating leases. for a description of our operating leases, see note 2: summary of significant accounting policies and note 16: commitments and contingencies in item 8.
59
glossary of programs included below are brief descriptions of some of the programs discussed in this annual report on form 10-k.
program name                                    program description carrier rcoh                                    perform refueling and complex overhaul ("rcoh") of nuclear-powered aircraft carriers, which is required at the mid-point of their 50-year life cycle. cvn-72 uss abraham lincoln is currently undergoing rcoh and advance planning efforts for cvn-73 uss george washington are in process in preparation for the expected start of its rcoh in 2017.
cvn-65 uss enterprise                           defuel and inactivate the world's first nuclear-powered aircraft carrier, which began in 2013.
cvn-78 gerald r. ford-class aircraft carriers   design and construction for the ford-class program, which is the aircraft carrier replacement program for cvn-65 uss enterprise and cvn-68 nimitz-class aircraft carriers. cvn-78 gerald r. ford, the first ship of the ford-class, is currently under construction. in june 2015, we were awarded a contract for the detail design and construction of cvn-79 john f. kennedy, following several years of engineering, advance construction, and purchase of long-lead time components and material. this category also includes the class' non-recurring engineering. the class is expected to bring improved warfighting capability, quality of life improvements for sailors, and reduced life cycle costs.
ddg-51 arleigh burke-class destroyers           build guided missile destroyers designed for conducting anti-air, anti-submarine, anti-surface and strike operations. the aegis-equipped ddg-51 arleigh burke-class destroyers are the u.s. navy's primary surface combatant, and have been constructed in variants, allowing technological advances during construction. ddg-113 john finn and ddg-114 ralph johnson are currently under construction. in june 2013, we were awarded a multi-year contract for construction of five additional ddg-51 arleigh burke-class destroyers. the first two ships of that award, ddg-117 paul ignatius and ddg-119 delbert d. black, are currently under construction. ddg-121 (unnamed) was funded in 2015 and is scheduled to begin construction in 2016.
ddg-1000 zumwalt-class destroyers               design and build multi-mission surface combatants in conjunction with bath iron works and construct the ships' integrated composite deckhouses, as well as portions of the ships' aft peripheral vertical launch systems. in 2012, we delivered the composite superstructure of ddg-1000 zumwalt. in 2014, we completed construction and delivered the composite deckhouse of ddg-1001 michael monsoor. the delivery of the deckhouse completed our participation in this program as the navy has decided on a steel deckhouse for the third and final ship of the class.
energy products and services                    leverage our core competencies in nuclear operations, program management and heavy manufacturing for u.s. department of energy ("doe") and commercial nuclear programs. we also provide a range of services to the energy and oil and gas industries as well as government customers.
fleet support services                          fleet support provides comprehensive life cycle services, including depot maintenance, modernization, repairs, logistics and technical support and planning yard services for naval and commercial vessels. we have ship repair facilities in newport news, virginia, and san diego, california, which are near the u.s. navy's largest homeports of norfolk, virginia and san diego, respectively. we also perform emergent repair for the u.s. navy on all classes of ships.
60
legend-class national security cutter                      design and build the u.s. coast guard's national security cutters, the largest and most technically advanced class of cutter in the u.s. coast guard. the nsc is equipped to carry out maritime homeland security, maritime safety, protection of natural resources, maritime mobility and national defense missions. the plan is for a total of eight ships, of which the first five ships have been delivered. nsc-6 munro, nsc-7 kimball and nsc-8 midgett are currently under construction.
lha-6 america-class amphibious assault ships               design and build amphibious assault ships that provide forward presence and power projection as an integral part of joint, interagency and multinational maritime expeditionary forces. the lha-6 america-class ships, together with the lhd-1 wasp-class ships, are the successors to the decommissioned lha-1 tarawa-class ships. the lha-6 america-class ships optimize aviation operations and support capabilities. we delivered lha-6 uss america in april 2014 and lha-7 tripoli is currently under construction.
lpd-17 san antonio-class amphibious transport dock ships   design and build amphibious transport dock ships, which are warships that embark, transport and land elements of a landing force for a variety of expeditionary warfare missions, and also serve as the secondary aviation platform for amphibious readiness groups. the lpd-17 san antonio-class is the newest addition to the u.s. navy's 21st century amphibious assault force, and these ships are a key element of the u.s. navy's seabase transformation. in october 2013, we delivered lpd-25 uss somerset, and we are currently constructing lpd-26 john p. murtha and lpd-27 portland. the lpd-17 san antonio-class currently includes a total of 11 ships.
savannah river nuclear solutions, llc                      participate, as a minority member in a joint venture, in the management and operation of doe nuclear sites, currently at the savannah river site near aiken, south carolina, and potentially at other doe sites. our joint venture partners at the savannah river site include fluor federal services, inc. and honeywell international inc.
ssbn(x) ohio-class submarine replacement program           perform, through an agreement with electric boat, as design subcontractor for the ssbn(x) ohio-class replacement boats. the u.s. navy has committed to designing a replacement class for the ssbn ohio-class ballistic missile submarines, which were first introduced into service in 1981. the ssbn ohio-class includes 14 ballistic missile submarines and four nuclear cruise missile submarines. the ohio replacement program currently anticipates 12 new ballistic missile submarines over a 15-year period at a cost of approximately $5 billion to $7 billion each. the u.s. navy has initiated the design process for the new class of submarine, and we have begun design work as a subcontractor to electric boat. congress has delayed the start of the first ohio replacement submarine by two years and construction is now expected to begin in 2021, with procurement of long-lead-time materials in 2017 and delivery in 2030. the first ohio-class ballistic missile submarine is expected to be retired in 2027 with an additional submarine being retired each year thereafter. by 2030 the ohio-class ballistic missile submarine fleet is expected to be ten. the current fiscal environment and uncertainty in defense budgets may cause additional delay to the start of construction or result in a reduction in the number of ships being procured, but we believe the ohio replacement program may represent an opportunity for us in the future.
ssn-774 virginia-class fast attack submarines              construct the newest attack submarines as the principal subcontractor to electric boat. the ssn-774 virginia-class is a post-cold war design tailored to excel in a wide range of warfighting missions, including anti-submarine and surface ship warfare; special operation forces; strike; intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance; carrier and expeditionary strike group support; and mine warfare.
61
