item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following analysis discusses our financial condition as of december 31, 2015, compared with december 31, 2014, and our consolidated results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, and, where appropriate, factors that may affect our future financial performance. the discussion should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes to the financial statements and the other financial information included elsewhere in this form 10-k.
forward-looking information our narrative analysis below contains forward-looking statements intended to enhance the reader's ability to assess our future financial performance. forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements that represent our beliefs concerning future operations, strategies, financial results or other developments, and contain words and phrases such as "anticipate," "believe," "plan," "estimate," "expect," "intend," and similar expressions. forward-looking statements are made based upon management's current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance.
33
actual results may differ materially from those included in the forward-looking statements as a result of risks and uncertainties. those risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the risk factors listed in item 1a. "risk factors."
overview we provide financial products and services through the following reportable segments:
• retirement and income solutions;
• principal global investors;
• principal international and
• u.s. insurance solutions we also have a corporate segment, which consists of the assets and activities that have not been allocated to any other segment. see item 1. "business" for a description of our reportable segments.
in the fourth quarter of 2015 we implemented changes to our organizational structure to better align businesses, distribution teams and product offerings for future growth. principal funds, which included our mutual fund business and princor, our retail broker-dealer and registered investment advisor, as well as pfa were previously reported in our retirement and investor services segment. our mutual fund business and pfa are now reported as part of our principal global investors segment, while princor is now reported as part of our corporate segment. the retirement and investor services segment has been renamed to retirement and income solutions. additionally, information used by our chief operating decision maker in assessing segment performance has changed to pre-tax operating earnings. we retrospectively applied this change to the results of our principal international segment to remove income taxes of equity method subsidiaries that had previously been included in operating revenue and pre-tax operating earnings. our segment results have been modified to reflect these changes, which did not have an impact on our consolidated financial statements.
economic factors and trends positive market performance and net customer cash flows led to account value increases in our retirement and income solutions segment and aum increases in our principal global investors segment. since account values and aum are the base by which these businesses generate revenues, the increase in account values and aum has contributed to the overall improvement of our operating revenues.
in our principal international segment, we continued to grow our business organically through our existing subsidiaries and joint ventures and through strategic acquisitions. local currency aum, a key indicator of earnings growth for the segment, increased significantly as a result of positive net customer cash flows and market performance. the financial results for the principal international segment are also impacted by fluctuations of the foreign currency to u.s. dollar exchange rates for the countries in which we have business.
the u.s. insurance solutions segment has been impacted by lower interest rates for the past few years as well as decreases in our long-term interest rate assumptions. the current low interest rate environment has caused spread compression, whereas the decrease in long-term interest rate assumptions has led to higher reserves and unlocking of our dac and other actuarial balances in the segment.
profitability our profitability depends in large part upon our:
• amount of aum;
• ability to manage the difference between the investment income we earn and the interest we credit to policyholders;
• ability to generate fee revenues by providing administrative and investment management services;
• ability to price our insurance products at a level that enables us to earn a margin over the cost of providing benefits and the related expenses;
• ability to manage our investment portfolio to maximize investment returns and minimize risks such as interest rate changes or defaults or impairments of invested assets;
• ability to effectively hedge fluctuations in foreign currency to u.s. dollar exchange rates on certain transactions and
• ability to manage our operating expenses.
34
critical accounting policies and estimates the increasing complexity of the business environment and applicable authoritative accounting guidance requires us to closely monitor our accounting policies. our significant accounting policies are described in item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 1, nature of operations and significant accounting policies." we have identified critical accounting policies that are complex and require significant judgment and estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain. a summary of our critical accounting policies is intended to enhance the reader's ability to assess our financial condition and results of operations and the potential volatility due to changes in estimates and changes in guidance. the identification, selection and disclosure of critical accounting estimates and policies have been discussed with the audit committee of the board of directors.
valuation and impairment of fixed income investments fixed maturities.    fixed maturities include bonds, asset-backed securities ("abs"), redeemable preferred stock and certain non-redeemable preferred securities. we classify our fixed maturities as either afs or trading and, accordingly, carry them at fair value in the consolidated statements of financial position. the fair values of our public fixed maturities are primarily based on market prices from third party pricing vendors. we have regular interactions with these vendors to ensure we understand their pricing methodologies and to confirm they are utilizing observable market information. in addition, 22% of our invested asset portfolio as of december 31, 2015, was invested in fixed maturities that are private placement assets, where there are no readily available market quotes to determine the fair market value. the majority of these assets are valued using a spread pricing matrix that utilizes observable market inputs. securities are grouped into pricing categories that vary by sector, rating and average life. each pricing category is assigned a risk spread based on studies of observable public market data from the investment professionals assigned to specific security classes. the expected cash flows of the security are then discounted back at the current treasury curve plus the appropriate risk spread. certain market events that could impact the valuation of securities include issuer credit ratings, business climate, management changes, litigation and government actions among others. see item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 14, fair value measurements" for further discussion.
if we are unable to price a fixed maturity security using prices from third party pricing vendors or other sources specific to the asset class, we may obtain a broker quote or utilize an internal pricing model specific to the asset utilizing relevant market information to the extent available. as of december 31, 2015, less than 1% of our fixed maturities were valued using internal pricing models.
a rate increase of 100 basis points would produce a total value of approximately $47.5 billion, as compared to the recorded amount of $50.0 billion related to our fixed maturity, afs financial assets with interest rate risk held by us as of december 31, 2015. for additional information see item 7a. "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk — interest rate risk".
the $1,517.7 million decrease in net unrealized gains from u.s. investment operations for the year ended december 31, 2015, can primarily be attributed to an approximate 19 basis points increase in interest rates and widening of credit spreads.
fixed maturities classified as afs are subject to impairment reviews. when evaluating fixed maturities for impairment, we consider relevant facts and circumstances in evaluating whether a credit or interest rate-related impairment of a security is other than temporary. relevant facts and circumstances considered include: (1) the extent and length of time the fair value has been below cost; (2) the reasons for the decline in value; (3) the financial position and access to capital of the issuer, including the current and future impact of any specific events; (4) for structured securities, the adequacy of the expected cash flows and (5) our intent to sell a security or whether it is more likely than not we will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost which, in some cases, may extend to maturity. to the extent we determine that a security is deemed to be other than temporarily impaired, an impairment loss is recognized. see item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 4, investments — other-than-temporary impairments" for further discussion.
there are a number of significant risks and uncertainties inherent in the process of monitoring impairments and determining if an impairment is other than temporary. these risks and uncertainties include: (1) the risk that our assessment of an issuer's ability to meet all of its contractual obligations will change based on changes in the credit characteristics of that issuer; (2) the risk that the economic outlook will be worse than expected or have more of an impact on the issuer than anticipated; (3) the risk that our investment professionals are making decisions based on fraudulent or misstated information in the financial statements provided by issuers and (4) the risk that new information obtained by us or changes in other facts and circumstances lead us to change our intent to not sell the security prior to recovery of its amortized cost. any of these situations could result in a charge to net income in a future period. at december 31, 2015, we had $16,874.5 million in afs fixed maturities with gross unrealized losses totaling $823.2 million. included in the gross unrealized losses are losses attributable to both movements in market interest rates as well as movement in credit spreads. net income would be reduced by approximately $823.2 million, on a pre-tax basis, if all the securities in an unrealized loss position were deemed to be other than temporarily impaired and our intent was to sell all such securities.
35
mortgage loans.    mortgage loans consist primarily of commercial mortgage loans on real estate. as of december 31, 2015, the carrying value of our commercial mortgage loans was $11,237.8 million. commercial mortgage loans on real estate are generally reported at cost adjusted for amortization of premiums and accrual of discounts, computed using the interest method and net of valuation allowances.
commercial mortgage loans on real estate are considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that we will be unable to collect all amounts due according to contractual terms of the loan agreement. when we determine that a loan is impaired, a valuation allowance is established equal to the difference between the carrying amount of the mortgage loan and the estimated value reduced by the cost to sell. estimated value is based on either the present value of the expected future cash flows discounted at the loan's effective interest rate, the loan's observable market price or fair value of the collateral. subsequent changes in the estimated value are reflected in the valuation allowance. amounts on loans deemed to be uncollectible are charged off and removed from the valuation allowance. the change in the valuation allowance provision is included in net realized capital gains (losses) on our consolidated statements of operations.
the valuation allowance is maintained at a level believed adequate by management to absorb estimated probable credit losses. management's periodic evaluation and assessment of the valuation allowance adequacy is based on known and inherent risks in the portfolio, adverse situations that may affect a borrower's ability to repay, the estimated value of the underlying collateral, composition of the loan portfolio, portfolio delinquency information, underwriting standards, peer group information, current economic conditions, loss experience and other relevant factors. the evaluation of our impaired loan component is subjective, as it requires the estimation of timing and amount of future cash flows expected to be received on impaired loans. for more detailed information concerning mortgage loan valuation allowances and impairments, see item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 4, investments — mortgage loan valuation allowance."
we have a large experienced commercial real estate staff centrally located in des moines, which includes commercial mortgage underwriters, loan closers, loan servicers, engineers, appraisers, credit analysts, research staff, legal staff, information technology personnel and portfolio managers. experienced commercial real estate senior management adheres to a disciplined process in reviewing all transactions for approval on a consistent basis. during 2015, the typical new commercial mortgage loan at origination averaged 50% loan-to-value with a 3.1 times debt service coverage ratio and was internally rated a on a bond equivalent basis. our entire commercial mortgage loan portfolio, excluding mortgage loans held in our principal global investors segment, averaged 46% loan-to-value ratio with a 2.7 times debt service coverage ratio as of december 31, 2015. the large equity cushion and strong debt service coverage in our commercial mortgage loan investments will help insulate us from stress during times of weak commercial real estate fundamentals.
derivatives we primarily use derivatives to hedge or reduce exposure to market risks. the fair values of exchange-traded derivatives are determined through quoted market prices. the fair value of derivative instruments cleared through centralized clearinghouses is determined through market prices published by the clearinghouses. the fair values of non-cleared over-the-counter derivative instruments are determined using either pricing valuation models that utilize market observable inputs or broker quotes. on an absolute fair value basis as of december 31, 2015, 69% of our over-the-counter derivative assets and liabilities were valued using pricing valuation models, 24% using clearinghouse prices and the remaining 7% using broker quotes. see item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 14, fair value measurements" for further discussion. the fair values of our derivative instruments can be impacted by changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, credit spreads, equity indices and volatility, as well as other contributing factors.
we also issue certain annuity contracts and other insurance contracts that include embedded derivatives that have been bifurcated from the host contract. they are valued using a combination of historical data and actuarial judgment. see item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 14, fair value measurements" for further discussion. we include our assumption for own non-performance risk in the valuation of these embedded derivatives. as our credit spreads widen or tighten, the fair value of the embedded derivative liabilities decrease or increase, leading to an increase or decrease in net income. if the current market credit spreads reflecting our own creditworthiness move to zero (tighten), the reduction to net income would be approximately $102.5 million, net of dac and income taxes, based on december 31, 2015, reported amounts. in addition, the policyholder behavior assumptions used in the valuation of embedded derivatives include risk margins, which increase the fair value of the embedded derivative liabilities.
the accounting for derivatives is complex and interpretations of the applicable accounting standards continue to evolve. judgment is applied in determining the availability and application of hedge accounting designations and the appropriate accounting treatment. judgment and estimates are used to determine the fair value of some of our derivatives. volatility in net income can result from changes in fair value of derivatives that do not qualify or are not designated for hedge accounting and changes in fair value of embedded derivatives.
36
deferred acquisition costs and other actuarial balances incremental direct costs of contract acquisition as well as certain costs directly related to acquisition activities (underwriting, policy issuance and processing, medical and inspection and sales force contract selling) for the successful acquisition of new and renewal insurance policies and investment contract business are capitalized to the extent recoverable. commissions and other incremental direct costs of contract acquisition for the acquisition of long-term service contracts are also capitalized to the extent recoverable. maintenance costs and acquisition costs that are not deferrable are charged to net income as incurred.
amortization based on estimated gross profits.    dac for universal life-type insurance contracts and certain investment contracts are amortized over the expected lifetime of the policies in relation to estimated gross profits ("egps"). as of december 31, 2015, these policies accounted for 64% of our total dac balance. in addition to dac, the following actuarial balances are also amortized in relation to egps.
• sales inducement asset — sales inducements are amounts that are credited to the contractholder's account balance as an inducement to purchase the contract. like dac, the cost of the sales inducement is capitalized and amortized over the expected life of the contract, in proportion to egps.
• unearned revenue liability — an unearned revenue liability is established when we collect fees or other policyholder assessments that represent compensation for services to be provided in future periods. these revenues are deferred and then amortized over the expected life of the contract, in proportion to egps.
• reinsurance asset or liability — for universal-life type products that are reinsured, a reinsurance asset or liability is established to spread the expected net reinsurance costs or profits in proportion to the egps on the underlying business.
we also have additional benefit reserves that are established for annuity or universal life-type contracts that provide benefit guarantees, or for contracts that are expected to produce profits followed by losses. the liabilities are accrued in relation to estimated contract assessments.
key assumptions used in the calculation of egps include mortality, morbidity, lapses, investment yield and expenses as well as the change in our liability for certain guarantees and the difference between actual and expected reinsurance premiums and recoveries, depending on the nature of the contract. we develop an estimate of egps at issue and each valuation date. as actual experience emerges, the gross profits may vary from those expected either in magnitude or timing, in which case a true-up to actual occurs as a charge or credit to current net income. in addition, we are required to revise our assumptions regarding future experience if actual experience or other evidence suggests that earlier estimates should be revised; we refer to this as unlocking. both actions, reflecting actual experience and changing future estimates, can change both the current amount and the future amortization pattern of the dac asset and related actuarial balances.
for individual variable life insurance, individual variable annuities and group annuities that have separate account u.s. equity investment options, we utilize a mean reversion methodology (reversion to the mean assumption), a common industry practice, to determine the future domestic equity market growth rate assumption used for the calculation of egps. if actual annualized u.s. equity market performance varies from our 8% long-term assumption, we assume different performance levels in the short-term such that the weighted average return is equal to the long-term assumption over the mean reversion period. however, our mean reversion process generally limits assumed returns to a range of 4 - 12% during the mean reversion period.
amortization based on estimated gross revenues.    dac and certain of the actuarial balances on a portion of our universal life products are amortized in proportion to estimated gross revenues rather than egps. estimated gross revenues include similar assumptions as the revenue component of egps and the changes of future estimates and reflection of actual experience is done in the same manner as egps discussed above. as of december 31, 2015, these policies accounted for 6% of our total dac balance.
amortization based on estimated gross margins.    dac for participating life insurance products are amortized in proportion to estimated gross margins ("egms") rather than egps. egms include similar assumption items as egps, and amortization schedules were developed using models last updated when we stopped selling participating business in the early 2000s. some products allow for underwritten death benefit increases and cost of living adjustments, resulting in a material amount of new dac each year, and the amortization schedules are modified as appropriate. as of december 31, 2015, these policies accounted for 4% of our total dac balance.
amortization based on premium-paying period.    dac of non-participating term life insurance and individual disability policies are amortized over the premium-paying period of the related policies using assumptions consistent with those used in computing policyholder liabilities. once these assumptions are made for a given policy or group of policies, they will not be changed over the life of the policy unless a loss recognition event occurs. as of december 31, 2015, these policies accounted for 20% of our total dac balance.
amortization based on service period.    dac of long-term service contracts are amortized in proportion to the revenue recognized or straight-line if no pattern of revenue recognition can be reasonably predicted. we amortize capitalized costs of long-term service contracts on a straight-line basis over the expected contract life. as of december 31, 2015, these contracts accounted for 6% of our total dac balance.
37
internal replacements.    we review policies for modifications that result in the exchange of an existing contract for a new contract. if the new contract is determined to be an internal replacement that is substantially changed from the replaced contract, any unamortized dac and related actuarial balances are written off and acquisition costs related to the new contract are capitalized as appropriate. if the new contract is substantially unchanged from the replaced contract, we continue to amortize the existing dac and related actuarial balances.
recoverability.    dac and sales inducement assets are subject to recoverability testing at the time of policy issue and loss recognition testing on an annual basis, or when an event occurs that may warrant loss recognition. if loss recognition or impairment is necessary, the asset balances are written off to the extent that it is determined that future policy premiums and investment income or gross profits are not adequate to cover related losses and expenses.
sensitivities.    as of december 31, 2015, the net balance of dac and related actuarial balances, excluding balances affected by changes in other comprehensive income ("oci"), was a $1,758.7 million asset. we perform sensitivity analyses to assess the impact that certain assumptions have on these balances. the following table shows the estimated immediate impact of various assumption changes on our dac and related actuarial balances.

reducing the future equity return assumption by 1%                                     $(8       )
reducing the long-term general account net investment returns assumption by 0.5% (2)       (23   )
a one-time, 10% drop in equity market values                                               (8    )
(1)
reflects the net impact of changes to the dac asset, sales inducement asset, unearned revenue liability, reinsurance asset or liability, additional benefit reserves and related taxes. includes the impact on net income of changes in dac and related balances for our equity method subsidiaries. the dac and related balances of the equity method subsidiaries are not included in the total dac balance listed above as they are not fully consolidated.
(2)
net investment return represents net investment income plus net realized capital gains (losses).
goodwill and other intangible assets goodwill and other intangible assets include the cost of acquired subsidiaries in excess of the fair value of the net tangible assets recorded in connection with acquisitions. goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized; rather, we test the carrying value for impairment at least annually. goodwill is tested at the reporting unit level, which is a business one level below the operating segment. we formally conduct our annual goodwill and other intangible asset impairment testing during the third quarter. under certain circumstances, interim impairment tests may be required if events occur or circumstances change that would more-likely-than-not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value.
in connection with our fourth quarter 2015 operating segment changes, goodwill was tested for impairment using adjusted carrying values of the new reporting units. we concluded the fair value of each reporting unit was in excess of its carrying value and goodwill was not impaired.
the operating segments and associated reporting units at which we perform our testing are as follows:
• retirement and income solutions: retirement and income solutions — fee and retirement and income solutions — spread
• principal global investors: equity investments, fixed income investments, real estate and other alternative investments, mutual funds complex
• principal international: countries in which principal international does business
• u.s. insurance solutions: specialty benefits insurance and individual life insurance
• corporate: corporate subsidiaries u.s. gaap permits entities to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative impairment test of the two-step goodwill impairment test. similarly, u.s. gaap permits entities to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of an intangible asset with an indefinite life is less than its carrying amount to determine whether it is necessary to perform a quantitative assessment. for 2014 testing, we began to utilize the qualitative approach on a limited basis for intangible assets with indefinite lives. we continue to perform a two-step test in our evaluation of the carrying value of goodwill.
in step 1 of the evaluation, the fair value of each reporting unit is determined and compared to the carrying value of the reporting unit. if the fair value is greater than the carrying value, then the carrying value of the reporting unit is deemed to be recoverable, and step 2 is not required. after completion of our step 1 analysis, it was determined that fair values exceeded the carrying amounts for all businesses one level below the operating segment and we do not currently have any business at risk of failing the step 1 goodwill impairment test. if the fair value estimate had been less than the
38
carrying value, it is an indicator that impairment may exist, and step 2 would be required. in step 2, the reporting unit's goodwill implied fair value is determined. the reporting unit's fair value as determined in step 1 is assigned to all of its net assets (recognized and unrecognized) as if the reporting unit were acquired in a business combination as of the date of the impairment test. if the implied fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill is lower than its carrying amount, goodwill is impaired and written down to its implied fair value.
the determination of fair value for our reporting units is primarily based on an income approach whereby we use discounted cash flows for each reporting unit. when available, and as appropriate, we use market approaches or other valuation techniques to corroborate discounted cash flow results. the discounted cash flow model used for each reporting unit is based on either income or distributable cash flow, depending on the reporting unit being valued. we use different discount rates based upon the weighted average cost of capital adjusted for risks associated with the operations.
for the income model, we determine fair value based on the present value of the most recent income projections for each reporting unit and calculate a terminal value utilizing a terminal growth rate. the significant assumptions in the operating income model include: income projections, including the underlying assumptions; discount rate and terminal growth rate.
for the distributable cash flow model, we determine fair value based on the present value of projected statutory net income and changes in required capital to determine distributable income for the respective reporting unit. the significant assumptions in the distributable cash flow model include: required capital levels; income projections, including the underlying assumptions; discount rate; new business projection period and new business production growth.
we continually monitor market conditions, events, and other external or internal factors that could trigger the need to test any of our intangibles for impairment outside of the annual testing process. in the third quarter of 2015, identified intangibles that originated from the acquisition of our mutual fund company in brazil were deemed to be impaired, resulting in a pre-tax loss of $23.0 million recorded in operating expenses. these impairments were driven by the current macroeconomic and market conditions in brazil, including higher discount rates and change in the mix of business.
intangible assets with useful lives are amortized as related benefits emerge and are reviewed periodically for indicators of impairment in value. if facts and circumstances suggest possible impairment, the sum of the estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset is compared to the current carrying value of the asset. if the undiscounted future cash flows are less than the carrying value, an impairment loss is recognized for the excess of the carrying amount of assets over their fair value. for those assets amortized as related benefits emerge, the most significant assumptions involved in the estimation of future benefits include surrender/lapse rates and interest margins.
other than intangible asset impairments related to our mutual fund business in brazil, we did not recognize a material impairment in our 2015 consolidated statement of operations. in connection with our annual impairment testing process, we performed a sensitivity analysis for goodwill impairment with respect to each of our reporting units and determined that a hypothetical 10% decline in the fair value would not result in an impairment of goodwill for any reporting unit. the most significant goodwill and other intangible assets within our 2015 consolidated statement of financial position resulted from our 2013 acquisition of cuprum, whereby we recorded $631.8 million of goodwill, and from our 2006 purchase of wm advisors, inc., whereby we acquired $608.0 million of investment management contracts which are considered an indefinite-lived intangible. we cannot predict certain future events that might adversely affect the reported value of goodwill and other intangible assets that totaled $1,009.0 million and $1,359.2 million, respectively, as of december 31, 2015. such events include, but are not limited to, strategic decisions made in response to economic and competitive conditions, the impact of the economic environment on our customer base, interest rate movements, declines in the equity markets, the legal environment in which the businesses operate or a material negative change in our relationships with significant customers. for further information see item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 14, nature of operations and significant accounting policies," and "note 2, goodwill and other intangible assets."
insurance reserves reserves are liabilities representing estimates of the amounts that will come due, at some point in the future, to or on behalf of our policyholders. u.s. gaap, allowing for some degree of managerial judgment, provides guidance for establishing reserves.
future policy benefits and claims include reserves for individual traditional and group life insurance, disability and health insurance and individual and group annuities that provide periodic income payments. these reserves are computed using assumptions of mortality, morbidity, lapse, investment performance and expense. these assumptions are based on our experience, industry results, emerging trends and future expectations. for long duration insurance contracts, once these assumptions are made for a given policy or group of policies, they will not be changed over the life of the policy. however, significant changes in experience or assumptions may require us to provide for expected future losses on a product by establishing premium deficiency reserves. premium deficiency reserves may also be established for short duration contracts to provide for expected future losses. our reserve levels are reviewed throughout the year using internal analysis including, among other things, experience studies, claim development analysis and annual loss recognition analysis. to the extent experience indicates potential loss recognition, we recognize losses on certain lines of business. the ultimate accuracy of the assumptions on these long-tailed insurance products cannot be determined until
39
the obligation of the entire block of business on which the assumptions were made is extinguished. short-term variances of actual results from the assumptions used in the computation of the reserves are reflected in current period net income and can impact quarter-to-quarter net income.
future policy benefits and claims also include reserves for incurred but unreported health, disability and life insurance claims. we recognize claims costs in the period the service was provided to our policyholders. however, claims costs incurred in a particular period are not known with certainty until after we receive, process and pay the claims. we determine the amount of this liability using actuarial methods based on historical claim payment patterns as well as emerging cost trends, where applicable, to determine our estimate of claim liabilities. we also look back to assess how our prior periods' estimates developed. to the extent appropriate, changes in such development are recorded as a change to current period claim expense. historically, the amount of the claim reserve adjustment made in subsequent reporting periods for prior period estimates have been within a reasonable range given our normal claim fluctuations.
benefit plans the reported expense and liability associated with pension and opeb plans requires the use of assumptions. numerous assumptions are made regarding the discount rate, expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, turnover, expected compensation increases, health care claim costs, health care cost trends, retirement rates and mortality. the discount rate and the expected return on plan assets have the most significant impact on the level of expense.
the assumed discount rate is determined by projecting future benefit payments inherent in the projected benefit obligation and discounting those cash flows using a spot yield curve for high quality corporate bonds. our assumed discount rate for the 2015 year-end was 4.50% for pension and 4.15% for the welfare plans. typically a 0.25% decrease in the discount rate would increase the pension benefits projected benefit obligation and the net periodic pension cost ("nppc") by approximately $115.0 million and $4.6 million, respectively. typically a 0.25% decrease in the discount rate would increase the other postretirement benefits accumulated postretirement benefit obligation by approximately $4.3 million and would have a nominal impact on the net periodic benefit cost ("npbc"). typically a 0.25% increase in the discount rate would result in decreases in benefit obligations and expenses at a level generally commensurate with those noted above.
the assumed long-term rate of return on plan assets is set at the long-term rate expected to be earned based on the long-term investment policy of the plans and the various classes of the invested funds. historical and future expected returns of multiple asset classes were analyzed to develop a risk-free real rate of return and risk premiums for each asset class. the overall long-term rate for each asset class was developed by combining a long-term inflation component, the real risk free rate of return and the associated risk premium. a weighted average rate was developed based on long-term returns for each asset class, the plan's target asset allocation policy and the tax structure of the trusts. for the 2015 nppc and 2015 npbc, a 7.20% and 5.36% weighted average long-term rate of return was used, respectively. for the 2016 nppc and 2016 npbc, a 7.20% and 5.24% weighted average long-term rate of return assumption, respectively, will be used. typically a 0.25% decrease in the assumed long-term rate of return would increase the nppc by approximately $5.4 million and the npbc by approximately $1.6 million. typically a 0.25% increase in this rate would result in a decrease to expense at the same levels. the assumed return on plan assets is based on the fair market value of plan assets as of december 31, 2015.
the compensation increase assumption is generally set at a rate consistent with current and expected long-term compensation and salary policy, including inflation.
actuarial gains and losses are amortized using a straight-line amortization method over the average remaining service period of employees, which is approximately 12 years for pension costs and approximately 10 years for other postretirement benefit costs. the qualified pension plan does not utilize the allowable corridor, while the nonqualified pension, as well as the welfare plans, utilize the 10% corridor. prior service costs are amortized on a weighted average basis over approximately 2 years for pension and 2 years for other postretirement benefit costs. see item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 11, employee and agent benefits" for further discussion.
income taxes we provide for income taxes based on our estimate of the liability for taxes due. our tax accounting represents management's best estimate of various events and transactions, such as completion of tax audits or establishment of, or changes to, a valuation allowance associated with certain deferred tax assets, which could affect our estimates and effective income tax rate in a particular quarter or annual period. deferred tax liabilities and assets are determined based on the difference between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates expected to be in effect during the years in which the basis differences reverse. we are required to evaluate the recoverability of our deferred tax assets each quarter and establish a valuation allowance, if necessary, to reduce our deferred tax assets to an amount that is more-likely-than-not to be realizable. in determining the need for a valuation allowance, we consider many factors, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences and carryforwards, taxable income in prior carryback years and implementation of any feasible and prudent tax planning strategies management would employ to realize the tax benefit.
40
u.s. federal and state deferred income taxes have not been provided on approximately $1,004.6 million and $824.8 million of accumulated but undistributed earnings from operations of foreign subsidiaries at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. we do not record u.s. federal and state deferred income taxes on foreign earnings not expected to be distributed to the u.s. we apply an exception to the general rule, which under u.s. gaap otherwise requires the recording of u.s. deferred income taxes on the anticipated repatriation of foreign earnings as recognized for financial reporting purposes. the exception permits us to not record a u.s. deferred income tax liability on foreign earnings we expect to be indefinitely reinvested in our foreign operations. the related deferred income taxes will be recorded in the period it becomes apparent we can no longer positively assert some or all the undistributed earnings will remain invested into the foreseeable future.
inherent in the provision for income taxes are estimates and our expectations regarding the deductibility of certain items, the timing of income and expense recognition, future performance and the current or future realization of operating losses, capital losses and certain tax credits. we regularly evaluate the capital needs of our domestic and foreign operations considering all available information, including operating and capital plans, regulatory capital requirements, parent company financing and cash flow needs, as well as tax laws applicable to our domestic and foreign subsidiaries. in the event these estimates differ from our prior estimates due to the receipt of new information, we may be required to significantly change the provision for income taxes recorded in the consolidated financial statements. any such change could significantly affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements in the year these estimates change. a further significant decline in value of assets incorporated into our tax planning strategies could lead to an increase of our valuation allowance on deferred tax assets having an adverse effect on current and future results. in management's judgment, total deferred income tax assets are more-likely-than-not to be realized.
in addition, the amount of income taxes paid is subject to audits in the u.s. as well as various state and foreign jurisdictions. tax benefits are recognized for book purposes when the more-likely-than-not threshold is met with regard to the validity of an uncertain tax position. once this threshold is met, for each uncertain tax position we recognize in earnings the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement with the internal revenue service or other income taxing authorities for audits ongoing or not yet commenced.
we had $229.9 million and $298.3 million of current income tax receivables associated with outstanding audit issues reported as other assets in our consolidated statements of financial position as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. we believe that we have adequate defenses against, or sufficient provisions for, the contested issues, but final resolution of contested issues could take several years while legal remedies are pursued. consequently, we do not anticipate the ultimate resolution of audits ongoing or not yet commenced to have a material impact on our net income.
transactions affecting comparability of results of operations acquisitions we entered into acquisition agreements for the following businesses.
axa hong kong pension business.    on september 1, 2015, we finalized the purchase of axa's mpf and orso pension business in hong kong for $335.5 million. as part of the transaction, we entered into an exclusive 15-year distribution agreement with axa to provide co-branded pension products through axa's extensive agency network in hong kong. we more than doubled the aum in our hong kong pension business to $5.9 billion. axa's mpf and orso pension business is consolidated within our principal international segment.
columbus circle investors.    on september 30, 2014, we acquired an additional 24.65% interest in columbus circle investors from the minority shareholder partners and contracted to purchase the remaining interest from the minority shareholder partners in two installments. on april 28, 2015, we purchased an additional 2.5% interest. we now own 97.5% of columbus circle investors and are expected to purchase the remaining 2.5% from the minority shareholder partners in april 2016. columbus circle investors is consolidated within our principal global investors segment.
cuprum.    on february 4, 2013, we finalized the purchase of cuprum, a premier pension manager in chile. as a result of the public tender offer, we initially acquired a 91.55% ownership stake in cuprum for a purchase price of $1.3 billion. cuprum had $34.3 billion in aum at the time of acquisition and is consolidated within our principal international segment.
other actuarial assumption updates.    we periodically review and update actuarial assumptions that are inputs to the models for dac and other actuarial balances and make model refinements as necessary. during the third quarter of 2015, assumption updates and model refinements were made resulting in an unlocking of dac and other actuarial balances that increased total company net income by $26.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. the net positive segment pre-tax operating earnings impact was $48.1 million, which was comprised of $76.8 million for our u.s. insurance solutions segment and $(28.7) million for our retirement and income solutions segment for the year ended december 31, 2015.
during the third quarter of 2014, assumption updates and model refinements were made resulting in an unlocking of dac and other actuarial balances that increased total company net income by $45.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. the net positive segment pre-tax operating earnings impact was $62.6 million, which was comprised
41
of $60.0 million for our u.s. insurance solutions segment and $2.6 million for our retirement and income solutions segment for the year ended december 31, 2014.
our review and update of actuarial assumptions in 2013 did not result in a material impact to net income.
the individual life insurance business actuarial assumption updates and model refinements had the most significant impact and affected several line items within our income statement. the following table presents the increase (decrease) on the individual life insurance income statement line items for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014. the impact for the year ended december 31, 2013, was not material.

pre-tax operating earnings                 $64.6                  $60.0
fee revenues                                     (3.0   )           3.1
benefits, claims and settlement expenses        (43.5   )        (131.6   )
operating expenses                              (24.1   )          74.7
chilean legal entity merger.    in january 2015, we received regulatory approval and executed upon the merger of two of our chilean legal entities. as a result of the merger, we recognized a $105.2 million benefit in net income available to common stockholders in first quarter 2015 to reflect a change in deferred tax balances related to the merged entity.
liongate capital management llp and liongate limited.    on may 1, 2013, we finalized the purchase of a 55% interest in liongate capital management llp and liongate limited ("liongate"), a global alternative investment boutique based in london and new york. liongate is focused on managing portfolios of hedge funds. the purchase price was $44.0 million. liongate had $1.4 billion in aum at the time of acquisition and was accounted for on the equity method within our principal global investors segment. in the fourth quarter of 2014, we impaired our investment in liongate.
fluctuations in foreign currency to u.s. dollar exchange rates fluctuations in foreign currency to u.s. dollar exchange rates for countries in which we have operations can affect reported financial results. in years when foreign currencies weaken against the u.s. dollar, translating foreign currencies into u.s. dollars results in fewer u.s. dollars to be reported. when foreign currencies strengthen, translating foreign currencies into u.s. dollars results in more u.s. dollars to be reported.
foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations create variances in our financial statement line items. the most significant impact occurs within our principal international segment where pre-tax operating earnings were negatively impacted $69.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, as a result of fluctuations in foreign currency to u.s. dollar exchange rates. for a discussion of our approaches to managing foreign currency exchange rate risk, see item 7a. "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk — foreign currency risk."
stock-based compensation plans for information related to our stock-based compensation plans, see item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 17, stock-based compensation plans."
effects of inflation the impact of inflation has not had a material effect on our annual consolidated results of operations over the past three years. however, we may be materially affected by inflation in the future.
employee and agent benefits expense the 2015 annual defined benefit pension expense for substantially all of our employees and certain agents was $123.4 million pre-tax, which is a $38.4 million increase from the 2014 pre-tax pension expense of $85.0 million. this increase is due to a decrease in the discount rate from 4.90% for 2014 to 4.00% for 2015 and a change in the mortality assumptions. offsetting these increases were a better than expected asset return in 2014 and an increase in the expected long-term return on plan assets to 7.20% for 2015 from 6.75% used in 2014.
the 2016 annual defined benefit pension expense for substantially all of our employees and certain agents is expected to be $119.7 million pre-tax, which is a $3.7 million decrease from the 2015 pre-tax pension expense of $123.4 million. this decrease is due to an increase in the discount rate from 4.00% for 2015 to 4.50% for 2016, offset by less than expected investment returns in 2015. the expected long-term return on plan assets is 7.20% for 2016 and 2015.
the 2015 annual opeb plan income for employees and certain agents was $38.8 million pre-tax, which is a $9.5 million decrease from the 2014 pre-tax opeb income of $48.3 million. the 2015 income includes an expense of $5.8 million due to certain adjustments related to dental plan benefits during the fourth quarter. the weighted average expected long-term return on plan assets used to develop the income in 2015 was 5.36%, which was based on weighted average expected long-term asset returns for the medical, life and long-term care plan. the discount rate used to develop
42
the 2015 income decreased to 4.00%, down from 4.90% used in 2014. the mortality table was changed for the calculation of the opeb liabilities as well, but it had less impact than on pension expense.
the 2016 annual opeb plan income for employees and certain agents is expected to be $43.5 million pre-tax, which is a $4.7 million increase from the 2015 pre-tax opeb income of $38.8 million. the 2016 opeb plan income reflects a $15.5 million reduction in the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation due to a plan change in post-65 medical coverage for employees who retired from january 1, 1992 to december 31, 2010. the weighted average expected long-term return on plan assets used to develop the income in 2016 is 5.24%, which was based on weighted average expected long-term asset returns for the medical, life and long-term care plan. the discount rate used to develop the 2016 income increased to 4.15%, up from 4.00% used in 2015.
the mortality assumption model is the same for both 2015 and 2016 expense for all plans; however, 2016 reflects an update for 2 additional years of experience released by the social security administration in 2015, which caused virtually no change in any of the plans' expenses.
impact of low interest rate environment the exposure from the low interest rates is reflected in a reduction in the difference between the investment income we earn and the interest we credit to our customers. some of our products, primarily our fixed deferred annuity, general account group annuity and universal life insurance products, include guaranteed minimum interest rates. during periods of low or declining interest rates, borrowers may prepay or redeem mortgages and fixed maturities that are invested to support our product obligations, which would force us to reinvest the proceeds at lower interest rates. the resulting lower net investment income may make it more difficult for us to maintain our desired difference between the investment income we earn and the interest we credit to our customers and thereby reduce our profitability. see item 7a. "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk — interest rate risk" for a presentation of the differences between the interest rates being credited to contractholders and the respective guaranteed minimum interest rates within the retirement and income solutions and u.s. insurance solutions segments.
some of our universal life insurance contracts contain secondary guarantees, which keep the contract in force, even if the contractholder's account balance is insufficient to cover all of the contract charges, provided that the contractholder has continually paid a specified minimum premium. it is possible that more of these secondary guarantees could be triggered, possibly increasing our policyholder obligation and thereby reducing our profitability.
declining or low interest rates could impact the discount rate assumption used for the purposes of valuing reserves and our pension and opeb obligations. a decrease in the discount rate could result in higher reserves as well as unlocking of dac and other actuarial balances and an increase in the annual pension and opeb expense.
our expectation of egps is an important consideration in determining the amortization of dac and other actuarial balances. to the extent a low interest rate environment impacts our assumptions regarding future egps, an unlocking of dac and other actuarial balances could occur, decreasing net income.
lastly, lower net investment income could result in the establishment of a premium deficiency reserve for certain of our insurance products.
we anticipate that a sustained low interest rate environment would reduce the growth in net income.
recent accounting changes for recent accounting changes, see item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 1, nature of operations and significant accounting policies" under the caption, "recent accounting pronouncements."
43
results of operations the following table presents summary consolidated financial information for the years indicated:

revenues:
premiums and other considerations                                                                                                $5,310.3              $3,722.9              $3,154.1             $1,587.4                    $568.8
fees and other revenues                                                                                                                  3,653.1               3,482.1              3,222.2       171.0                        259.9
net investment income                                                                                                                    3,052.1               3,257.9              3,138.4               (205.8   )           119.5
net realized capital gains (losses), excluding impairment losses on available-for-sale securities                                          (20.9   )   92.7                          (109.2   )           (113.6   )           201.9
net other-than-temporary impairment (losses) recoveries on available-for-sale securities                                                    (0.8   )   23.8                           (91.5   )            (24.6   )           115.3
other-than-temporary impairment losses on fixed maturities available-for-sale reclassified from other comprehensive income                 (29.4   )            (101.8   )            (24.5   )   72.4                         (77.3   )
net impairment losses on available-for-sale securities                                                                                     (30.2   )             (78.0   )           (116.0   )   47.8                          38.0
net realized capital gains (losses)                                                                                                        (51.1   )   14.7                          (225.2   )            (65.8   )           239.9
total revenues                                                                                                                          11,964.4              10,477.6              9,289.5              1,486.8             1,188.1
expenses:
benefits, claims and settlement expenses                                                                                                 6,697.7               5,231.0              4,683.6              1,466.7               547.4
dividends to policyholders                                                                                                       163.5                 177.4                 189.0                         (13.9   )           (11.6   )
operating expenses                                                                                                                       3,672.4               3,574.3              3,292.9       98.1                         281.4
total expenses                                                                                                                          10,533.6               8,982.7              8,165.5              1,550.9               817.2
income before income taxes                                                                                                               1,430.8               1,494.9              1,124.0                (64.1   )           370.9
income taxes                                                                                                                     177.6                 318.5                 187.9                        (140.9   )           130.6
net income                                                                                                                               1,253.2               1,176.4       936.1                76.8                         240.3
net income attributable to noncontrolling interest                                                                               19.2                  32.3                  23.4                          (13.1   )             8.9
net income attributable to principal financial group, inc.                                                                               1,234.0               1,144.1       912.7                89.9                         231.4
less:
preferred stock dividends                                                                                                        16.5                  33.0                  33.0                          (16.5   )               —
excess of redemption value over carrying value of preferred shares                                                               8.2                                 —                    —       8.2                              —
redeemed net income available to common stockholders                                                                                      $1,209.3              $1,111.1              $879.7               $98.2                       $231.4
year ended december 31, 2015 compared to year ended december 31, 2014
net income available to common stockholders net income available to common stockholders increased primarily due to a change in deferred tax balances related to the merger of two of our chilean legal entities, partially offset by net realized capital losses in 2015 as compared to net realized capital gains in 2014 primarily due to decreased gains on sales of real estate investments and joint venture real estate and a write-off of unamortized book value on corporate owned real estate in 2015. this was partially offset by an impairment of liongate, an equity method investment, in 2014.
total revenues premiums increased $1,426.9 million for the retirement and income solutions segment primarily due to higher sales of single premium group and individual annuities with life contingencies. the single premium group product, which is typically used to fund defined benefit plan terminations, can generate large premiums from very few customers and therefore premiums tend to vary from period to period.
fee revenues increased $88.5 million for the principal global investors segment primarily due to higher management fee revenue as a result of increased aum. fee revenues increased $52.9 million for the corporate segment primarily due to income on a tax indemnification.
net investment income decreased primarily due to lower investment yields and prepayments on invested assets and cash in our u.s. operations. in addition, net investment income decreased due to the weakening of the latin american currencies against the u.s. dollar, lower inflation-based investment returns on average invested assets and cash as a result of lower inflation in chile and unfavorable market changes on our required regulatory investment in the pension funds of our chilean pension company. for additional information, see "investments — investment results."
net realized capital gains (losses) can be volatile due to other-than-temporary impairments of invested assets, mark-to-market adjustments of certain invested assets and our decision to sell invested assets. we had net realized capital
44
losses in 2015 as compared to net realized capital gains in 2014 primarily due to decreased gains on sales of real estate investments and joint venture real estate, write-off of unamortized book value on corporate owned real estate in 2015 and increased losses on derivatives not designated as hedging instruments. this was partially offset by an impairment of liongate, an equity method investment, in 2014. for additional information, see "investments — investment results."
total expenses benefits, claims and settlement expenses increased $1,391.5 million for the retirement and income solutions segment primarily due to an increase in reserves resulting from higher sales of single premium group and individual annuities with life contingencies.
operating expenses increased $64.5 million for the retirement and income solutions segment primarily due to an unfavorable dac unlocking associated with the review and update of our actuarial assumptions in 2015 and an increase in staff related costs including pension and opeb. operating expenses increased $48.1 million for the principal global investors segment primarily due to expenses supporting growth in the business.
income taxes the effective income tax rates were 12% and 21% for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. the effective income tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2015, was lower than the u.s. statutory rate of 35% ("u.s. statutory rate") primarily due to income tax deductions allowed for corporate dividends received, a change in deferred tax balances related to the merger of two of our chilean legal entities and the presentation of taxes on our share of earnings generated from equity method investments reflected in net investment income, partially offset by the negative impact of a court ruling on some uncertain tax positions. the effective income tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2014, was lower than the u.s. statutory rate primarily due to income tax deductions allowed for corporate dividends received, the presentation of taxes on our share of earnings generated from equity method investments reflected in net investment income and tax credits, partially offset by an increase in net deferred tax liabilities resulting from the third quarter 2014 enactment of tax legislation in chile. the effective income tax rate decreased to 12% from 21% for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, primarily due to a change in deferred tax balances related to the merger of two of our chilean legal entities, a change in net deferred tax liabilities resulting from the third quarter 2014 enactment of tax legislation in chile not replicated in 2015, partially offset by the negative impact of a court ruling on some uncertain tax positions.
year ended december 31, 2014 compared to year ended december 31, 2013
net income available to common stockholders net income available to common stockholders increased primarily due to double digit earnings growth in all of the segments, lower net realized capital losses associated with derivatives not designated as hedging instruments and gains on fixed maturities. these increases were partially offset by an increase in net deferred tax liabilities resulting from the third quarter 2014 enactment of tax legislation in chile and the impact of a court ruling on some uncertain tax positions in the second quarter of 2014.
total revenues premiums increased $539.0 million for the retirement and income solutions segment primarily due to higher sales of single premium group and individual annuities with life contingencies.
fee revenues increased $138.6 million for the retirement and income solutions segment primarily due to higher fees stemming from an increase in average account values, which resulted from positive equity market performance and growth in the business. fee revenue increased $74.4 million for the principal global investors segment primarily due to higher management fee revenue due to increased aum. the increase in management fee revenue was partially offset by a decrease in performance fees primarily seen in alternative strategies.
net investment income increased due to higher inflation-based investment returns on average invested assets and cash as a result of higher inflation in chile and favorable market changes on our required regulatory investment in the pension funds of our chilean pension company. these increases were partially offset by the weakening of the chilean peso against the u.s. dollar and lower yields on average invested assets and cash in our u.s. operations. for additional information, see "investments — investment results."
net realized capital gains (losses) can be volatile due to other-than-temporary impairments of invested assets, mark-to-market adjustments of certain invested assets and our decision to sell invested assets. net realized capital gains (losses) improved due to lower losses on derivatives not designated as hedging instruments and gains on fixed maturities. for additional information, see "investments — investment results."
45
total expenses benefits, claims and settlement expenses increased $463.5 million for the retirement and income solutions segment primarily due to an increase in reserves resulting from higher sales of single premium group and individual annuities with life contingencies.
operating expenses increased $115.0 million for the u.s. insurance solutions segment primarily due to dac unlocking associated with actuarial model and assumption updates in 2014. operating expenses increased $113.2 million for the retirement and income solutions segment primarily due to higher sub-advisory fee costs stemming from an increase in average account values, which resulted from positive equity market performance, an increase in non-deferrable distribution costs and an increase in dac amortization related to individual annuities.
income taxes the effective income tax rates were 21% and 17% for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the effective income tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2014 was lower than the u.s. statutory rate primarily due to income tax deductions allowed for corporate dividends received, the presentation of taxes on our share of earnings generated from equity method investments reflected in net investment income and tax credits, partially offset by an increase in net deferred tax liabilities resulting from the third quarter 2014 enactment of tax legislation in chile. the effective income tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2013, was lower than the u.s. statutory rate primarily due to income tax deductions allowed for corporate dividends received, the presentation of taxes on our share of earnings generated from equity method investments in net investment income and lower tax rates of foreign jurisdictions. the effective income tax rate increased to 21% from 17% for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, primarily due to an increase in net deferred tax liabilities resulting from the third quarter 2014 enactment of tax legislation in chile.
results of operations by segment for results of operations by segment see item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 16, segment information."
retirement and income solutions segment retirement and income solutions trends several key factors impact revenue and earnings growth in the retirement and income solutions segment. these factors include: the ability of our distribution channels to generate new sales and retain existing business; pricing decisions that take account of competitive conditions, persistency, investment returns, mortality trends, and operating expense levels; investment management performance; equity market returns and interest rate changes. profitability ultimately depends on our ability to price products and invest assets at a level that enables us to earn a margin over the cost of providing benefits and the expense of acquiring and administering those products.
net revenue is a key metric used to understand retirement and income solutions earnings growth. net revenue is defined as operating revenues less benefits, claims and settlement expenses less dividends to policyholders. net revenue from retirement and income solutions — fee is primarily fee based and is impacted by changes in the equity markets. net revenue from retirement and income solutions — spread is driven by the difference between investment income earned on the underlying general account assets and the interest rate credited to the contracts. retirement and income solutions — fee net revenue has grown due to improvement in the equity markets as well as growth in the block of business. retirement and income solutions — spread net revenue has decreased due to a decline in variable investment income.
the following table presents the retirement and income solutions segment net revenue for the years indicated:

net revenue:
retirement and income solutions — fee          $1,573.5          $1,563.7          $1,388.8          $9.8              $174.9
retirement and income solutions — spread       437.6             470.2             496.4                   (32.6   )         (26.2   )
total retirement and income solutions          $2,011.1          $2,033.9          $1,885.2          $(22.8        )   $148.7
46
retirement and income solutions segment summary financial data the following table presents certain summary financial data relating to the retirement and income solutions segment for the years indicated:

operating revenues:
premiums and other considerations                                                    $3,011.4             $1,584.5             $1,045.5             $1,426.9             $539.0
fees and other revenues                                                                     1,338.8              1,309.7              1,171.1       29.1                 138.6
net investment income                                                                       1,816.7              1,905.5              1,995.9              (88.8     )         (90.4   )
total operating revenues                                                                    6,166.9              4,799.7              4,212.5              1,367.2       587.2
expenses:
benefits, claims and settlement expenses, including dividends to policyholders              4,155.8              2,765.8              2,327.3              1,390.0       438.5
operating expenses                                                                          1,271.0              1,182.7              1,132.7       88.3                 50.0
total expenses                                                                              5,426.8              3,948.5              3,460.0              1,478.3       488.5
pre-tax operating earnings                                                           $740.1               $851.2               $752.5               $(111.1          )   $98.7
year ended december 31, 2015 compared to year ended december 31, 2014
pre-tax operating earnings pre-tax operating earnings decreased $85.0 million in our fee business primarily due to an unfavorable dac unlocking associated with the review and update of our actuarial assumptions in 2015 and an increase in staff related costs including pension and opeb. pre-tax operating earnings decreased $26.1 million in our spread business primarily due to a decrease in variable investment income resulting from a decline in loan prepayment activity and associated fees.
net revenue net revenue decreased $32.6 million in our spread business primarily due to a decrease in variable investment income resulting from a decline in loan prepayment activity and associated fees. net revenue increased $9.8 million in our fee business primarily due to higher fees stemming from growth in the business and an increase in average account values.
operating expenses operating expenses increased $94.8 million in our fee business primarily due to an unfavorable dac unlocking associated with the review and update of our actuarial assumptions in 2015 and an increase in staff related costs including pension and opeb.
year ended december 31, 2014 compared to year ended december 31, 2013
pre-tax operating earnings pre-tax operating earnings increased $127.5 million in our fee business primarily due to higher fees stemming from an increase in average account values, which resulted from positive equity market performance and growth in the business. pre-tax operating earnings decreased $28.8 million in our spread business primarily due to a decrease in net interest margin.
net revenue net revenue increased $174.9 million in our fee business primarily due to higher fees stemming from an increase in average account values, which resulted from positive equity market performance and growth in the business.
operating expenses operating expenses increased $47.4 million in our fee business primarily due to higher sub-advisory fee costs stemming from an increase in average account values, which resulted from positive equity market performance, an increase in non-deferrable distribution costs and an increase in dac amortization related to individual variable annuities.
47
principal global investors segment principal global investors trends our overall aum increased $18.1 billion in 2015 due to continued strong portfolio management as well as positive net cash flows resulting from strong distribution results. we also continue to expand our global presence and experience success in winning institutional asset management mandates and other deposits.
the following table provides a summary of principal global investors' affiliated, institutional and retail aum as of the years indicated:

december 31, 2015      $164.0     122.0     $74.8      $360.8
december 31, 2014       157.5     114.0      71.2       342.7
december 31, 2013       147.6     109.4      61.8       318.8
principal global investors segment summary financial data aum is a key indicator of earnings growth for the principal global investors segment, as aum is the base by which we generate revenues. net cash flow and market performance are the two main drivers of aum growth. net cash flow reflects our ability to attract and retain client deposits. market performance reflects equity, fixed income, real estate and other alternative investment market performance. the percentage growth in revenues of the segment will generally track with the percentage growth in aum. this trend may vary due to changes in business and/or product mix.
the following table presents the aum rollforward for assets managed by principal global investors for the periods indicated:

aum, beginning of period            $342.7       $318.8           $283.7
net cash flow (1)                     15.5       6.4              7.6
investment performance (2)             0.6       19.9             29.2
other (3)                              0.1             (2.4   )         (3.1   )
operations acquired (4)                1.9             —          1.4
aum, end of period                  $360.8       $342.7           $318.8
(1)
positive net cash flows are primarily due to continued strong distribution results.
(2)
variations in investment performance are primarily the result of fluctuations in market performance over time.
(3)
primarily reflects the transfer of assets between managers and the effect of exchange rates in 2014 and the transfer of cash needed for the cuprum acquisition in 2013.
(4)
reflects assets managed by principal global investors resulting from the acquisition of axa's mpf and orso pension business in september 2015 and the acquisition of liongate in may 2013.
the following table presents certain summary financial data relating to the principal global investors segment for the years indicated:

operating revenues:
fees and other revenues                                                  $1,335.4             $1,246.9             $1,172.5             $88.5           $74.4
net investment income                                                    8.1                  10.5                 17.2                      (2.4   )        (6.7   )
total operating revenues                                                        1,343.5              1,257.4              1,189.7       86.1            67.7
expenses:
total expenses                                                           950.6                894.9                883.5                55.7            11.4
pre-tax operating earnings attributable to noncontrolling interest       4.4                  12.4                 16.6                      (8.0   )        (4.2   )
pre-tax operating earnings                                               $388.5               $350.1               $289.6               $38.4           $60.5
48
year ended december 31, 2015 compared to year ended december 31, 2014
pre-tax operating earnings pre-tax operating earnings increased due to higher management fee revenue as a result of increased aum, performance fees realized in our real estate business and our increased ownership in columbus circle investors. these increases were partially offset by increased expenses to support our business.
year ended december 31, 2014 compared to year ended december 31, 2013
pre-tax operating earnings pre-tax operating earnings increased due to higher management fee revenue as a result of increased aum as well as our increased ownership in columbus circle investors. these increases were partially offset by a decrease in performance fees primarily in our alternative strategies as well as expense increases to support our business.
principal international segment principal international trends our principal international businesses focus on countries with growing middle classes, favorable demographics and increasing long-term savings, ideally with defined contribution retirement markets. with variations depending upon the specific country, we have targeted these markets for sales of retirement and related products and services, including mutual funds, asset management, income annuities and life insurance accumulation products to businesses and individuals.
we have pursued our international strategy through a combination of acquisitions, start-up operations and joint ventures, which require infusions of capital consistent with our strategy of long-term growth and profitability.
principal international segment summary financial data aum is generally a key indicator of earnings growth for the segment, as aum is the base by which we can generate local currency profits. the cuprum business in chile differs in that the majority of fees are collected with each deposit by the mandatory retirement customers, based on a capped salary level, as opposed to asset levels. net customer cash flow and market performance are the two main drivers of local currency aum growth. net customer cash flow reflects our ability to attract and retain client deposits. market performance reflects the investment returns on our underlying aum. our financial results are also impacted by fluctuations of the foreign currency to u.s. dollar exchange rates for the countries in which we have business. aum of our foreign subsidiaries is translated into u.s. dollar equivalents at the end of the reporting period using the spot foreign exchange rates. revenue and expenses for our foreign subsidiaries are translated into u.s. dollar equivalents at the average foreign exchange rates for the reporting period.
the following table presents the principal international segment aum rollforward for the years indicated:

aum, beginning of period              $114.6       $104.5            $69.3
net cash flow (1)                        9.3       13.1              8.5
investment performance (2)               7.7       11.0              3.6
operations acquired (3)                  4.0             —           34.3
effect of exchange rates               (27.3   )         (13.5   )         (11.1   )
other (4)                                1.6             (0.5    )          (0.1   )
aum, end of period                    $109.9       $114.6            $104.5
(1)
positive net cash flows are primarily due to continued strong distribution results.
(2)
variations in investment performance are primarily the result of fluctuations in market performance over time.
(3)
reflects the acquisition of axa's mpf and orso pension business in september 2015, finansa asset management limited in january 2015 and cuprum in february 2013.
(4)
includes $1.9 billion transfer of cimb-principal islamic asset management sdn. bhd from principal global investors in april 2015.
net revenue is a key metric used to understand the earnings growth for the principal international segment. the following table presents the net revenue of the principal international segment for the years indicated.

net revenue      $655.6      $717.0   $633.8      $(61.4      )   $83.2
49
net revenue decreased in 2015 as compared to 2014 primarily due to the weakening of the latin american currencies against the u.s. dollar partially offset by higher earnings in our equity method investment in brazil. net revenue increased in 2014 as compared to 2013 primarily due to the acquisition and growth of our chilean pension company and favorable market changes on our required regulatory investment in the pension funds in chile. these increases were partially offset by the weakening of the chilean peso against the u.s. dollar.
the following table presents certain summary financial data relating to the principal international segment for the years indicated:

operating revenues:
premiums and other considerations                                                        $252.9              $225.7              $291.6       $27.2              $(65.9       )
fees and other revenues                                                                   401.8               438.9               404.4             (37.1    )   34.5
net investment income                                                                     565.9               665.2               505.2             (99.3    )   160.0
total operating revenues                                                                1,220.6             1,329.8             1,201.2             (109.2   )   128.6
expenses:
benefits, claims and settlement expenses                                                  565.0               612.8               567.4             (47.8    )   45.4
operating expenses                                                                        387.6               361.8               333.9       25.8               27.9
total expenses                                                                            952.6               974.6               901.3             (22.0    )   73.3
pre-tax operating earnings (losses) attributable to noncontrolling interest                (3.3   )             2.5                 5.5             (5.8     )         (3.0   )
pre-tax operating earnings                                                               $271.3              $352.7              $294.4       $(81.4         )   $58.3
year ended december 31, 2015 compared to year ended december 31, 2014
pre-tax operating earnings pre-tax operating earnings decreased primarily due to the weakening of the latin american currencies against the u.s. dollar, unfavorable market changes on our required regulatory investment in the pension funds of our chilean pension company and the intangible asset impairments in our mutual fund company in brazil in third quarter 2015. these were partially offset by higher earnings in our equity method investments in brazil and china.
operating revenues premiums increased primarily due to higher sales of single premium annuities with life contingencies in chile partially offset by the weakening of the chilean peso against the u.s. dollar.
fees and other revenues decreased primarily due to the weakening of the latin american currencies against the u.s. dollar. this decrease was partially offset by higher fees from higher average aum in hong kong following the axa acquisition in september 2015 and in chile.
net investment income decreased primarily due to the weakening of the latin american currencies against the u.s. dollar, lower inflation-based investment returns on average invested assets and cash as a result of lower inflation in chile and unfavorable market changes on our required regulatory investment in the pension funds of our chilean pension company. these were partially offset by higher earnings in our equity method investments in brazil and china and higher investment income in hong kong following the axa acquisition in september 2015.
total expenses benefits, claims and settlement expenses decreased in chile primarily due to the weakening of the chilean peso against the u.s. dollar and a decrease in the change in reserves due to lower inflation-based interest crediting rates to customers. these decreases were partially offset by higher sales of single premium annuities with life contingencies.
operating expenses increased primarily due to the intangible asset impairments in our mutual fund company in brazil in third quarter 2015.
year ended december 31, 2014 compared to year ended december 31, 2013
pre-tax operating earnings pre-tax operating earnings increased primarily due to the acquisition and growth of our chilean pension company and favorable market changes on our required regulatory investment in the pension funds of our chilean pension company. these increases were partially offset by the weakening of the chilean peso against the u.s. dollar.
50
operating revenues premiums decreased in chile primarily due to the weakening of the chilean peso against the u.s. dollar and lower sales of single premium annuities with life contingencies.
fees and other revenues increased primarily due to the acquisition and growth of our pension company in chile partially offset by the weakening of the chilean peso against the u.s. dollar.
net investment income increased primarily due to the higher inflation-based investment returns on average invested assets and cash as a result of higher inflation in chile and favorable market changes on our required regulatory investment in the pension funds of our chilean pension company partially offset by the weakening of the chilean peso against the u.s. dollar.
total expenses benefits, claims and settlement expenses increased in chile primarily due to higher inflation-based interest crediting rates to customers partially offset by lower sales of single premium annuities with life contingencies and the weakening of the chilean peso against the u.s. dollar.
operating expenses increased primarily due to the acquisition and growth of our chilean pension company and higher principal international infrastructure costs partially offset by the weakening of the chilean peso against the u.s. dollar.
u.s. insurance solutions segment several key drivers impact earnings growth in the u.s. insurance solutions segment. the ability of our distribution channels to generate new sales and retain existing business drives growth in our premium and fees. our earnings growth also depends on our ability to price our products at a level that enables us to earn a margin over the cost of providing benefits and the expense of acquiring and administering those products. factors impacting pricing decisions include competitive conditions, economic trends, persistency, our ability to assess and manage trends in mortality and morbidity and our ability to manage operating expenses.
u.s. insurance solutions insurance trends premium and fees are a key metric for growth in the u.s. insurance solutions segment. we receive premiums on our specialty benefits insurance products as well as our traditional life insurance products. fees are generated from our specialty benefits fee-for-service products as well as our universal life and variable universal life insurance products.
premium and fees are influenced by economic, industry and regulatory trends. in our specialty benefits insurance business, premium and fees growth is a result of strong sales and retention, as well as continued in-group growth. in our individual life insurance business, we have intentionally decreased sales of certain interest sensitive products in favor of more traditional products due to the low interest rate environment.
the following table presents the u.s. insurance solutions segment premium and fees for the years indicated:

premium and fees:
specialty benefits insurance      $1,732.6      $1,591.4      $1,492.7   $141.2      $98.7
individual life insurance            966.1         935.7         907.1   30.4        28.6
51
u.s. insurance solutions segment summary financial data the following table presents certain summary financial data relating to the u.s. insurance solutions segment for the years indicated:

operating revenues:
premiums and other considerations                  $2,045.9             $1,913.8             $1,816.5             $132.1            $97.3
fees and other revenues (1)                        652.6                613.1                583.1                39.5              30.0
net investment income                              742.1                735.7                706.8                6.4               28.9
total operating revenues                                  3,440.6              3,262.6              3,106.4       178.0             156.2
expenses:
benefits, claims and settlement expenses (1)              1,964.1              1,842.9              1,836.2       121.2             6.7
dividends to policyholders                         163.2                176.2                187.5                      (13.0   )        (11.3   )
operating expenses (1)                             883.8                899.4                792.1                      (15.6   )   107.3
total expenses                                            3,011.1              2,918.5              2,815.8       92.6              102.7
pre-tax operating earnings (1)                     $429.5               $344.1               $290.6               $85.4             $53.5
(1)
for further details related to the impact associated with actuarial assumption updates and model refinements on results for 2015 and 2014, see "transactions affecting comparability of results of operations — actuarial assumption updates."
year ended december 31, 2015 compared to year ended december 31, 2014
pre-tax operating earnings pre-tax operating earnings increased $44.2 million in our individual life insurance business primarily due to improved mortality and a more favorable impact from unlocking associated with assumption updates and model refinements in 2015 than in 2014. pre-tax operating earnings increased $41.2 million in our specialty benefits insurance business primarily due to more favorable claim experience, growth, a favorable impact from assumption updates and model refinements and the recovery of reinsurance premiums. these increases were partially offset by higher sales related expenses and staff related costs, including pension and opeb.
operating revenues premium and fees increased $141.2 million in our specialty benefits insurance business primarily due to growth in the business and the recovery of reinsurance premiums, partially offset by an unfavorable impact from assumption updates and model refinements.
total expenses benefits, claims and settlement expenses increased $81.7 million in our individual life insurance business primarily due to a less favorable impact from unlocking associated with assumption updates and model refinements in 2015 than in 2014, which was partially offset by improved mortality. benefits, claims and settlement expenses increased $39.5 million in our specialty benefits insurance business primarily due to growth in the business, which was partially offset by more favorable claim experience and a favorable impact from assumption updates and model refinements.
operating expenses decreased $75.9 million in our individual life insurance business primarily due to a more favorable impact from unlocking associated with assumption updates and model refinements in 2015 than in 2014, which was partially offset by higher expenses related to growth in the business. operating expenses increased $60.3 million in our specialty benefits insurance business primarily due to growth in the business, higher staff related costs, including pension and opeb and reimbursement of a reinsurance expense allowance.
year ended december 31, 2014 compared to year ended december 31, 2013
pre-tax operating earnings pre-tax operating earnings increased $36.1 million in our individual life insurance business primarily due to favorable unlocking associated with actuarial model and assumption updates in 2014 and higher prepayment fees, partially offset by higher mortality. pre-tax operating earnings increased $17.4 million in our specialty benefits insurance business primarily due to growth in the business and lower frequency and severity of dental claims.
operating revenues premiums and fees increased $98.7 million in our specialty benefits insurance business primarily due to growth as a result of strong sales and retention, as well as improving employment and salary trends. premiums and fees increased $28.6 million in our individual life insurance business primarily due to strong sales and retention.
52
net investment income increased due to an increase in average invested assets and higher prepayment fees.
total expenses benefits, claims and settlement expenses increased $61.4 million in our specialty benefits insurance business primarily due to growth in the business partially offset by lower frequency and severity of dental claims. benefits, claims and settlement expenses decreased $54.7 million in our individual life insurance business primarily due to favorable unlocking associated with actuarial model and assumption updates in 2014, partially offset by higher mortality and growth in the business.
operating expenses increased $82.6 million in our individual life insurance business primarily due to dac unlocking associated with actuarial model and assumption updates in 2014. operating expenses increased $24.7 million in our specialty benefits insurance business primarily due to growth in the business.
corporate segment corporate segment summary financial data the following table presents certain summary financial data relating to the corporate segment for the years indicated:

operating revenues:
total operating revenues                                                 $(50.5      )   $(40.3      )   $(51.2      )   $(10.2        )   $10.9
expenses:
total expenses                                                           134.7           117.2           140.8           17.5                   (23.6   )
pre-tax operating earnings attributable to noncontrolling interest       7.1             17.5            1.1                   (10.4   )   16.4
pre-tax operating losses                                                 $(192.3     )   $(175.0     )   $(193.1     )   $(17.3        )   $18.1
year ended december 31, 2015 compared to year ended december 31, 2014
pre-tax operating losses pre-tax operating losses increased primarily due to higher interest expense associated with the debt issuances that occurred in the second quarter of 2015.
year ended december 31, 2014 compared to year ended december 31, 2013
pre-tax operating losses pre-tax operating losses decreased primarily due to lower interest expense on corporate debt and litigation settlement expenses in 2013.
liquidity and capital resources liquidity and capital resources represent the overall strength of a company and its ability to generate strong cash flows, borrow funds at a competitive rate and raise new capital to meet operating and growth needs. our legal entity structure has an impact on our ability to meet cash flow needs as an organization. following is a simplified organizational structure.
53
liquidity our liquidity requirements have been and will continue to be met by funds from consolidated operations as well as the issuance of commercial paper, common stock, debt or other capital securities and borrowings from credit facilities. we believe that cash flows from these sources are sufficient to satisfy the current liquidity requirements of our operations, including reasonably foreseeable contingencies.
we maintain a level of cash and securities which, combined with expected cash inflows from investments and operations, is believed to be adequate to meet anticipated short-term and long-term payment obligations. we will continue our prudent capital management practice of regularly exploring options available to us to maximize capital flexibility, including accessing the capital markets and careful attention to and management of expenses.
we perform rigorous liquidity stress testing to ensure our asset portfolio includes sufficient high quality liquid assets that could be utilized to bolster our liquidity position under increasingly stressed market conditions. these assets could be utilized as collateral for secured borrowing transactions with various third parties or by selling the securities in the open market if needed.
we also manage liquidity risk by limiting the sales of liabilities with features such as puts or other options that can be exercised against the company at inopportune times. for example, as of december 31, 2015, approximately $8.4 billion, or 99%, of our institutional guaranteed investment contracts and funding agreements cannot be redeemed by contractholders prior to maturity. our individual annuity liabilities also contain surrender charges and other provisions limiting early surrenders.
the following table summarizes the withdrawal characteristics of our domestic general account investment contracts as of december 31, 2015.

not subject to discretionary withdrawal                       $9,360.7             33.2      %
subject to discretionary withdrawal with adjustments:
specified surrender charges                                          6,303.5       22.3
market value adjustments                                             5,530.7       19.6
subject to discretionary withdrawal without adjustments              7,035.3       24.9
total domestic investment contracts                           $28,230.2            100.0     %
universal life insurance and certain traditional life insurance policies are also subject to discretionary withdrawals by policyholders. however, life insurance policies tend to be less susceptible to withdrawal than our investment contracts because policyholders may be subject to a new underwriting process in order to obtain a new life insurance policy. in addition, our life insurance liabilities include surrender charges to discourage early surrenders.
as of both december 31, 2015 and 2014, we had short-term credit facilities with various financial institutions in an aggregate amount of $1,005.0 million. as of december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014, we had $181.1 million and $28.0 million, respectively, of outstanding borrowings, with no assets pledged as support as of december 31, 2015. during the first quarter of 2015, we extended or renewed $900.0 million of our revolving credit facilities. the facilities and their new maturity dates include a $400.0 million 5-year facility with pfg, pfs and principal life as co-borrowers that matures march 2020; a $300.0 million 364-day facility with principal life as borrower that matures march 2016; and a $200.0 million 3-year credit facility with pfg, pfs, principal life and principal financial services v (uk) ltd as co-borrowers, maturing march 2020. the revolving credit facilities are committed and provide 100% back-stop support for our commercial paper program. the $300.0 million and the $400.0 million facilities are supported by sixteen banks and the $200.0 million facility is supported by fifteen banks, most of which have other relationships with us. in addition to the revolving credit facilities, principal international chile has the capacity to access up to $60.0 million in unsecured lines of credit offered by chilean financial institutions and principal life has a $45.0 million unsecured line of credit. due to the financial strength and the strong relationships we have with these providers, we are comfortable there is a very low risk the financial institutions would be unable or unwilling to fund these facilities.
the holding companies: principal financial group, inc. and principal financial services, inc.    the principal sources of funds available to our parent holding company, pfg, to meet its obligations, including the payments of dividends on common stock, debt service and the repurchase of stock, are dividends from subsidiaries as well as its ability to borrow funds at competitive rates and raise capital to meet operating and growth needs. the declaration and payment of common stock dividends by us is subject to the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our overall financial condition, results of operations, capital levels, cash requirements, future prospects, receipt of dividends from principal life (as described below), risk management considerations and other factors deemed relevant by the board. no significant restrictions limit the payment of dividends by pfg, except those generally applicable to corporations incorporated in delaware. dividends from principal life, our primary subsidiary, are limited by iowa law.
under iowa law, principal life may pay dividends only from the earned surplus arising from its business and must receive the prior approval of the insurance commissioner of the state of iowa ("the commissioner") to pay stockholder dividends or make any other distribution if such distributions would exceed certain statutory limitations. iowa law gives the commissioner discretion to disapprove requests for distributions in excess of these limits. extraordinary dividends
54
include those made within the preceding twelve months that exceed the greater of (i) 10% of principal life's statutory policyholder surplus as of the previous year-end or (ii) the statutory net gain from operations from the previous calendar year. based on december 31, 2015 statutory results, the dividend limitation for principal life is approximately $937.0 million in 2016.
in 2015, total stockholder dividends paid by principal life to its parent were $504.4 million, all of which were extraordinary and approved by the commissioner. as of december 31, 2015, we had $930.0 million of cash and liquid assets held in our holding companies and other subsidiaries, which is available for corporate purposes. corporate balances held in foreign holding companies meet the indefinite reinvestment exception (see item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 10, income taxes") such that deferred income taxes are not provided as the accumulated earnings would be used offshore and not otherwise repatriated to the u.s.
in 2014, total stockholder dividends paid by principal life to its parent were $850.0 million, of which $400.0 million was extraordinary and was approved by the commissioner.
in 2013, principal life distributed paid-in and contributed surplus in the amount of $150.0 million to its parent, which was extraordinary and was approved by the commissioner. in addition, total stockholder dividends paid by principal life to its parent were $80.0 million, which were extraordinary and were approved by the commissioner.
operations.    our primary consolidated cash flow sources are premiums from insurance products, pension and annuity deposits, asset management fee revenues, administrative services fee revenues, income from investments and proceeds from the sales or maturity of investments. cash outflows consist primarily of payment of benefits to policyholders and beneficiaries, income and other taxes, current operating expenses, payment of dividends to policyholders, payments in connection with investments acquired, payments made to acquire subsidiaries, payments relating to policy and contract surrenders, withdrawals, policy loans, interest payments and repayment of short-term debt and long-term debt. our investment strategies are generally intended to provide adequate funds to pay benefits without forced sales of investments. for a discussion of our investment objectives, strategies and a discussion of duration matching, see "investments" as well as item 7a. "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk — interest rate risk."
cash flows.    activity, as reported in our consolidated statements of cash flows, provides relevant information regarding our sources and uses of cash. the following discussion of our operating, investing and financing portions of the cash flows excludes cash flows attributable to the separate accounts.
net cash provided by operating activities was $4,377.1 million, $3,102.9 million and $2,221.2 for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. our insurance business typically generates positive cash flows from operating activities, as premiums collected from our insurance products and income received from our investments exceed acquisition costs, benefits paid, redemptions and operating expenses. these positive cash flows are then invested to support the obligations of our insurance and investment products and required capital supporting these products. our cash flows from operating activities are affected by the timing of premiums, fees and investment income received and benefits and expenses paid. the increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2015 compared to 2014 was primarily due to growth in the business including higher sales of single premium group annuities and individual annuities with life contingencies. the increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2014 compared to 2013 was primarily due to growth in the business, fluctuations in receivables and payables associated with the timing of settlements as well as sales of certain real estate.
net cash used in investing activities was $3,167.6 million, $1,172.7 million and $1,226.3 million for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. cash used in investing activities in 2015 compared to 2014 increased due to higher net purchases of fixed maturity securities and the acquisition of axa's mpf and orso pension business in hong kong in 2015. cash used in investing activities in 2014 compared to 2013 was relatively flat as increased net purchases of investments in 2014 primarily offset the first quarter 2013 acquisition of cuprum.
net cash used in financing activities was $508.6 million, $2,438.1 million and $2,800.3 million for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the decrease in cash used in financing activities in 2015 compared to 2014 was the result of the issuance of long-term debt in 2015 and decreased net withdrawals of investment contracts. the proceeds of the debt issuance were primarily used for the redemption of preferred stock in 2015. the decrease in cash used in financing activities in 2014 compared to 2013 was primarily due to fewer net withdrawals of investment contracts. cash used in financing activities increased in 2014 compared to 2013 for cash used to acquire noncontrolling interests in columbus circle investors and cuprum, treasury stock acquired and dividends to common stockholders.
shelf registration.    on may 7, 2014, our shelf registration statement was filed with the sec and became effective. the shelf registration replaces the shelf registration that had been in effect since may 2011. under our current shelf registration, we have the ability to issue in unlimited amounts, unsecured senior debt securities or subordinated debt securities, junior subordinated debt, preferred stock, common stock, warrants, depository shares, stock purchase contracts and stock purchase units of pfg, trust preferred securities of three subsidiary trusts and guarantees by pfg of these trust preferred securities. our wholly owned subsidiary, pfs, may guarantee, fully and unconditionally or otherwise, our obligations with respect to any non-convertible securities, other than common stock, described in the shelf
55
registration. for information on senior notes issued from our shelf registration, see item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 9, debt."
short-term debt.    for short-term debt information, see item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 9, debt."
long-term debt.    on may 7, 2015, we issued $400.0 million of senior notes and $400.0 million of junior subordinated notes, which are subordinated to all our senior debt. for additional long-term debt information regarding these debt issuances and all outstanding long-term debt, see item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 9, debt."
stockholders' equity.    on june 30, 2015, we redeemed our 3.0 million shares of series a preferred stock for $300.0 million and our 10.0 million shares of series b preferred stock for $250.0 million. proceeds from the issuance of our common stock were $76.1 million, $77.5 million and $125.8 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
the following table summarizes our return of capital to common stockholders.

dividends to stockholders                 $441.0          $376.6          $288.4
repurchase of common stock                300.6           222.7           153.6
total cash returned to stockholders       $741.6          $599.3          $442.0
number of shares repurchased              6.0             4.7             4.4
for additional stockholders' equity information, see item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 13, stockholders' equity."
capitalization the following table summarizes our capital structure:

debt:
short-term debt                             $181.1                $28.0
long-term debt                                     3,290.8               2,531.2
total debt                                         3,471.9               2,559.2
equity excluding aoci                              10,194.1              10,133.6
total capitalization excluding aoci         $13,666.0             $12,692.8
debt to equity excluding aoci               34                %   25                %
debt to capitalization excluding aoci       25                %   20                %
contractual obligations the following table presents payments due by period for long-term contractual obligations as of december 31, 2015.

contractholder funds (2)                           $79,204.0             $5,675.5            $11,099.8             $8,466.7             $53,962.0
future policy benefits and claims (3)               41,736.9              2,471.8              4,566.5              4,279.8              30,418.8
long-term debt (4)                                   3,290.8                 42.8                299.9                350.0               2,598.1
certificates of deposit (5)                            613.9                291.8                222.1                100.0                     —
other long-term liabilities (6)                      2,035.0              1,553.2                167.5                159.7                 154.6
capital leases (7)                                       9.9                  5.8                  3.7                    —                   0.4
long-term debt interest (4)                          2,682.4                160.8                318.2                246.2               1,957.2
operating leases (8)                                   164.0                 40.3                 58.1                 27.8                  37.8
purchase obligations (9)                               681.6                667.0                 14.6                    —                     —
total contractual obligations                     $130,418.5            $10,909.0            $16,750.4            $13,630.2             $89,128.9
(1)
contractual obligations exclude short-term liabilities, other policyholder funds, taxes and short-term debt as these are not long-term and/or not contractual in nature. contractual obligations also exclude obligations under our pension and opeb plans as we do not anticipate contributions will be needed to satisfy the minimum funding requirements of erisa for our qualified pension plan. in addition, separate account liabilities are excluded. separate account liabilities represent the fair market value of funds that are separately administered by us. generally, the separate account contract owner, rather than us, bears the investment risk of these funds. the separate account liabilities are legally segregated and are not subject to claims that arise out of any other business of ours. net deposits, net
56
investment income and realized and unrealized capital gains and losses on the separate accounts are not reflected in the consolidated statements of operations. the separate account obligations will be fully funded by cash flows from the separate account assets.
(2)
contractholder funds include gics, funding agreements, individual fixed annuities, universal life insurance and other investment contracts. see item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 8, insurance liabilities" for additional information.
amounts included in the contractholder funds line item reflect estimated cash payments to be made to policyholders. the sum of the cash outflows shown for all years in the table exceeds the corresponding liability amount included in our consolidated statements of financial position as of december 31, 2015. the liability amount in our consolidated statements of financial position reflects either the account value (in the case of individual fixed annuities, universal life insurance and gics) or the par value plus accrued interest and other adjustments (in the case of funding agreements and other investment contracts).
(3)
amounts included in the future policy benefits and claims line item reflect estimated cash payments to be made to policyholders. the sum of the cash outflows shown for all years in the table exceeds the corresponding liability amount included in our consolidated statements of financial position as of december 31, 2015. the liability amount in our consolidated statements of financial position reflects estimated cash payments to policyholders, reductions for expected future premiums, assumptions with regard to the timing of cash payments and discounting for interest.
(4)
for long-term debt information, see item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 9, debt."
(5)
amounts included in the certificates of deposit line item reflect estimated cash payments to be made, including expected interest payments. certificates of deposit are reported with other liabilities on our consolidated statements of financial position.
(6)
amounts included in the other long-term liabilities line item are contractual, non-cancelable and long-term in nature. the total payments primarily relate to savings deposits as well as premium associated with purchased option contracts where payments are made over the life of the contract. this line item excludes accruals, short-term items and items not contractual in nature.
(7)
amounts included in the capital leases line item represent future minimum lease payments due under capital leases for buildings and hardware storage equipment. for capital lease information, see item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 12, contingencies, guarantees and indemnifications" under the caption, "capital leases."
(8)
amounts included in the operating leases line item represent payments due under various operating leases for office space, data processing equipment and office furniture and equipment. for operating lease information, see item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 12, contingencies, guarantees and indemnifications" under the caption, "operating leases."
(9)
purchase obligations include material contracts where we have a non-cancelable commitment to purchase goods and services in addition to commitments to originate loans and purchase investments.
pension and opeb plan funding we have defined benefit pension plans covering substantially all of our u.s. employees and certain agents. see item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 11, employee and agent benefits" for a complete discussion of these plans and their effect on the consolidated financial statements.
we report the net funded status of our pension and opeb plans in the consolidated statements of financial position. the net funded status represents the difference between the fair value of plan assets and the projected benefit obligation for pension and opeb plans. the measurement of the net funded status can vary based upon the fluctuations in the fair value of the plan assets and the actuarial assumptions used for the plans as discussed below. the net underfunded status of the pension and opeb obligation was $424.6 million pre-tax and $371.7 million pre-tax as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. nonqualified pension plan assets are not included as part of the funding status mentioned above. the nonqualified pension plan assets are held in rabbi trusts for the benefit of all nonqualified plan participants. the assets held in a rabbi trust are available to satisfy the claims of general creditors only in the event of bankruptcy. therefore, these assets are fully consolidated in our consolidated statements of financial position and are not reflected in our funded status as they do not qualify as plan assets under u.s. gaap. the market value of assets held in these trusts was $330.8 million and $329.6 million as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
our funding policy for the qualified pension plan is to fund the plan annually in an amount at least equal to the minimum annual contributions required under erisa and, generally, not greater than the maximum amount that can be deducted for federal income tax purposes. we do not anticipate contributions will be needed to satisfy the minimum funding requirements of erisa for our qualified pension plan. at this time, it is too early to estimate the amount that may be contributed, but it is possible that we may fund the plans in 2016 up to $125 million. this includes funding for both our qualified and nonqualified pension plans. we may contribute to our opeb plans in 2016 pending further analysis.
contractual commitments in connection with our banking business, we have made commitments to extend credit under home equity lines of credit, which are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any conditions established in the contract. commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. a majority of these lines of credit are expected to expire without being drawn upon. therefore, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash funding requirements. we evaluate each customer's creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. the total commitments to fund home equity loans were $5.1 million as of december 31, 2015.
57
we have made commitments to provide liquidity for certain benefit plans transitioning to us from another provider. as funds from the plans become available, they will be used to pay down outstanding balances. as of december 31, 2015, the amount of unfunded commitments was $16.4 million.
we have made commitments to fund certain limited partnerships in which we are a limited partner. as of december 31, 2015, the amount of unfunded commitments was $461.6 million. we are only required to fund additional equity under these commitments when called upon to do so by the general partner; therefore, these commitments are not liabilities on our consolidated statements of financial position.
off-balance sheet arrangements variable interest entities.    we have relationships with various types of special purpose entities and other entities where we have a variable interest as described in item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 3, variable interest entities." we have made commitments to fund certain limited partnerships, as previously discussed in "contractual commitments", some of which are classified as unconsolidated variable interest entities.
guarantees and indemnifications.    as of december 31, 2015, there have been no significant changes to guarantees and indemnifications since december 31, 2014. for guarantee and indemnification information, see item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 12, contingencies, guarantees and indemnifications" under the caption, "guarantees and indemnifications."
financial strength and credit ratings our ratings are influenced by the relative ratings of our peers/competitors as well as many other factors including our operating and financial performance, asset quality, liquidity, asset/liability management, overall portfolio mix, financial leverage (i.e., debt), risk exposures, operating leverage, ratings and other factors.
in january 2016, a.m. best affirmed the credit ratings and financial strength ratings of principal life and principal national life insurance company at 'a+'. the outlook remains 'stable' for all ratings. the affirmation reflects our strong business profile, consistently good sales and operating results and good financial flexibility.
in november 2015, fitch affirmed pfg's credit ratings and the financial strength ratings of principal life and principal national life insurance company at 'aa–'. the outlook remains 'stable' for all ratings. the affirmation reflects pfg's strong capitalization and stable, balanced operating profitability, partially offset by above average exposure to direct mortgages and structured mortgage securities.
in april 2015, standard & poor's ("s&p") affirmed pfg's credit ratings and the financial strength ratings of principal life and principal national life insurance company at 'a+'. the outlook remains 'stable' for all ratings. principal life's enterprise risk management rating was affirmed as 'strong'. the rating affirmation reflects s&p's view that we are a leading competitor in the u.s. small to midsize 401k market, with strong asset management and insurance solution capabilities that are supported by a respected brand, a diversified and sophisticated product portfolio, strong distribution relationships and increasing global reach. further, s&p cites our favorable earnings, well diversified investment portfolio and strong financial flexibility, with proven access to capital markets and credit facilities.
all four of the rating agencies maintain a 'stable' outlook on the u.s. life insurance sector. the rating agencies acknowledge that interest rates have remained at historically low levels for a longer than expected time. however, the agencies have also cited that the u.s. life insurance industry has maintained strong risk-adjusted capital, generated steady u.s. gaap and statutory earnings, improved balance sheet fundamentals and enhanced risk focused decision making. continued low rates will pressure interest margins and reserve adequacy, but the agencies believe that will not have a material impact and is manageable over the near term.
58
the following table summarizes our significant financial strength and debt ratings from the major independent rating organizations. the debt ratings shown are indicative ratings. outstanding issuances are rated the same as indicative ratings unless otherwise noted. actual ratings can differ from indicative ratings based on contractual terms.

principal financial group senior unsecured debt (1)                   a–             bbb+     baa2
junior subordinated debt (1)(2)             bbb+           bbb      baa3
principal financial services senior unsecured debt                       a–             bbb+     baa1
commercial paper                            amb-1          a-2      p-2
principal life insurance company insurer financial strength                  a+       aa–   a+       a1
issuer credit rating                        aa–
commercial paper                            amb-1+         a-1+     p-1
enterprise risk management rating                          strong principal national life insurance company insurer financial strength                  a+       aa–   a+       a1
(1)
principal financial group's senior debt issuance has been rated "baa1" by moody's.
(2)
principal financial group's junior subordinated debt issuance has been rated "bbb–" by s&p, and "baa2" by moody's.
impacts of income taxes for income tax information, see item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 10, income taxes."
fair value measurement fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (an exit price). the fair value hierarchy prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three levels. the fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority (level 1) to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and gives the lowest priority (level 3) to unobservable inputs. an asset or liability's classification within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of significant input to its valuation. see item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 14, fair value measurements" for further details, including a reconciliation of changes in level 3 fair value measurements.
as of december 31, 2015, 39% of our net assets (liabilities) were level 1, 57% were level 2 and 4% were level 3. excluding separate account assets as of december 31, 2015, 4% of our net assets (liabilities) were level 1, 95% were level 2 and 1% were level 3.
as of december 31, 2014, 39% of our net assets (liabilities) were level 1, 58% were level 2 and 3% were level 3. excluding separate account assets as of december 31, 2014, 2% of our net assets (liabilities) were level 1, 97% were level 2 and 1% were level 3.
changes in level 3 fair value measurements net assets (liabilities) measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (level 3) as of december 31, 2015, were $7,318.6 million as compared to $6,350.1 million as of december 31, 2014. the increase was primarily related to gains on other invested assets and real estate included in our separate account assets.
net assets (liabilities) measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (level 3) as of december 31, 2014, were $6,350.1 million as compared to $5,885.5 million as of december 31, 2013. the increase was primarily related to gains on other invested assets and real estate included in our separate account assets. the increase was partially offset by losses on bifurcated embedded derivatives in investment contracts.
investments we had total consolidated assets as of december 31, 2015, of $218,685.9 million, of which $69,820.5 million were invested assets. the rest of our total consolidated assets are comprised primarily of separate account assets for which we do not bear investment risk. because we generally do not bear any investment risk on assets held in separate accounts, the discussion and financial information below does not include such assets.
overall composition of invested assets invested assets as of december 31, 2015, were predominantly high quality and broadly diversified across asset class, individual credit, industry and geographic location. asset allocation is determined based on cash flow and the risk/return requirements of our products. as shown in the following table, the major categories of invested assets are fixed maturities
59
and commercial mortgage loans. the remainder is invested in other investments, residential mortgage loans, real estate and equity securities. in addition, policy loans are included in our invested assets.

fixed maturities:
public                                $35,308.9             50      %   $34,863.2             51      %
private                                      15,344.4       22                 15,412.2       23
equity securities                             1,307.2       2           963.2                 1
mortgage loans:
commercial                                   11,237.8       16                 10,696.9       15
residential                                   1,101.6       2                   1,114.7       2
real estate held for sale             169.7                     —       174.0                     —
real estate held for investment               1,282.1       2                   1,170.6       2
policy loans                          817.1                 1           829.2                 1
other investments                             3,251.7       5                   3,209.8       5
total invested assets                        69,820.5       100     %          68,433.8       100     %
cash and cash equivalents                     2,564.8                           1,863.9
total invested assets and cash        $72,385.3                         $70,297.7
investment results net investment income the following table presents the yield and investment income, excluding net realized capital gains and losses, for our invested assets for the years indicated. we calculate annualized yields using a simple average of asset classes at the beginning and end of the reporting period. the yields for available-for-sale fixed maturities and available-for-sale equity securities are calculated using amortized cost and cost, respectively. all other yields are calculated using carrying amounts.

fixed maturities                            4.5   %         $2,153.2            4.9   %         $2,311.7            4.9   %         $2,343.8           (0.4   )%   $(158.5        )       —      %   $(32.1       )
equity securities                           4.4                 50.2            7.6                 68.4            4.5                 27.4           (3.2   )          (18.2    )   3.1            41.0
mortgage loans — commercial                 4.6                505.8            5.2                541.4            5.3                541.2           (0.6   )          (35.6    )       (0.1   )   0.2
mortgage loans — residential                6.3                 69.3            7.6                 89.5            5.5                 70.3           (1.3   )          (20.2    )   2.1            19.2
real estate                                 6.9                 97.1            7.9                103.8            5.0                 61.2           (1.0   )          (6.7     )   2.9            42.6
policy loans                                5.6                 46.3            5.8                 49.4            5.8                 49.9           (0.2   )          (3.1     )       —                (0.5   )
cash and cash equivalents                   0.4                  8.5            0.3                  6.5            0.4                 14.0       0.1             2.0                    (0.1   )         (7.5   )
other investments                           6.1                198.7            5.3                164.1            3.4                106.8       0.8             34.6               1.9            57.3
total before investment expenses            4.5              3,129.1            4.9              3,334.8            4.7              3,214.6           (0.4   )          (205.7   )   0.2            120.2
investment expenses                        (0.1   )            (77.0   )       (0.1   )            (76.9   )       (0.1   )            (76.2   )          —              (0.1     )       —                (0.7   )
net investment income                       4.4   %         $3,052.1            4.8   %         $3,257.9            4.6   %         $3,138.4           (0.4   )%   $(205.8        )   0.2        %   $119.5
year ended december 31, 2015 compared to year ended december 31, 2014
net investment income decreased primarily due to lower investment yields and prepayments on invested assets and cash in our u.s. operations. in addition, net investment income decreased due to the weakening of the latin american currencies against the u.s. dollar, lower inflation-based investment returns on average invested assets and cash as a result of lower inflation in chile and unfavorable market changes on our required regulatory investment in the pension funds of our chilean pension company.
year ended december 31, 2014 compared to year ended december 31, 2013
net investment income increased due to higher inflation-based investment returns on average invested assets and cash as a result of higher inflation in chile and favorable market changes on our required regulatory investment in the pension funds of our chilean pension company. these increases were partially offset by the weakening of the chilean peso against the u.s dollar and lower yields on average invested assets and cash in our u.s. operations.
60
net realized capital gains (losses)
the following table presents the contributors to net realized capital gains and losses for our invested assets for the years indicated.

fixed maturities, available-for-sale — credit impairments (1)       $(30.2        )   $(87.1        )   $(113.8        )   $56.9                 $26.7
commercial mortgages — credit impairments                                 (3.4    )   1.3                     (3.7     )         (4.7    )         5.0
other — credit impairments                                          3.6                      (0.6   )         (12.4    )   4.2                    11.8
fixed maturities, available-for-sale and trading — noncredit        1.6               67.5              5.6                      (65.9   )        61.9
derivatives and related hedge activities (2)                              (22.6   )         (11.2   )         (124.4   )         (11.4   )       113.2
other gains (losses)                                                      (0.1    )   44.8              23.5                     (44.9   )        21.3
net realized capital gains (losses)                                 $(51.1        )   $14.7             $(225.2        )   $(65.8        )      $239.9
(1)
includes credit impairments as well as losses on sales of fixed maturities to reduce credit risk, net of realized credit recoveries on the sale of previously impaired securities. credit gains on sales, excluding associated foreign currency fluctuations that are included in derivatives and related hedging activities, were a net gain of $0.3 million, $0.9 million and $1.9 million for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
(2)
includes fixed maturities, available-for-sale impairment-related net gains of $0.0 million, $0.0 million and $0.2 million for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, which were hedged by derivatives reflected in this line.
year ended december 31, 2015 compared to year ended december 31, 2014
net realized capital losses on fixed maturities, available-for-sale — credit impairments decreased primarily due to decreased losses on structured fixed maturities as a result of improved market conditions. this was partially offset by losses versus gains on corporate fixed maturities.
net realized capital gains on fixed maturities, available-for-sale and trading — noncredit decreased primarily due to losses versus gains on trading securities related to changes in interest rates and credit spreads and a gain from the sale of a long dated structured security in 2014.
net realized capital losses on derivatives and related hedge activities increased primarily due to losses versus gains on the gmwb embedded derivatives, including changes in the spread reflecting our own creditworthiness, and related hedging instruments. this was partially offset by decreased losses on credit related derivatives.
other gains (losses) reflected losses in 2015 as compared to gains in 2014 primarily due to decreased gains on sales of real estate investments and joint venture real estate and a write-off of unamortized book value on corporate owned real estate in 2015. this was partially offset by an impairment of liongate, an equity method investment, in 2014.
year ended december 31, 2014 compared to year ended december 31, 2013
net realized capital losses on fixed maturities, available-for-sale — credit impairments decreased primarily due to net gains versus losses on corporate fixed maturities as a result of recoveries.
net realized capital gains on fixed maturities, available-for-sale and trading — noncredit increased primarily due to sales of long dated structured securities and gains on trading securities related to changes in interest rates, credit spreads and exchange rates.
net realized capital losses on derivatives and related hedge activities decreased due to gains versus losses on the gmwb embedded derivatives, including changes in the spread reflecting our own creditworthiness, and related hedging instruments and on interest rate swap derivatives not designated as hedging instruments due to changes in interest rates. this was partially offset by increased losses on currency forwards and currency swaps due to changes in exchange rates.
other net realized capital gains increased due to higher gains on sales of real estate investments and joint venture real estate and foreign currency translation losses on cash held for the cuprum acquisition that was completed in first quarter 2013. this was partially offset by an impairment of liongate, an equity method investment, in fourth quarter 2014.
u.s. investment operations of our invested assets, $63,316.9 million were held by our u.s. operations as of december 31, 2015. our u.s. invested assets are managed primarily by our principal global investors segment. our primary investment objective is to maximize after-tax returns consistent with acceptable risk parameters. we seek to protect policyholders' benefits by optimizing the risk/return relationship on an ongoing basis, through asset/liability matching, reducing the credit risk,
61
avoiding high levels of investments that may be redeemed by the issuer, maintaining sufficiently liquid investments and avoiding undue asset concentrations through diversification. we are exposed to two primary sources of investment risk:
• credit risk, relating to the uncertainty associated with the continued ability of an obligor to make timely payments of principal and interest and
• interest rate risk, relating to the market price and/or cash flow variability associated with changes in market yield curves.
our ability to manage credit risk is essential to our business and our profitability. we devote considerable resources to the credit analysis of each new investment. we manage credit risk through industry, issuer and asset class diversification. our investment committee, appointed by our board of directors, is responsible for establishing all investment policies and approving or authorizing all investments, except the executive committee of the board must approve any investment transaction exceeding $500.0 million. as of december 31, 2015, eleven members served on the investment committee, one of whom is a member of our board of directors. the remaining members were senior management members representing various areas of our company.
we purchase credit default swaps to hedge certain credit exposures in our investment portfolio and total return swaps and futures to hedge a portion of our investment portfolio from credit losses. we economically hedged credit exposure in our portfolio by purchasing credit default swaps with a notional amount of $213.2 million and $288.7 million, total return swaps of $90.0 million and $90.0 million, and futures of $13.1 million and $10.5 million as of december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014, respectively. we sell credit default swaps to offer credit protection to investors when entering into synthetic replicating transactions. when selling credit protection, if there is an event of default by the referenced name, we are obligated to pay the counterparty the referenced amount of the contract and receive in return the referenced security. for further information on credit derivatives sold, see item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 5, derivative financial instruments" under the caption, "credit derivatives sold."
we also seek to manage call or prepayment risk arising from changes in interest rates. we assess and price for call or prepayment risks in all of our investments and monitor these risks in accordance with asset/liability management policies.
the amortized cost and weighted average yield, calculated using amortized cost, of non-structured fixed maturity securities that will be callable at the option of the issuer, excluding securities with a make-whole provision, were $1,554.9 million and 3.9%, respectively, as of december 31, 2015 and $1,119.1 million and 4.3%, respectively, as of december 31, 2014. in addition, the amortized cost and weighted average yield of residential mortgage-backed pass-through securities, residential collateralized mortgage obligations, and asset-backed securities — home equity with material prepayment risk were $4,391.9 million and 3.3%, respectively, as of december 31, 2015 and $4,319.0 million and 3.3%, respectively, as of december 31, 2014.
our fixed income securities committee, consisting of fixed income securities senior management members, approves the credit rating for the fixed maturities we purchase. teams of security analysts, organized by industry, analyze and monitor these investments. in addition, we have teams who specialize in rmbs, cmbs, abs, municipals and below investment grade securities. our analysts monitor issuers held in the portfolio on a continuous basis with a formal review documented annually or more frequently if material events affect the issuer. the analysis includes both fundamental and technical factors. the fundamental analysis encompasses both quantitative and qualitative analysis of the issuer. the qualitative analysis includes an assessment of both accounting and management aggressiveness of the issuer. in addition, technical indicators such as stock price volatility and credit default swap levels are monitored.
our fixed income securities committee also reviews private transactions on a continuous basis to assess the quality ratings of our privately placed investments. we regularly review our investments to determine whether we should re-rate them, employing the following criteria:
• material changes in the issuer's revenues or margins;
• significant management or organizational changes;
• significant changes regarding the issuer's industry;
• debt service coverage or cash flow ratios that fall below industry-specific thresholds;
• violation of financial covenants and
• other business factors that relate to the issuer.
our use of derivatives exposes us to counterparty risk, or the risk that the counterparty fails to perform the terms of the derivative contract. we actively manage this risk by:
• obtaining approval of all new counterparties by the investment committee;
• establishing exposure limits that take into account non-derivative exposure we have with the counterparty as well as derivative exposure;
62
• performing similar credit analysis prior to approval on each derivatives counterparty that we do when lending money on a long-term basis;
• diversifying our risk across numerous approved counterparties;
• implementing credit support annex (collateral) agreements ("csas") for over-the-counter derivative transactions or similar agreements with a majority of our counterparties to further limit counterparty exposures, which provide for netting of exposures;
• limiting exposure to a credit or better for over-the-counter derivative counterparties without csas;
• conducting stress-test analysis to determine the maximum exposure created during the life of a prospective transaction;
• daily monitoring of counterparty credit ratings, exposures and associated collateral levels and
• trading mandatorily cleared contracts through centralized clearinghouses.
we manage our exposure on a net basis, whereby we net positive and negative exposures for each counterparty with agreements in place. for further information on derivative exposure, see item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 4, investments" under the caption, "balance sheet offsetting."
a dedicated risk management team is responsible for centralized monitoring of the commercial mortgage loan portfolio. we apply a variety of strategies to minimize credit risk in our commercial mortgage loan portfolio. when considering new commercial mortgage loans, we review the cash flow fundamentals of the property, make a physical assessment of the underlying security, conduct a comprehensive market analysis and compare against industry lending practices. we use a proprietary risk rating model to evaluate all new and substantially all existing loans within the portfolio. the proprietary risk model is designed to stress projected cash flows under simulated economic and market downturns. our lending guidelines are typically 75% or less loan-to-value ratio and a debt service coverage ratio of at least 1.2 times. we analyze investments outside of these guidelines based on cash flow quality, tenancy and other factors. the following table presents loan-to-value and debt service coverage ratios for our brick and mortar commercial mortgages, excluding principal global investors segment mortgages:

new mortgages               50      %   51      %   3.1x   2.6x entire mortgage portfolio   46      %   48      %   2.7x   2.6x our investment decisions and objectives are a function of the underlying risks and product profiles of each primary business operation. in addition, we diversify our product portfolio offerings to include products that contain features that will protect us against fluctuations in interest rates. those features include adjustable crediting rates, policy surrender charges and market value adjustments on liquidations. for further information on our management of interest rate risk, see item 7a. "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk — interest rate risk."
overall composition of u.s. invested assets as shown in the following table, the major categories of u.s. invested assets are fixed maturities and commercial mortgage loans. the remainder is invested in other investments, real estate, residential mortgage loans and equity securities. in addition, policy loans are included in our invested assets. the following discussion analyzes the composition of u.s. invested assets, but excludes invested assets of the separate accounts.

fixed maturities:
public                                $31,756.0             50      %   $31,618.0             51      %
private                                      15,342.8       24                 15,410.1       25
equity securities                     306.2                 1           300.5                     —
mortgage loans:
commercial                                   11,194.9       18                 10,657.2       17
residential                           596.1                 1           507.2                 1
real estate held for sale             166.8                     —       171.8                     —
real estate held for investment               1,280.4       2                   1,168.6       2
policy loans                          796.3                 1           806.5                 1
other investments                             1,877.4       3                   1,688.0       3
total invested assets                        63,316.9       100     %          62,327.9       100     %
cash and cash equivalents                     2,292.9                           1,762.5
total invested assets and cash        $65,609.8                         $64,090.4
63
fixed maturities fixed maturities include bonds, abs, redeemable preferred stock and certain nonredeemable preferred securities. included in the privately placed category as of december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014, were $10.4 billion and $10.3 billion, respectively, of securities subject to certain holding periods and resale restrictions pursuant to rule 144a of the securities act of 1933.
fixed maturities were diversified by category of issuer, as shown in the following table for the years indicated.

u.s. government and agencies                              $1,649.0                  3   %   $1,121.8                  2   %
states and political subdivisions                                 4,784.1          10               4,329.4           9
non-u.s. governments                                      423.9                     1       446.6                     1
corporate — public                                               16,407.7          35              16,834.6          37
corporate — private                                              12,049.1          26              12,262.9          26
residential mortgage-backed pass-through securities               2,640.2           6               2,839.6           6
commercial mortgage-backed securities                             3,860.4           8               3,977.0           8
residential collateralized mortgage obligations                   1,556.4           3               1,306.2           3
asset-backed securities                                           3,728.0           8               3,910.0           8
total fixed maturities                                    $47,098.8               100   %   $47,028.1               100   %
we believe it is desirable to hold residential mortgage-backed pass-through securities due to their credit quality and liquidity as well as portfolio diversification characteristics. our portfolio is comprised of government national mortgage association, federal national mortgage association and federal home loan mortgage corporation pass-through securities. in addition, our residential collateralized mortgage obligation portfolio offers structural features that allow cash flows to be matched to our liabilities.
cmbs provide varying levels of credit protection, diversification and reduced event risk depending on the securities owned and composition of the loan pool. cmbs are predominantly comprised of large pool securitizations that are diverse by property type, borrower and geographic dispersion. the risks to any cmbs deal are determined by the credit quality of the underlying loans and how those loans perform over time. another key risk is the vintage of the underlying loans and the state of the markets during a particular vintage. in the cmbs market, there is a material difference in the outlook for the performance of loans originated in 2004 and earlier relative to loans originated in 2005 through 2008. for loans originated prior to 2005, underwriting assumptions were more conservative regarding required debt service coverage and loan-to-value ratios. for the 2005 through 2008 vintages, real estate values peaked and the underwriting expectations were that values would continue to increase, which makes those loan values more sensitive to market declines. the 2009 through 2015 vintages represent a return to debt service coverage ratios and loan-to-value ratios that more closely resemble loans originated prior to 2005.
we purchase abs to diversify the overall credit risks of the fixed maturities portfolio and to provide attractive returns. the principal risks in holding abs are structural and credit risks. structural risks include the security's priority in the issuer's capital structure, the adequacy of and ability to realize proceeds from the collateral and the potential for prepayments. credit risks involve collateral and issuer/servicer risk where collateral and servicer performance may deteriorate. our abs portfolio is diversified both by type of asset and by issuer. we actively monitor holdings of abs to recognize adverse changes in the risk profile of each security. prepayments in the abs portfolio are, in general, insensitive to changes in interest rates or are insulated from such changes by call protection features. in the event that we are subject to prepayment risk, we monitor the factors that impact the level of prepayment and prepayment speed for those abs. in addition, we hold a diverse class of securities, which limits our exposure to any one security.
the international exposure held in our u.s. operation's fixed maturities portfolio was 22% of total fixed maturities as of december 31, 2015 and 25% as of december 31, 2014. it is comprised of corporate and foreign government fixed
64
maturities. the following table presents the carrying amount of our international exposure for our u.s. operation's fixed maturities portfolio for the years indicated.

european union, excluding uk       $3,247.1             $3,717.9
united kingdom                            2,293.2              2,467.5
asia-pacific                              1,469.1              1,564.8
australia/new zealand                     1,162.0              1,285.6
latin america                      885.9                989.9
europe, non-european union         824.3                855.6
middle east and africa             304.3                365.3
other (1)                          266.5                276.7
total                              $10,452.4            $11,523.3
(1)
includes exposure from 2 countries and various supranational organizations as of december 31, 2015, and 1 country and various supranational organizations as of december 31, 2014.
international fixed maturities exposure is determined by the country of domicile of the parent entity of an individual asset. all international fixed maturities held by our u.s. operations are either denominated in u.s. dollars or have been swapped into u.s. dollar equivalents. our international investments are analyzed internally by country and industry credit investment professionals. we control concentrations using issuer and country level exposure benchmarks, which are based on the credit quality of the issuer and the country. our investment policy limits total international fixed maturities investments and we are within those internal limits. exposure to canada is not included in our international exposure. as of december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014, our investments in canada totaled $1,310.5 million and $1,478.3 million, respectively.
fixed maturities credit concentrations.    one aspect of managing credit risk is through industry, issuer and asset class diversification. our credit concentrations are managed to established limits. the following table presents our top ten exposures as of december 31, 2015.

berkshire hathaway inc.                $187.9
at&amp;t inc.                           187.6
general electric company                175.6
people's republic of china              173.6
province of quebec                      172.2
wells fargo &amp; company               160.6
verizon communications inc.             155.2
united mexican states                   138.7
duke energy corporation                 136.6
mars, incorporated                      136.3
total top ten exposures              $1,624.3
fixed maturities valuation and credit quality.    valuation techniques for the fixed maturities portfolio vary by security type and the availability of market data. the use of different pricing techniques and their assumptions could produce different financial results. see item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 14, fair value measurements" for further details regarding our pricing methodology. once prices are determined, they are reviewed by pricing analysts for reasonableness based on asset class and observable market data. investment analysts who are familiar with specific securities review prices for reasonableness through direct interaction with external sources, review of recent trade activity or use of internal models. all fixed maturities placed on the "watch list" are periodically analyzed by investment analysts or analysts that focus on troubled securities ("workout group"). this group then meets with the chief investment officer and the portfolio managers to determine reasonableness of prices. the valuation of impaired bonds for which there is no quoted price is typically based on the present value of the future cash flows expected to be received. although we believe these values reasonably reflect the fair value of those securities, the key assumptions about risk premiums, performance of underlying collateral (if any) and other market factors involve qualitative and unobservable inputs.
the securities valuation office ("svo") of the naic monitors the bond investments of insurers for regulatory capital and reporting purposes and, when required, assigns securities to one of six investment categories. for certain bonds, the naic designations closely mirror the nationally recognized statistical rating organizations' ("nrsro") credit ratings. for most corporate bonds, naic designations 1 and 2 include bonds considered investment grade by such rating organizations. bonds are considered investment grade when rated "baa3" or higher by moody's, or "bbb–" or higher by s&p. naic designations 3 through 6 are referred to as below investment grade. bonds are considered below investment grade when rated "ba1" or lower by moody's, or "bb+" or lower by s&p.
65
however, for loan-backed and structured securities, as defined by the naic, the naic rating is not always equivalent to an nrsro rating as described below. for cmbs and non-agency rmbs, blackrock solutions undertakes the modeling of those naic ratings. other loan-backed and structured securities may be subject to an intrinsic price matrix as provided by the naic. this may result in a final designation being higher or lower than the nrsro credit rating.
the following table presents our total fixed maturities by naic designation and the equivalent ratings of the nrsros as of the years indicated as well as the percentage, based on fair value, that each designation comprises.

1       aaa/aa/a                     $29,661.4             $30,712.8             65      %   $28,364.4             $30,140.6             64      %
2       bbb                                 12,562.1              12,827.2       27                 12,291.8              13,184.7       28
3       bb                                  2,932.2               2,829.1        7                  2,902.0               2,879.3        6
4       b                            606.4                 547.3                 1           659.1                 637.3                 2
5       ccc and lower                219.6                 139.7                     —       147.8                 120.0                     —
6       in or near default           46.5                  42.7                      —       74.7                  66.2                      —
total fixed maturities       $46,028.2             $47,098.8             100     %   $44,439.8             $47,028.1             100     %
fixed maturities include 19 securities with an amortized cost of $208.9 million, gross gains of $1.7 million, gross losses of $2.8 million and a carrying amount of $207.8 million as of december 31, 2015, that are still pending a review and assignment of a rating by the svo. due to the timing of when fixed maturities are purchased, legal documents are filed and the review by the svo is completed, there will always be securities in our portfolio that are unrated over a reporting period. in these instances, an equivalent rating is assigned based on our fixed income analyst's assessment.
commercial mortgage-backed securities.    as of december 31, 2015, based on amortized cost, 92% of our cmbs portfolio had an naic rating of 1 and 52% was issued during the more conservative underwriting periods prior to 2005 and after 2008.
the following tables present our exposure by credit quality, based on naic ratings, and year of issuance ("vintage") for our cmbs portfolio as of the years indicated.

1               $170.8          $181.6             $1,561.8          $1,581.3       $1,848.9          $1,828.3          $3,581.5          $3,591.2
2               0.9             0.9                    66.1              66.7       1.2               1.2               68.2              68.8
3                     —               —                90.6              88.7              —                 —          90.6              88.7
4               4.4             4.2                    45.8              38.7              —                 —          50.2              42.9
5               3.9             2.2                    63.6              53.8              —                 —          67.5              56.0
6               3.0             3.3                    11.6               9.5              —                 —          14.6              12.8
total (1)       $183.0          $192.2             $1,839.5          $1,838.7       $1,850.1          $1,829.5          $3,872.6          $3,860.4
(1)
the cmbs portfolio included agency cmbs with a $392.9 million amortized cost and a $392.4 million carrying amount.

1               $208.4          $224.1             $2,040.6          $2,112.8       $1,333.3          $1,353.3          $3,582.3          $3,690.2
2                     —               —                45.4              45.2              —                 —          45.4              45.2
3               0.8             0.7                    86.4              84.8              —                 —          87.2              85.5
4               9.5             9.5                    78.1              68.3              —                 —          87.6              77.8
5               4.4             4.0                    61.6              50.0              —                 —          66.0              54.0
6               3.6             3.7                    26.3              20.6              —                 —          29.9              24.3
total (1)       $226.7          $242.0             $2,338.4          $2,381.7       $1,333.3          $1,353.3          $3,898.4          $3,977.0
(1)
the cmbs portfolio included agency cmbs with a $415.5 million amortized cost and a $420.4 million carrying amount.
fixed maturities watch list.    we monitor any decline in the credit quality of fixed maturities through the designation of "problem securities," "potential problem securities" and "restructured securities". we define problem securities in our fixed maturity portfolio as securities: (i) with principal and/or interest payments in default or where default is perceived to be imminent in the near term, or (ii) issued by a company that went into bankruptcy subsequent to the acquisition of
66
such securities. we define potential problem securities in our fixed maturity portfolio as securities included on an internal "watch list" for which management has concerns as to the ability of the issuer to comply with the present debt payment terms and which may result in the security becoming a problem or being restructured. the decision whether to classify a performing fixed maturity security as a potential problem involves significant subjective judgments by our management as to the likely future industry conditions and developments with respect to the issuer. we define restructured securities in our fixed maturity portfolio as securities where a concession has been granted to the borrower related to the borrower's financial difficulties that would not have otherwise been considered. we determine that restructures should occur in those instances where greater economic value will be realized under the new terms than through liquidation or other disposition and may involve a change in contractual cash flows. if the present value of the restructured cash flows is less than the current cost of the asset being restructured, a realized capital loss is recorded in net income and a new cost basis is established.
the following table presents the total carrying amount of our fixed maturities portfolio, as well as its problem, potential problem and restructured fixed maturities for the years indicated.

total fixed maturities (public and private)                                                                     $47,098.8         $47,028.1
problem fixed maturities (1)                                                                                    $71.8             $297.0
potential problem fixed maturities                                                                              172.0             161.3
total problem, potential problem and restructured fixed maturities                                              $243.8            $458.3
total problem, potential problem and restructured fixed maturities as a percent of total fixed maturities       0.52          %   0.97          %
(1)
the problem fixed maturities carrying amount is net of other-than-temporary impairment losses.
fixed maturities impairments.    we have a process in place to identify securities that could potentially have a credit impairment that is other than temporary. this process involves monitoring market events that could impact issuers' credit ratings, business climate, management changes, litigation and government actions and other similar factors. this process also involves monitoring late payments, pricing levels, downgrades by rating agencies, key financial ratios, financial statements, revenue forecasts and cash flow projections as indicators of credit issues.
each reporting period, a group of individuals including the chief investment officer, our portfolio managers, members of our workout group and representatives from investment accounting review all securities to determine whether an other-than-temporary decline in value exists and whether losses should be recognized. the analysis focuses on each issuer's ability to service its debts in a timely fashion. formal documentation of the analysis and our decision is prepared and approved by management.
we consider relevant facts and circumstances in evaluating whether a credit or interest rate- related impairment of a security is other than temporary. relevant facts and circumstances considered include: (1) the extent and length of time the fair value has been below cost; (2) the reasons for the decline in value; (3) the financial position and access to capital of the issuer, including the current and future impact of any specific events; (4) for structured securities, the adequacy of the expected cash flows and (5) our intent to sell the security or whether it is more likely than not we will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost which, in some cases, may extend to maturity. to the extent we determine that a security is deemed to be other than temporarily impaired, an impairment loss is recognized. for additional details, see item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 4, investments."
we would not consider a security with unrealized losses to be other than temporarily impaired when it is not our intent to sell the security, it is not more likely than not that we would be required to sell the security before recovery of the amortized cost, which may be maturity, and we expect to recover the amortized cost basis. however, we do sell securities under certain circumstances, such as when we have evidence of a change in the issuer's creditworthiness, when we anticipate poor relative future performance of securities, when a change in regulatory requirements modifies what constitutes a permissible investment or the maximum level of investments held or when there is an increase in capital requirements or a change in risk weights of debt securities. sales generate both gains and losses.
a number of significant risks and uncertainties are inherent in the process of monitoring credit impairments and determining if an impairment is other than temporary. these risks and uncertainties include: (1) the risk that our assessment of an issuer's ability to meet all of its contractual obligations will change based on changes in the credit characteristics of that issuer, (2) the risk that the economic outlook will be worse than expected or have more of an impact on the issuer than anticipated, (3) the risk that our investment professionals are making decisions based on fraudulent or misstated information in the financial statements provided by issuers and (4) the risk that new information obtained by us or changes in other facts and circumstances lead us to change our intent to not sell the security prior to recovery of its amortized cost. any of these situations could result in a charge to net income in a future period.
the net realized loss relating to other-than-temporary credit impairments and credit related sales of fixed maturities was $30.3 million, $83.7 million, and $111.8 million for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively.
67
fixed maturities available-for-sale the following tables present our fixed maturities available-for-sale by industry category and the associated gross unrealized gains and losses, including other-than-temporary impairment losses reported in aoci, as of the years indicated.

finance — banking                                                    $3,726.1               $103.9          $121.1              $3,708.9
finance — brokerage                                                     275.0                 13.9             1.7                 287.2
finance — finance companies                                             191.2                  3.5             1.0                 193.7
finance — financial other                                               476.8                 47.3             1.3                 522.8
finance — insurance                                                   2,211.9                191.2            16.2               2,386.9
finance — reits                                                         826.0                 26.6             6.7                 845.9
industrial — basic industry                                           1,305.7                 31.3            87.2               1,249.8
industrial — capital goods                                            1,782.1                101.8            13.8               1,870.1
industrial — communications                                           2,271.1                168.8            20.2               2,419.7
industrial — consumer cyclical                                        1,454.7                 52.8             8.5               1,499.0
industrial — consumer non-cyclical                                    3,210.3                137.6            15.4               3,332.5
industrial — energy                                                   2,801.8                 81.6           228.3               2,655.1
industrial — other                                                      313.1                 11.5             1.7                 322.9
industrial — technology                                               1,239.8                 28.4             5.7               1,262.5
industrial — transportation                                           1,111.3                 39.0            21.1               1,129.2
utility — electric                                                    2,806.6                162.6            23.8               2,945.4
utility — natural gas                                                   240.5                  9.6             2.2                 247.9
utility — other                                                         235.9                 14.6             0.3                 250.2
government guaranteed                                                 1,121.7                 92.8            20.1               1,194.4
total corporate securities                                           27,601.6              1,318.8           596.3              28,324.1
residential mortgage-backed pass-through securities                   2,537.2                 89.0            11.9               2,614.3
commercial mortgage-backed securities                                 3,870.3                 65.3            77.5               3,858.1
residential collateralized mortgage obligations                       1,496.9                 18.3            11.0               1,504.2
asset-backed securities — home equity (1)                               279.7                 14.5            10.5                 283.7
asset-backed securities — all other                                   2,753.1                  6.4            13.9               2,745.6
collateralized debt obligations — credit                                 52.2                    —            19.4                  32.8
collateralized debt obligations — cmbs                                    3.3                  0.1               —                   3.4
collateralized debt obligations — loans                                 633.3                  1.3             7.2                 627.4
total mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securities              11,626.0                194.9           151.4              11,669.5
u.s. government and agencies                                          1,434.7                 23.3             8.2               1,449.8
states and political subdivisions                                     4,477.5                234.5            19.3               4,692.7
non-u.s. governments                                                    349.6                 77.1             2.8                 423.9
total fixed maturities, available-for-sale                          $45,489.4             $1,848.6          $778.0             $46,560.0
(1)
this exposure is all related to sub-prime mortgage loans.
68

finance — banking                                                    $3,734.8               $148.0           $92.4              $3,790.4
finance — brokerage                                                     282.3                 22.0               —                 304.3
finance — finance companies                                             210.0                  7.7             0.5                 217.2
finance — financial other                                               403.8                 55.8             0.2                 459.4
finance — insurance                                                   2,218.5                277.1             2.0               2,493.6
finance — reits                                                         816.8                 47.1             2.3                 861.6
industrial — basic industry                                           1,527.2                 82.7            12.4               1,597.5
industrial — capital goods                                            1,543.1                144.4             2.5               1,685.0
industrial — communications                                           2,302.0                268.8             9.9               2,560.9
industrial — consumer cyclical                                        1,332.2                 78.4             3.1               1,407.5
industrial — consumer non-cyclical                                    3,045.4                213.9             3.6               3,255.7
industrial — energy                                                   2,853.1                238.7            39.4               3,052.4
industrial — other                                                      386.0                 23.1             0.2                 408.9
industrial — technology                                               1,061.9                 40.8             2.0               1,100.7
industrial — transportation                                             924.8                 66.8             2.2                 989.4
utility — electric                                                    2,627.2                266.1             5.3               2,888.0
utility — natural gas                                                   243.2                 19.9             0.1                 263.0
utility — other                                                         253.0                 19.6               —                 272.6
government guaranteed                                                 1,226.0                130.3            10.3               1,346.0
total corporate securities                                           26,991.3              2,151.2           188.4              28,954.1
residential mortgage-backed pass-through securities                   2,687.0                124.5             6.3               2,805.2
commercial mortgage-backed securities                                 3,896.9                141.5            62.9               3,975.5
residential collateralized mortgage obligations                       1,229.5                 25.6             5.0               1,250.1
asset-backed securities — home equity (1)                               312.0                 14.6            15.1                 311.5
asset-backed securities — all other                                   3,041.9                 17.3             4.4               3,054.8
collateralized debt obligations — credit                                 52.4                    —            18.0                  34.4
collateralized debt obligations — cmbs                                    3.2                  0.1               —                   3.3
collateralized debt obligations — loans                                 465.6                  3.4             2.6                 466.4
total mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securities              11,688.5                327.0           114.3              11,901.2
u.s. government and agencies                                          1,085.6                 39.1             2.9               1,121.8
states and political subdivisions                                     3,916.8                291.3             4.1               4,204.0
non-u.s. governments                                                    357.2                 90.8             1.4                 446.6
total fixed maturities, available-for-sale                          $44,039.4             $2,899.4          $311.1             $46,627.7
(1)
this exposure is all related to sub-prime mortgage loans.
of the $778.0 million in gross unrealized losses as of december 31, 2015, $2.1 million in losses were attributed to securities scheduled to mature in one year or less, $122.0 million attributed to securities scheduled to mature between one to five years, $193.6 million attributed to securities scheduled to mature between five to ten years, $308.9 million attributed to securities scheduled to mature after ten years and $151.4 million related to mortgage-backed and other abs that are not classified by maturity year. as of december 31, 2015, we were in a $1,070.6 million net unrealized gain position as compared to a $2,588.3 million net unrealized gain position as of december 31, 2014. the $1,517.7 million decrease in net unrealized gains for the year ended december 31, 2015, can primarily be attributed to an approximate 19 basis points increase in interest rates and widening of credit spreads.
fixed maturities available-for-sale unrealized losses.    we believe that our long-term fixed maturities portfolio is well diversified among industry types and between publicly traded and privately placed securities. each year, we direct the majority of our net cash inflows into investment grade fixed maturities. our current policy is to limit the percentage of cash flow invested in below investment grade assets to 10% of cash flow.
we invest in privately placed fixed maturities to enhance the overall value of the portfolio, increase diversification and obtain higher yields than are possible with comparable quality public market securities. generally, private placements provide broader access to management information, strengthened negotiated protective covenants, call protection features and, where applicable, a higher level of collateral. they are, however, generally not freely tradable because of restrictions imposed by federal and state securities laws and illiquid trading markets.
69
the following table presents our fixed maturities available-for-sale by investment grade and below investment grade and the associated gross unrealized gains and losses, including the other-than-temporary impairment losses reported in oci, as of the years indicated.

investment grade:
public                                           $28,703.7             $1,285.3          $327.9          $29,661.1             $27,534.4             $2,049.3          $103.6          $29,480.1
private                                                 13,025.3       505.3             146.2                  13,384.4              12,785.6       763.6             40.2                   13,509.0
below investment grade:
public                                                  1,844.1        20.2              170.4                  1,693.9               1,931.3        37.4              90.0                   1,878.7
private                                                 1,916.3        37.8              133.5                  1,820.6               1,788.1        49.1              77.3                   1,759.9
total fixed maturities, available-for-sale       $45,489.4             $1,848.6          $778.0          $46,560.0             $44,039.4             $2,899.4          $311.1          $46,627.7
the following tables present the carrying amount and the gross unrealized losses, including other-than-temporary impairment losses reported in oci, on investment grade fixed maturities available-for-sale by aging category as of the years indicated.

three months or less                                $4,768.8             $56.7           $2,748.9          $27.4           $7,517.7             $84.1
greater than three to six months                    817.4                37.3            699.0             25.9                   1,516.4       63.2
greater than six to nine months                            1,851.3       86.2            931.9             44.0                   2,783.2       130.2
greater than nine to twelve months                  476.1                19.7            171.0             7.0             647.1                26.7
greater than twelve to twenty-four months           278.1                38.5            219.9             9.4             498.0                47.9
greater than twenty-four to thirty-six months       313.6                12.7            191.6             10.5            505.2                23.2
greater than thirty-six months                      400.3                76.8            135.2             22.0            535.5                98.8
total fixed maturities, available-for-sale          $8,905.6             $327.9          $5,097.5          $146.2          $14,003.1            $474.1

three months or less                                $1,753.2             $18.6           $969.0            $6.8          $2,722.2             $25.4
greater than three to six months                    200.9                4.1             375.7             4.4           576.6                8.5
greater than six to nine months                     111.4                1.1             142.3             3.0           253.7                4.1
greater than nine to twelve months                  7.5                  0.2             60.0              0.3           67.5                 0.5
greater than twelve to twenty-four months                  1,046.0       20.2            408.6             11.9                 1,454.6       32.1
greater than twenty-four to thirty-six months       96.8                 2.6             21.6              0.3           118.4                2.9
greater than thirty-six months                      436.4                56.8            186.3             13.5          622.7                70.3
total fixed maturities, available-for-sale          $3,652.2             $103.6          $2,163.5          $40.2         $5,815.7             $143.8
70
the following tables present the carrying amount and the gross unrealized losses, including other-than-temporary impairment losses reported in oci, on below investment grade fixed maturities available-for-sale by aging category as of the years indicated.

three months or less                                $316.2          $8.5            $380.3            $4.9            $696.5            $13.4
greater than three to six months                    122.4           15.7            154.0             6.4             276.4             22.1
greater than six to nine months                     109.9           17.6            203.6             19.1            313.5             36.7
greater than nine to twelve months                  20.3            5.0             44.9              2.0             65.2              7.0
greater than twelve to twenty-four months           156.6           67.8            200.9             67.0            357.5             134.8
greater than twenty-four to thirty-six months       15.5            3.0             36.5              1.4             52.0              4.4
greater than thirty-six months                      181.0           52.8            78.0              32.7            259.0             85.5
total fixed maturities, available-for-sale          $921.9          $170.4          $1,098.2          $133.5          $2,020.1          $303.9

three months or less                                $478.0          $14.8         $298.1          $8.3          $776.1            $23.1
greater than three to six months                    111.8           4.1           274.1           15.9          385.9             20.0
greater than six to nine months                     8.2             0.8           52.4            0.7           60.6              1.5
greater than nine to twelve months                        —              —        94.8            2.8           94.8              2.8
greater than twelve to twenty-four months           21.2            0.8           66.7            8.1           87.9              8.9
greater than twenty-four to thirty-six months       0.5                  —        0.4             0.4           0.9               0.4
greater than thirty-six months                      280.6           69.5          151.7           41.1          432.3             110.6
total fixed maturities, available-for-sale          $900.3          $90.0         $938.2          $77.3         $1,838.5          $167.3
the following tables present the carrying amount and the gross unrealized losses, including other-than-temporary impairment losses reported in oci, on fixed maturities available-for-sale where the estimated fair value had declined and remained below amortized cost by 20% or more as of the years indicated.

three months or less                             $13.6         $13.9           $321.0          $110.4          $334.6          $124.3
greater than three to six months                 35.3          49.3            30.7            18.1            66.0            67.4
greater than six to nine months                  9.6           27.8            25.2            19.5            34.8            47.3
greater than nine to twelve months               3.4           1.1             49.2            19.1            52.6            20.2
greater than twelve months                       23.7          25.9            237.5           106.4           261.2           132.3
total fixed maturities, available-for-sale       $85.6         $118.0          $663.6          $273.5          $749.2          $391.5

three months or less                             $—            $—            $107.4          $32.4           $107.4          $32.4
greater than three to six months                      —             —        1.5             1.0             1.5             1.0
greater than six to nine months                  7.6           5.2           0.5             0.2             8.1             5.4
greater than nine to twelve months                    —             —              —         0.2                   —         0.2
greater than twelve months                       46.3          31.4          189.1           68.8            235.4           100.2
total fixed maturities, available-for-sale       $53.9         $36.6         $298.5          $102.6          $352.4          $139.2
71
mortgage loans mortgage loans consist of commercial mortgage loans on real estate and residential mortgage loans. the carrying amount of our commercial mortgage loan portfolio was $11,194.9 million and $10,657.2 million as of december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014, respectively. the carrying amount of our residential mortgage loan portfolio was $596.1 million and $507.2 million as of december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014, respectively.
commercial mortgage loans.    we generally report commercial mortgage loans on real estate at cost adjusted for amortization of premiums and accrual of discounts, computed using the interest method and net of valuation allowances.
commercial mortgage loans play an important role in our investment strategy by:
• providing strong risk-adjusted relative value in comparison to other investment alternatives;
• enhancing total returns and
• providing strategic portfolio diversification.
as a result, we have focused on constructing a high quality portfolio of mortgages. our portfolio is generally comprised of mortgages originated with conservative loan-to-value ratios, high debt service coverages and general purpose property types with a strong credit tenancy.
our commercial mortgage loan portfolio consists primarily of non-recourse, fixed rate mortgages on fully or near fully leased properties. the mortgage portfolio is comprised primarily of well anchored retail properties, office properties, general-purpose industrial properties and apartments.
our commercial mortgage loan portfolio is diversified by geography and specific collateral property type. commercial mortgage lending in the state of california accounted for 18% and 19% of our commercial mortgage loan portfolio before valuation allowance as of december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014, respectively. we are, therefore, exposed to potential losses resulting from the risk of catastrophes, such as earthquakes, that may affect the region. like other lenders, we generally do not require earthquake insurance for properties on which we make commercial mortgage loans. with respect to california properties, however, we obtain an engineering report specific to each property. the report assesses the building's design specifications, whether it has been upgraded to meet seismic building codes and the maximum loss that is likely to result from a variety of different seismic events. we also obtain a report that assesses, by building and geographic fault lines, the amount of loss our commercial mortgage loan portfolio might suffer under a variety of seismic events.
the typical borrower in our commercial loan portfolio is a single purpose entity or single asset entity. as of december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014, the total number of commercial mortgage loans outstanding was 878 and 911, of which 60% and 63% were for loans with principal balances less than $10.0 million, respectively. the average loan size of our commercial mortgage portfolio was $12.8 million and $11.7 million as of december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014, respectively.
commercial mortgage loan credit monitoring.    for further details on monitoring and management of our commercial mortgage loan portfolio, see item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 4, investments — mortgage loan credit monitoring."
we categorize loans that are 60 days or more delinquent, loans in process of foreclosure and loans with borrowers or credit tenants in bankruptcy that are delinquent as "problem" loans. valuation allowances or charge-offs have been recognized on most problem loans. we categorize loans that are delinquent less than 60 days where the default is expected to be cured and loans with borrowers or credit tenants in bankruptcy that are current as "potential problem" loans. the decision whether to classify a loan delinquent less than 60 days as a potential problem involves significant subjective judgments by management as to the likely future economic conditions and developments with respect to the borrower. we categorize loans for which the original note rate has been reduced below market and loans for which the principal has been reduced as "restructured" loans. we also consider loans that are refinanced more than one year beyond the original maturity or call date at below market rates as restructured.
the following table presents the carrying amounts of problem, potential problem and restructured commercial mortgages relative to the carrying amount of all commercial mortgages for the years indicated.

total commercial mortgages                                                                                              $11,194.9         $10,657.2
problem commercial mortgages (1)                                                                                        $—                $4.5
potential problem commercial mortgages                                                                                  16.2              28.3
restructured problem commercial mortgages                                                                                      —          2.7
total problem, potential problem and restructured commercial mortgages                                                  $16.2             $35.5
total problem, potential problem and restructured commercial mortgages as a percent of total commercial mortgages       0.14          %   0.33          %
(1)
includes $0.0 million of commercial mortgage loans in foreclosure as of both december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014.
72
commercial mortgage loan valuation allowance.    the valuation allowance for commercial mortgage loans includes loan specific reserves for loans that are deemed to be impaired as well as reserves for pools of loans with similar risk characteristics where a property risk or market specific risk has not been identified but for which we anticipate a loss may occur. for further details on the commercial mortgage loan valuation allowance, see item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 4, investments — mortgage loan valuation allowance."
the following table represents our commercial mortgage loan valuation allowance for the years indicated.

balance, beginning of period                                     $26.9           $28.7
provision                                                        4.0                  (0.9   )
charge-offs                                                           (3.5   )        (0.9   )
recoveries                                                       0.1                  —
balance, end of period                                           $27.5           $26.9
valuation allowance as % of carrying value before reserves       0.25        %   0.25        %
residential mortgage loans.    the residential mortgage loan portfolio is composed of home equity mortgages with an amortized cost of $218.8 million and $283.4 million and first lien mortgages with an amortized cost of $401.2 million and $252.9 million as of december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014, respectively. the home equity loans are generally second lien mortgages made up of closed-end loans and lines of credit. non-performing residential mortgage loans, which are defined as loans 90 days or greater delinquent plus non-accrual loans, totaled $16.0 million and $20.4 million as of december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014, respectively.
we establish the residential mortgage loan valuation allowance at levels considered adequate to absorb estimated probable losses within the portfolio based on management's evaluation of the size and current risk characteristics of the portfolio. such evaluation considers numerous factors, including, but not limited to net charge-off trends, loss forecasts, collateral values, geographic location, borrower credit scores, delinquency rates, industry condition and economic trends. the changes in the valuation allowance are reported in net realized capital gains (losses) on our consolidated statements of operations.
our residential mortgage loan portfolio, and in particular our home equity loan portfolio, experienced an increase in loss severity from sustained elevated levels of unemployment along with continued depressed collateral values beginning in 2010. while these factors continue to drive charge-offs, loss rates overall have stabilized and the portfolio balance continues to decline. the following table represents our residential mortgage loan valuation allowance for the years indicated.

balance, beginning of period                                     $29.1           $40.3
provision                                                        0.1             7.9
charge-offs                                                           (8.9   )        (22.7   )
recoveries                                                       3.6             3.6
balance, end of period                                           $23.9           $29.1
valuation allowance as % of carrying value before reserves       3.9         %   5.4          %
real estate real estate consists primarily of commercial equity real estate. as of december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014, the carrying amount of our equity real estate investment was $1,447.2 million, or 2%, and $1,340.4 million, or 2%, of u.s. invested assets, respectively. our commercial equity real estate is held in the form of wholly owned real estate, real estate acquired upon foreclosure of commercial mortgage loans and majority owned interests in real estate joint ventures.
equity real estate is categorized as either "real estate held for investment" or "real estate held for sale." real estate held for investment totaled $1,280.4 million and $1,168.6 million as of december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014, respectively. the carrying value of real estate held for investment is generally adjusted for impairments whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. such impairment adjustments are recorded as net realized capital losses in our consolidated results of operations. impairment recorded for the years ended december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014 were $2.9 million and $6.2 million, respectively.
the carrying amount of real estate held for sale was $166.8 million and $171.8 million as of december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014, respectively. once we identify a real estate property to be sold and commence a plan for marketing the property, we classify the property as held for sale. we establish a valuation allowance subject to periodic revisions, if necessary, to adjust the carrying value of the property to reflect the lower of its current carrying value or the fair value,
73
less associated selling costs. no valuation allowance was established during the year ended december 31, 2015, or the year ended december 31, 2014.
we use research, both internal and external, to recommend appropriate product and geographic allocations and changes to the equity real estate portfolio. we monitor product, geographic and industry diversification separately and together to determine the most appropriate mix.
equity real estate is distributed across geographic regions of the country. as of december 31, 2015, our equity real estate portfolio was concentrated in the pacific (36%), south atlantic (20%), and west south central (19%) regions of the united states. by property type, there is a concentration in office that represented approximately 46% of the equity real estate portfolio as of december 31, 2015.
other investments our other investments totaled $1,877.4 million as of december 31, 2015, compared to $1,688.0 million as of december 31, 2014. derivative assets accounted for $659.6 million and $651.5 million in other investments as of december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014, respectively. the remaining invested assets are primarily related to equity method investments, which include real estate properties owned jointly with venture partners and operated by the partners, and seed money.
international investment operations of our invested assets, $6,503.6 million were held by our principal international segment as of december 31, 2015. the assets are primarily managed by the local principal international affiliate. due to the regulatory constraints in each country, each company maintains its own investment policies. as shown in the following table, the major category of international invested assets is fixed maturities. the following table excludes invested assets of the separate accounts.

fixed maturities:
public                                               $3,552.9       55      %         $3,245.2       53      %
private                                                   1.6           —                  2.1           —
equity securities                                     1,001.0       15                   662.7       11
mortgage loans:
commercial                                               42.9       1                     39.7       1
residential                                             505.5       8                    607.5       10
real estate held for sale                                 2.9           —                  2.2           —
real estate held for investment                           1.7           —                  2.0           —
policy loans                                             20.8           —                 22.7           —
other investments:
direct financing leases                                 819.3       13                   790.8       13
investment in equity method subsidiaries                485.7       7                    614.7       10
derivative assets and other investments                  69.3       1                    116.3       2
total invested assets                                 6,503.6       100     %          6,105.9       100     %
cash and cash equivalents                               271.9                            101.4
total invested assets and cash                       $6,775.5                         $6,207.3
regulations in certain locations require investment in the funds we manage. these required regulatory investments are classified as equity securities, trading within our consolidated statements of financial position, with all mark-to-market changes reflected in net investment income. our investment is primarily dictated by client activity and all investment performance is retained by us.
