item 1a. risk factors you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with the information included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k and other documents we file with the sec. the risks and uncertainties described below are those that we have identified as material, but are not the only risks and uncertainties facing us. our business is also subject to general risks and uncertainties that affect many other companies, such as market conditions, economic conditions, geopolitical events, changes in laws, regulations or accounting rules, fluctuations in interest rates, terrorism, wars or conflicts, major health concerns, natural disasters or other disruptions of expected business conditions. additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial also may impair our business, including our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition.
conditions in the global economy, the markets we serve and the financial markets may adversely affect our business and financial statements.
our business is sensitive to general economic conditions. slower global economic growth, actual or anticipated default on sovereign debt, volatility in the currency and credit markets, high levels of unemployment or underemployment, reduced levels of capital expenditures, changes or anticipation of potential changes in government fiscal, tax, trade and monetary policies, changes in capital requirements for financial institutions, government deficit reduction and budget negotiation dynamics, sequestration, austerity measures and other challenges that affect the global economy adversely affect the company and its distributors, customers and suppliers, including having the effect of:
•   reducing demand for our products and services (in this annual report, references to products and services also includes software), limiting the financing available to our customers and suppliers, increasing order cancellations and resulting in longer sales cycles and slower adoption of new technologies;
•   increasing price competition in our served markets;
•   supply interruptions, which could disrupt our ability to produce our products;
•   increasing the risk of impairment of goodwill and other long-lived assets, and the risk that we may not be able to fully recover the value of other assets such as real estate and tax assets; and
•   increasing the risk that counterparties to our contractual arrangements will become insolvent or otherwise unable to fulfill their contractual obligations which, in addition to increasing the risks identified above, could result in preference actions against us.
although we have been able to access the commercial paper and other capital markets through the date of this report, there can be no assurances that such markets will remain available to us or that the lenders participating in our revolving credit facility will be able to provide financing in accordance with their contractual obligations.
if growth in the global economy or in any of the markets we serve slows for a significant period, if there is significant deterioration in the global economy or such markets or if improvements in the global economy do not benefit the markets we serve, our business and financial statements could be adversely affected.
our growth could suffer if the markets into which we sell our products and services decline, do not grow as anticipated or experience cyclicality.
our growth depends in part on the growth of the markets which we serve, and visibility into our markets is limited (particularly for markets into which we sell through distribution). our quarterly sales and profits depend substantially on the volume and timing of orders received during the fiscal quarter, which are difficult to forecast. any decline or lower than expected growth in our served markets could diminish demand for our products and services, which would adversely affect our financial statements. certain of our businesses operate in industries that may experience periodic, cyclical downturns. in addition, in certain of our businesses demand depends on customers' capital spending budgets as well as government funding policies, and matters of public policy and government budget dynamics as well as product and economic cycles can affect the spending decisions of these entities. demand for our products and services is also sensitive to changes in customer order patterns, which may be affected by announced price changes, changes in incentive programs, new product introductions and customer inventory levels. any of these factors could adversely affect our growth and results of operations in any given period.
we face intense competition and if we are unable to compete effectively, we may experience decreased demand and decreased market share. even if we compete effectively, we may be required to reduce prices for our products and services.
our businesses operate in industries that are intensely competitive and have been subject to increasing consolidation. because of the range of the products and services we sell and the variety of markets we serve, we encounter a wide variety of competitors; refer to "item 1. business-competition" for additional details. in order to compete effectively, we must retain longstanding relationships with major customers and continue to grow our business by establishing relationships with new customers, continually developing new products and services to maintain and expand our brand recognition and leadership position in various product and service categories and penetrating new markets, including high-growth markets. in addition, significant shifts in industry market share can occur in connection with product problems, safety alerts and publications about products, reflecting the competitive significance of product quality, product efficacy and quality systems in our industry. our failure to compete effectively and/or pricing pressures resulting from competition may adversely impact our financial statements, and our expansion into new markets may result in greater-than-expected risks, liabilities and expenses.
our growth depends in part on the timely development and commercialization, and customer acceptance, of new and enhanced products and services based on technological innovation.
we generally sell our products and services in industries that are characterized by rapid technological changes, frequent new product introductions and changing industry standards. if we do not develop innovative new and enhanced products and services on a timely basis, our offerings will become obsolete over time and our competitive position and financial statements will suffer. our success will depend on several factors, including our ability to:
•   correctly identify customer needs and preferences and predict future needs and preferences;
•   allocate our r&amp;d funding to products and services with higher growth prospects;
•   anticipate and respond to our competitors' development of new products and services and technological innovations;
•   differentiate our offerings from our competitors' offerings and avoid commoditization;
•   innovate and develop new technologies and applications, and acquire or obtain rights to third-party technologies that may have valuable applications in our served markets;
•   obtain adequate intellectual property rights with respect to key technologies before our competitors do;
•   successfully commercialize new technologies in a timely manner, price them competitively and cost-effectively manufacture and deliver sufficient volumes of new products of appropriate quality on time;
•   obtain necessary regulatory approvals of appropriate scope (including with respect to medical device products by demonstrating satisfactory clinical results where applicable, as well as achieving third-party reimbursement); and
•   stimulate customer demand for and convince customers to adopt new technologies.
if we fail to accurately predict future customer needs and preferences or fail to produce viable technologies, we may invest heavily in r&d of products and services that do not lead to significant revenue, which would adversely affect our profitability.
even if we successfully innovate and develop new and enhanced products and services, we may incur substantial costs in doing so, and our profitability may suffer. in addition, promising new offerings may fail to reach the market or realize only limited commercial success because of real or perceived efficacy or safety concerns, failure to achieve positive clinical outcomes, uncertainty over third-party reimbursement or entrenched patterns of clinical practice. competitors may also develop after-market services and parts for our products which attract customers and adversely affect our return on investment for new products.
our reputation, ability to do business and financial statements may be impaired by improper conduct by any of our employees, agents or business partners.
we cannot provide assurance that our internal controls and compliance systems will always protect us from acts committed by employees, agents or business partners of ours (or of businesses we acquire or partner with) that would violate u.s. and/or non-u.s. laws, including the laws governing payments to government officials, bribery, fraud, kickbacks and false claims, pricing, sales and marketing practices, conflicts of interest, competition, export and import compliance, money laundering and data privacy. in particular, the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, the u.k. bribery act and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, and we operate in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree. any such improper actions or allegations of such acts could damage our reputation and subject us to civil or criminal investigations in the united states and in other jurisdictions and related shareholder lawsuits, could lead to substantial civil and criminal, monetary and nonmonetary penalties and could cause us to incur significant legal and investigatory fees. in addition, the government may seek to hold us liable as a successor for violations committed by companies in which we invest or that we acquire. we also rely on our suppliers to adhere to our supplier standards of conduct, and material violations of such standards of conduct could occur that could have a material effect on our business, reputation and financial statements.
certain of our businesses are subject to extensive regulation by the u.s. fda and by comparable agencies of other countries, as well as laws regulating fraud and abuse in the health care industry and the privacy and security of health information. failure to comply with those regulations could adversely affect our reputation, ability to do business and financial statements.
certain of our products are medical devices and other products that are subject to regulation by the u.s. fda, by other federal and state governmental agencies, by comparable agencies of other countries and regions and by regulations governing hazardous materials and drugs-of abuse (or the manufacture and sale of products containing any such materials). we cannot guarantee that we will be able to obtain regulatory clearance (such as 510(k) clearance) or approvals for our new products or modifications to (or additional indications or uses of) existing products within our anticipated timeframe or at all, and if we do obtain such clearance or approval it may be time-consuming, costly and subject to restrictions. our ability to obtain such regulatory clearances or approvals will depend on many factors, for example our ability to obtain the necessary clinical trial results, and the process for obtaining such clearances or approvals could change over time and may require the withdrawal of products from the market until such clearances are obtained. even after initial regulatory clearance or approval, if safety issues arise we may be required to amend conditions for use of a product, such as providing additional warnings on the product's label or narrowing its approved intended use, which could reduce the product's market acceptance. failure to obtain required regulatory clearances or approvals before marketing our products (or before implementing modifications to or promoting additional indications or uses of our products), other violations of these regulations, real or perceived efficacy or safety concerns or trends of adverse events with respect to our products (even after obtaining clearance for distribution) and unfavorable or inconsistent clinical data from existing or future clinical trials can lead to fda form 483 inspectional observations, warning letters, notices to customers, declining sales, loss of customers, loss of market share, recalls, seizures of adulterated or misbranded products, injunctions, administrative detentions, refusals to permit importations, partial or total shutdown of production facilities or the implementation of operating restrictions, narrowing of permitted uses for a product, suspension or withdrawal of approvals and pre-market notification rescissions. we are also subject to various laws regulating fraud and abuse, pricing and sales and marketing practices in the health care industry and the privacy and security of health information, including the federal regulations described in "item 1. business-regulatory matters."
failure to comply with applicable regulations could result in the adverse effects referenced below under "our businesses are subject to extensive regulation; failure to comply with those regulations could adversely affect our financial statements and our business, including our reputation." compliance with regulations may also require us to incur significant expenses.
the health care industry and related industries that we serve have undergone, and are in the process of undergoing, significant changes in an effort to reduce costs, which could adversely affect our financial statements.
the health care industry and related industries that we serve have undergone, and are in the process of undergoing, significant changes in an effort to reduce costs, including the following:
•   many of our customers, and the end-users to whom our customers supply products, rely on government funding of and reimbursement for health care products and services and research activities. the u.s. patient protection and affordable care act, as amended by the health care and education affordability reconciliation act (collectively, the "ppaca"), health care austerity measures in other countries and other potential health care reform changes and government austerity measures may reduce the amount of government funding or reimbursement available to customers or end-users of our products and services and/or the volume of medical procedures using our products and services. for example, the protecting access to medicare act of 2014, or pama, introduced a multi-year pricing program for services payable under the clinical laboratory fee schedule ("clfs") that is designed to bring medicare allowable amounts in line with the amounts paid by private payers. it is unclear whether and to what extent these new rates will affect overall pricing and reimbursement for clinical laboratory testing services, but if our customers conclude that medicare reimbursement for these services is inadequate, it could in turn adversely impact the prices at which we sell our products. other countries also control the price of health care products, directly or indirectly, through reimbursement, payment, pricing or coverage limitations or through compulsory licensing. global economic uncertainty or deterioration can also adversely impact government funding and reimbursement.
•   governmental and private health care providers and payors around the world are increasingly utilizing managed care for the delivery of health care services, forming group purchasing organizations and integrated health delivery networks and pursuing consolidation to improve their purchasing leverage and using competitive bid processes to procure health care products and services.
these changes as well as other impacts from market demand, government regulations, third-party coverage and reimbursement policies and societal pressures have increased our tax liabilities and may cause participants in the health care industry and related industries that we serve to purchase fewer of our products and services, reduce the prices they are willing to pay for our products or services, reduce the amounts of reimbursement and funding available for our products and services from governmental agencies or third-party payors, reduce the volume of medical procedures that use our products and services, affect the acceptance rate of new technologies and products and increase our compliance and other costs. in addition, we may be unable to enter into contracts with group purchasing organizations and integrated health networks on terms acceptable to us, and even if we do enter into such contracts they may be on terms that negatively affect our current or future profitability. all of the factors described above could adversely affect our business and financial statements.
any inability to consummate acquisitions at our historical rate and at appropriate prices could negatively impact our growth rate and stock price.
our ability to grow revenues, earnings and cash flow at or above our historic rates depends in part upon our ability to identify and successfully acquire and integrate businesses at appropriate prices and realize anticipated synergies. we may not be able to consummate acquisitions at rates similar to the past, which could adversely impact our growth rate and our stock price. promising acquisitions are difficult to identify and complete for a number of reasons, including high valuations, competition among prospective buyers, the availability of affordable funding in the capital markets and the need to satisfy applicable closing conditions and obtain antitrust and other regulatory approvals on acceptable terms. in addition, competition for acquisitions may result in higher purchase prices. changes in accounting or regulatory requirements or instability in the credit markets could also adversely impact our ability to consummate acquisitions.
our acquisition of businesses, investments, joint ventures and strategic relationships could negatively impact our financial statements.
as part of our business strategy we acquire businesses, make investments and enter into joint ventures and other strategic relationships in the ordinary course, and we also from time to time complete more significant transactions; refer to "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" ("md&a") for additional details. acquisitions, investments, joint ventures and strategic relationships involve a number of financial, accounting, managerial, operational, legal, compliance and other risks and challenges, including the following, any of which could adversely affect our business and our financial statements:
•   any business, technology, service or product that we acquire or invest in could under-perform relative to our expectations and the price that we paid or not perform in accordance with our anticipated timetable, or we could fail to make any such business profitable.
•   we may incur or assume significant debt in connection with our acquisitions, investments, joint ventures or strategic relationships, which could also cause a deterioration of danaher's credit ratings, result in increased borrowing costs and interest expense and diminish our future access to the capital markets.
•   acquisitions, investments, joint ventures or strategic relationships could cause our financial results to differ from our own or the investment community's expectations in any given period, or over the long-term.
•   acquisitions, investments, joint ventures or strategic relationships could create demands on our management, operational resources and financial and internal control systems that we are unable to effectively address.
•   we could experience difficulty in integrating personnel, operations and financial and other controls and systems and retaining key employees and customers.
•   we may be unable to achieve cost savings or other synergies anticipated in connection with an acquisition, investment, joint venture or strategic relationship.
•   we may assume unknown liabilities, known contingent liabilities that become realized, known liabilities that prove greater than anticipated, internal control deficiencies or exposure to regulatory sanctions resulting from the acquired company's or investee's activities and the realization of any of these liabilities or deficiencies may increase our expenses, adversely affect our financial position or cause us to fail to meet our public financial reporting obligations.
•   in connection with acquisitions and joint ventures, we often enter into post-closing financial arrangements such as purchase price adjustments, earn-out obligations and indemnification obligations, which may have unpredictable financial results.
•   as a result of our acquisitions and investments, we have recorded significant goodwill and other assets on our balance sheet and if we are not able to realize the value of these assets, we may be required to incur impairment charges.
•   we may have interests that diverge from those of our joint venture partners or other strategic partners and we may not be able to direct the management and operations of the joint venture or other strategic relationship in the manner we believe is most appropriate, exposing us to additional risk.
•   investing in or making loans to early-stage companies often entails a high degree of risk, and we may not achieve the strategic, technological, financial or commercial benefits we anticipate; we may lose our investment or fail to recoup our loan; or our investment may be illiquid for a greater-than-expected period of time.
the indemnification provisions of acquisition agreements by which we have acquired companies may not fully protect us and as a result we may face unexpected liabilities.
certain of the acquisition agreements by which we have acquired companies require the former owners to indemnify us against certain liabilities related to the operation of the company before we acquired it. in most of these agreements, however, the liability of the former owners is limited and certain former owners may be unable to meet their indemnification responsibilities. we cannot assure you that these indemnification provisions will protect us fully or at all, and as a result we may face unexpected liabilities that adversely affect our financial statements.
divestitures or other dispositions could negatively impact our business, and contingent liabilities from businesses that we have sold could adversely affect our financial statements.
we continually assess the strategic fit of our existing businesses and may divest, spin-off, split-off or otherwise dispose of businesses that are deemed not to fit with our strategic plan or are not achieving the desired return on investment. for example, we split-off our communications business in 2015 and spun-off our fortive business in 2016. transactions such as these pose risks and challenges that could negatively impact our business and financial statements. for example, when we decide to sell or otherwise dispose of a business or assets, we may be unable to do so on satisfactory terms within our anticipated timeframe or at all, and even after reaching a definitive agreement to sell or dispose a business the sale is typically subject to satisfaction of pre-closing conditions which may not become satisfied. in addition, divestitures or other dispositions may dilute the company's earnings per share, have other adverse financial and accounting impacts and distract management, and disputes may arise with buyers. in addition, we have retained responsibility for and/or have agreed to indemnify buyers against some known and unknown contingent liabilities related to a number of businesses we have sold or disposed. the resolution of these contingencies has not had a material effect on our financial statements but we cannot be certain that this favorable pattern will continue.
we could incur significant liability if the 2016 spin-off of fortive corporation ("fortive") or the 2015 split-off of our communications business is determined to be a taxable transaction.
in july 2015, the company consummated the split-off of the majority of its former communications business to danaher shareholders who elected to exchange danaher shares for ownership interests in the communications business, and the subsequent merger of the communications business with a subsidiary of netscout. danaher shareholders who participated in the exchange offer tendered 26 million shares of danaher common stock (approximately $2.3 billion on the date of tender) and received 62.5 million shares of netscout common stock which represented approximately 60% of the shares of netscout common stock outstanding following the combination.
on july 2, 2016, danaher completed the separation (the "separation") of its former test & measurement segment, industrial technologies segment (excluding the product identification businesses) and retail/commercial petroleum business by distributing to danaher stockholders on a pro rata basis all of the issued and outstanding common stock of fortive, the entity danaher incorporated to hold such businesses. to effect the separation, danaher distributed to its stockholders one share of fortive common stock for every two shares of danaher common stock outstanding as of june 15, 2016, the record date for the distribution.
we have received opinions from outside tax counsel to the effect that each of the fortive separation in 2016 and the split-off of our communications business in 2015 qualifies as a transaction that is described in sections 355(a) and 368(a)(1)(d) of the internal revenue code. these opinions rely on certain facts, assumptions, representations and undertakings regarding the past and future conduct of the companies' respective businesses and other matters. if any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are incorrect or not satisfied, our stockholders and we may not be able to rely on the respective opinion of tax counsel and could be subject to significant tax liabilities. notwithstanding the opinion of tax counsel we have received, the internal revenue service ("irs") could determine on audit that either or both separations are taxable if it determines that any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are not correct or have been violated or if it disagrees with the conclusions in the respective opinion. if either transaction is determined to be taxable for u.s. federal income tax purposes, our stockholders that are subject to u.s. federal income tax and we could incur significant u.s. federal income tax liabilities.
potential indemnification liabilities pursuant to the 2016 spin-off of fortive and the 2015 split-off of our communications business could materially and adversely affect our business and financial statements.
we entered into a separation and distribution agreement and related agreements with fortive to govern the separation and the relationship between the two companies going forward. we entered into similar agreements with netscout systems, inc. in connection with the split-off of our communications business. these agreements provide for specific indemnity and liability obligations of each party and could lead to disputes between us. if we are required to indemnify the other parties under the circumstances set forth in these agreements, we may be subject to substantial liabilities. in addition, with respect to the liabilities for which the other parties have agreed to indemnify us under these agreements, there can be no assurance that the indemnity rights we have against such other parties will be sufficient to protect us against the full amount of the liabilities, or that such other parties will be able to fully satisfy its indemnification obligations. it is also possible that a court could disregard the allocation of assets and liabilities agreed to between danaher and such other parties and require danaher to assume responsibility for obligations allocated to such other parties. each of these risks could negatively affect our business and financial statements.
a significant disruption in, or breach in security of, our information technology systems or violation of data privacy laws could adversely affect our business, reputation and financial statements.
we rely on information technology systems, some of which are managed by third-parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information (including sensitive data such as confidential business information and personally identifiable data relating to employees, customers, other business partners and patients), and to manage or support a variety of critical business processes and activities (such as receiving and fulfilling orders, billing, collecting and making payments, shipping products, providing services and support to customers and fulfilling contractual obligations). in addition, some of our remote monitoring products and services incorporate software and information technology that may house personal data and some products or software we sell to customers may connect to our systems for maintenance or other purposes. these systems, products and services may be damaged, disrupted or shut down due to attacks by computer hackers, computer viruses, ransomware, human error or malfeasance, power outages, hardware failures, telecommunication or utility failures, catastrophes or other unforeseen events, and in any such circumstances our system redundancy and other disaster recovery planning may be ineffective or inadequate. attacks may also target hardware, software and information installed, stored or transmitted in our products after such products have been purchased and incorporated into third-party products, facilities or infrastructure. security breaches of systems provided or enabled by us, regardless of whether the breach is attributable to a vulnerability in our products or services, could result in the misappropriation, destruction or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information or personal data belonging to us or to our employees, partners, customers or suppliers. like most multinational corporations, our information technology systems have been subject to computer viruses, malicious codes, unauthorized access and other cyber-attacks and we expect the sophistication and frequency of such attacks to continue to increase. unauthorized tampering, adulteration or interference with our products may also adversely affect product functionality and result in loss of data, risk to patient safety and product recalls or field actions. any of the attacks, breaches or other disruptions or damage described above could interrupt our operations or the operations of our customers and partners, delay production and shipments, result in theft of our and our customers' intellectual property and trade secrets, damage customer and business partner relationships and our reputation or result in defective products or services, legal claims and proceedings, liability and penalties under privacy laws and increased costs for security and remediation, each of which could adversely affect our business, reputation and financial statements.
if we are unable to maintain reliable information technology systems and appropriate controls with respect to global data privacy and security requirements and prevent data breaches, we may suffer regulatory consequences in addition to business consequences. as a global organization, we are subject to data privacy and security laws, regulations, and customer-imposed controls in numerous jurisdictions as a result of having access to and processing confidential, personal and/or sensitive data in the course of our business. for example, in the united states, hipaa privacy and security rules require certain of our operations to maintain controls to protect the availability and confidentiality of patient health information, individual states regulate data breach and security requirements and multiple governmental bodies assert authority over aspects of the protection of personal privacy. european laws require us to have an approved legal mechanism to transfer personal data out of europe, and the new eu general data protection regulation, which takes effect in may 2018, will impose significantly stricter requirements in how we collect and process personal data. several countries, such as china and russia, have passed laws that require personal data relating to their citizens to be maintained on local servers and impose additional data transfer restrictions. government enforcement actions can be costly and interrupt the regular operation of our business, and data breaches or violations of data privacy laws can result in fines, reputational damage and civil lawsuits, any of which may adversely affect our business, reputation and financial statements.
our operations, products and services expose us to the risk of environmental, health and safety liabilities, costs and violations that could adversely affect our business, reputation and financial statements.
our operations, products and services are subject to environmental laws and regulations, which impose limitations on the discharge of pollutants into the environment, establish standards for the use, generation, treatment, storage and disposal of hazardous and nonhazardous wastes and impose end-of-life disposal and take-back programs. we must also comply with various health and safety regulations in the united states and abroad in connection with our operations. we cannot assure you that our environmental, health and safety compliance program (or the compliance programs of businesses we acquire) have been or will at all times be effective. failure to comply with any of these laws could result in civil and criminal, monetary and nonmonetary penalties and damage to our reputation. in addition, we cannot provide assurance that our costs of complying with current or future environmental protection and health and safety laws will not exceed our estimates or adversely affect our financial statements.
in addition, we may incur costs related to remedial efforts or alleged environmental damage associated with past or current waste disposal practices or other hazardous materials handling practices. we are also from time to time party to personal injury, property damage or other claims brought by private parties alleging injury or damage due to the presence of or exposure to hazardous substances. we may also become subject to additional remedial, compliance or personal injury costs due to future events such as changes in existing laws or regulations, changes in agency direction or enforcement policies, developments in remediation technologies, changes in the conduct of our operations and changes in accounting rules. for additional information regarding these risks, refer to note 16 to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report. we cannot assure you that our liabilities arising from past or future releases of, or exposures to, hazardous substances will not exceed our estimates or adversely affect our reputation and financial statements or that we will not be subject to additional claims for personal injury or remediation in the future based on our past, present or future business activities. however, based on the information we currently have we do not believe that it is reasonably possible that any amounts we may be required to pay in connection with environmental matters in excess of our reserves as of december 31, 2017 will have a material effect on our financial statements.
our businesses are subject to extensive regulation; failure to comply with those regulations could adversely affect our financial statements and our business, including our reputation.
in addition to the environmental, health, safety, health care, medical device, anticorruption, data privacy and other regulations noted elsewhere in this annual report, our businesses are subject to extensive regulation by u.s. and non-u.s. governmental and self-regulatory entities at the supranational, federal, state, local and other jurisdictional levels, including the following:
•   we are required to comply with various import laws and export control and economic sanctions laws, which may affect our transactions with certain customers, business partners and other persons and dealings between our employees and between our subsidiaries. in certain circumstances, export control and economic sanctions regulations may prohibit the export of certain products, services and technologies. in other circumstances, we may be required to obtain an export license before exporting the controlled item. compliance with the various import laws that apply to our businesses can restrict our access to, and increase the cost of obtaining, certain products and at times can interrupt our supply of imported inventory.
•   we also have agreements to sell products and services to government entities and are subject to various statutes and regulations that apply to companies doing business with government entities. the laws governing government contracts differ from the laws governing private contracts. for example, many government contracts contain pricing and other terms and conditions that are not applicable to private contracts. our agreements with government entities may be subject to termination, reduction or modification at the convenience of the government or in the event of changes in government requirements, reductions in federal spending and other factors, and we may underestimate our costs of performing under the contract. in certain cases, a governmental entity may require us to pay back amounts it has paid to us. government contracts that have been awarded to us following a bid process could become the subject of a bid protest by a losing bidder, which could result in loss of the contract. we are also subject to investigation and audit for compliance with the requirements governing government contracts.
these are not the only regulations that our businesses must comply with. the regulations we are subject to have tended to become more stringent over time and may be inconsistent across jurisdictions. we, our representatives and the industries in which we operate may at times be under review and/or investigation by regulatory authorities. failure to comply (or any alleged or perceived failure to comply) with the regulations referenced above or any other regulations could result in civil and criminal, monetary and nonmonetary penalties, and any such failure or alleged failure (or becoming subject to a regulatory enforcement investigation) could also damage our reputation, disrupt our business, limit our ability to manufacture, import, export and sell products and services, result in loss of customers and disbarment from selling to certain federal agencies and cause us to incur significant legal and investigatory fees. compliance with these and other regulations may also affect our returns on investment, require us to incur significant expenses or modify our business model or impair our flexibility in modifying product, marketing, pricing or other strategies for growing our business. our products and operations are also often subject to the rules of industrial standards bodies such as the international standards organization, and failure to comply with these rules could result in withdrawal of certifications needed to sell our products and services and otherwise adversely impact our business and financial statements. for additional information regarding these risks, refer to "item 1. business-regulatory matters."
our restructuring actions could have long-term adverse effects on our business.
in recent years, we have implemented significant restructuring activities across our businesses to adjust our cost structure, and we may engage in similar restructuring activities in the future. these restructuring activities and our regular ongoing cost reduction activities (including in connection with the integration of acquired businesses) reduce our available talent, assets and other resources and could slow improvements in our products and services, adversely affect our ability to respond to customers, limit our ability to increase production quickly if demand for our products increases and trigger adverse public attention. in addition, delays in implementing planned restructuring activities or other productivity improvements, unexpected costs or failure to meet targeted improvements may diminish the operational or financial benefits we expect to realize from such actions. any of the circumstances described above could adversely impact our business and financial statements.
we may be required to recognize impairment charges for our goodwill and other intangible assets.
as of december 31, 2017, the net carrying value of our goodwill and other intangible assets totaled approximately $36.8 billion. in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, we periodically assess these assets to determine if they are impaired. significant negative industry or economic trends, disruptions to our business, inability to effectively integrate acquired businesses, unexpected significant changes or planned changes in use of our assets, changes in the structure of our business, divestitures, market capitalization declines, or increases in associated discount rates may impair our goodwill and other intangible assets. any charges relating to such impairments would adversely affect our results of operations in the periods recognized.
foreign currency exchange rates may adversely affect our financial statements.
sales and purchases in currencies other than the u.s. dollar expose us to fluctuations in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar and may adversely affect our financial statements. increased strength of the u.s. dollar increases the effective price of our products sold in u.s. dollars into other countries, which may require us to lower our prices or adversely affect sales to the extent we do not increase local currency prices. decreased strength of the u.s. dollar could adversely affect the cost of materials, products and services we purchase overseas. sales and expenses of our non-u.s. businesses are also translated into u.s. dollars for reporting purposes and the strengthening or weakening of the u.s. dollar could result in unfavorable translation effects. in addition, certain of our businesses may invoice customers in a currency other than the business' functional currency, and movements in the invoiced currency relative to the functional currency could also result in unfavorable translation effects. the company also faces exchange rate risk from its investments in subsidiaries owned and operated in foreign countries.
changes in our tax rates or exposure to additional income tax liabilities or assessments could affect our profitability. in addition, audits by tax authorities could result in additional tax payments for prior periods.
we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and in various non-u.s. jurisdictions.  on december 22, 2017, the tax cuts and jobs act ("tcja") was enacted.  the tcja significantly revises the u.s. federal corporate income tax law by, among other things, lowering the corporate income tax rate to 21% (beginning in 2018), implementing a territorial tax system, and imposing a one-time tax on unremitted cumulative non-u.s. earnings of foreign subsidiaries ("transition tax").  the u.s. treasury department and irs have not yet issued regulations with respect to the tcja.
due to the potential for changes to tax laws and regulations or changes to the interpretation thereof (including regulations and interpretations pertaining to the tcja), the ambiguity of tax laws and regulations, the subjectivity of factual interpretations, the complexity of our intercompany arrangements, uncertainties regarding the geographic mix of earnings in any particular period, and other factors, our estimates of effective tax rate and income tax assets and liabilities may be incorrect and our financial statements could be adversely affected; please refer to md&a for a discussion of additional factors that may adversely affect our effective tax rate and decrease our profitability in any period.  for example, our estimate of the net one-time charge we have incurred related to the tcja could differ materially from our actual liability, due to, among other things, further refinement of our calculations, changes in interpretations and assumptions that we have made, additional guidance that may be issued by the u.s. treasury department and irs, and actions we may take as a result of the tcja. the impact of the factors referenced in the first sentence of this paragraph may be substantially different from period-to-period.
in addition, the amount of income taxes we pay is subject to ongoing audits by u.s. federal, state and local tax authorities and by non-u.s. tax authorities, such as the audits described in md&a and the company's financial statements.  if audits result in payments or assessments different from our reserves, our future results may include unfavorable adjustments to our tax liabilities and our financial statements could be adversely affected.  any further significant changes to the tax system in the united states or in other jurisdictions (including changes in the taxation of international income as further described below) could adversely affect our financial statements.
changes in tax law relating to multinational corporations could adversely affect our tax position.
the u.s. congress, government agencies in non-u.s. jurisdictions where we and our affiliates do business, and the organisation for economic co-operation and development ("oecd") have recently focused on issues related to the taxation of multinational corporations. one example is in the area of "base erosion and profit shifting," where profits are claimed to be earned for tax purposes in low-tax jurisdictions, or payments are made between affiliates from a jurisdiction with high tax rates to a jurisdiction with lower tax rates. the oecd has released several components of its comprehensive plan to create an agreed set of international rules for addressing base erosion and profit shifting. as a result, the tax laws in the united states and other countries in which we do business could change on a prospective or retroactive basis, and any such changes could adversely affect our business and financial statements.
we are subject to a variety of litigation and other legal and regulatory proceedings in the course of our business that could adversely affect our business and financial statements.
we are subject to a variety of litigation and other legal and regulatory proceedings incidental to our business (or the business operations of previously owned entities), including claims or counterclaims for damages arising out of the use of products or services and claims relating to intellectual property matters, employment matters, tax matters, commercial disputes, competition and sales and trading practices, environmental matters, personal injury, insurance coverage and acquisition or divestiture-related matters, as well as regulatory investigations or enforcement. we may also become subject to lawsuits as a result of past or future acquisitions or as a result of liabilities retained from, or representations, warranties or indemnities provided in connection with, divested businesses. the types of claims made in lawsuits include claims for compensatory damages, punitive and consequential damages (and in some cases, treble damages) and/or injunctive relief. the defense of these lawsuits may divert our management's attention, we may incur significant expenses in defending these lawsuits, and we may be required to pay damage awards or settlements or become subject to equitable remedies that could adversely affect our operations and financial statements. moreover, any insurance or indemnification rights that we may have may be insufficient or unavailable to protect us against such losses. in addition, developments in proceedings in any given period may require us to adjust the loss contingency estimates that we have recorded in our financial statements, record estimates for liabilities or assets previously not susceptible of reasonable estimates or pay cash settlements or judgments. any of these developments could adversely affect our financial statements in any particular period. we cannot assure you that our liabilities in connection with litigation and other legal and regulatory proceedings will not exceed our estimates or adversely affect our financial statements and business. however, based on our experience, current information and applicable law, we do not believe that it is reasonably possible that any amounts we may be required to pay in connection with litigation and other legal and regulatory proceedings in excess of our reserves as of december 31, 2017 will have a material effect on our financial statements.
if we do not or cannot adequately protect our intellectual property, or if third-parties infringe our intellectual property rights, we may suffer competitive injury or expend significant resources enforcing our rights.
we own numerous patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and other intellectual property and licenses to intellectual property owned by others, which in aggregate are important to our business. the intellectual property rights that we obtain, however, may not be sufficiently broad or otherwise may not provide us a significant competitive advantage, and patents may not be issued for pending or future patent applications owned by or licensed to us. in addition, the steps that we and our licensors have taken to maintain and protect our intellectual property may not prevent it from being challenged, invalidated, circumvented, designed-around or becoming subject to compulsory licensing, particularly in countries where intellectual property rights are not highly developed or protected. in some circumstances, enforcement may not be available to us because an infringer has a dominant intellectual property position or for other business reasons, or countries may require compulsory licensing of our intellectual property. we also rely on nondisclosure and noncompetition agreements with employees, consultants and other parties to protect, in part, trade secrets and other proprietary rights. there can be no assurance that these agreements will adequately protect our trade secrets and other proprietary rights and will not be breached, that we will have adequate remedies for any breach, that others will not independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information or that third-parties will not otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or other proprietary rights. our failure to obtain or maintain intellectual property rights that convey competitive advantage, adequately protect our intellectual property or detect or prevent circumvention or unauthorized use of such property and the cost of enforcing our intellectual property rights could adversely impact our business, including our competitive position, and financial statements.
third-parties may claim that we are infringing or misappropriating their intellectual property rights and we could suffer significant litigation expenses, losses or licensing expenses or be prevented from selling products or services.
from time to time, we receive notices from third-parties alleging intellectual property infringement or misappropriation. any dispute or litigation regarding intellectual property could be costly and time-consuming due to the complexity of many of our technologies and the uncertainty of intellectual property litigation. our intellectual property portfolio may not be useful in asserting a counterclaim, or negotiating a license, in response to a claim of infringement or misappropriation. in addition, as a result of such claims of infringement or misappropriation, we could lose our rights to critical technology, be unable to license critical technology or sell critical products and services, be required to pay substantial damages or license fees with respect to the infringed rights or be required to redesign our products at substantial cost, any of which could adversely impact our business, including our competitive position, and financial statements. even if we successfully defend against claims of infringement or misappropriation, we may incur significant costs and diversion of management attention and resources, which could adversely affect our business and financial statements.
the u.s. government has certain rights to use and disclose some of the intellectual property that we license and could exclusively license it to a third-party if we fail to achieve practical application of the intellectual property.
certain technology licensed by us under agreements with third-party licensors may be subject to government rights. government rights in inventions conceived or reduced to practice under a government-funded program may include a nonexclusive, royalty-free worldwide license to practice or have practiced such inventions for any governmental purpose. in addition, the u.s. government has the right to require us or our licensors (as applicable) to grant licenses which would be exclusive under any of such inventions to a third-party if they determine that: (1) adequate steps have not been taken to commercialize such inventions in a particular field of use; (2) such action is necessary to meet public health or safety needs; or (3) such action is necessary to meet requirements for public use under federal regulations. further, the government rights include the right to use and disclose, without limitation, technical data relating to licensed technology that was developed in whole or in part at government expense.
defects and unanticipated use or inadequate disclosure with respect to our products or services (including software), or allegations thereof, could adversely affect our business, reputation and financial statements.
manufacturing or design defects or "bugs" in, unanticipated use of, safety or quality issues (or the perception of such issues) with respect to, "off label" use of, or inadequate disclosure of risks relating to the use of products and services that we make or sell (including items that we source from third-parties) can lead to personal injury, death, property damage, loss of profits or other liability. these events could lead to recalls or safety alerts, result in the removal of a product or service from the market and result in product liability or similar claims being brought against us. recalls, removals and product liability and similar claims (regardless of their validity or ultimate outcome) can result in significant costs, as well as negative publicity and damage to our reputation that could reduce demand for our products and services. our business can also be affected by studies of the utilization, safety and efficacy of medical device products and components that are conducted by industry participants, government agencies and others. any of the above can result in the discontinuation of marketing of such products in one or more countries, and may give rise to claims for damages from persons who believe they have been injured as a result of product issues.
the manufacture of many of our products is a highly exacting and complex process, and if we directly or indirectly encounter problems manufacturing products, our reputation, business and financial statements could suffer.
the manufacture of many of our products is a highly exacting and complex process, due in part to strict regulatory requirements. problems may arise during manufacturing for a variety of reasons, including equipment malfunction, failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, problems with raw materials, natural disasters and environmental factors, and if not discovered before the product is released to market could result in recalls and product liability exposure. because of the time required to approve and license certain regulated manufacturing facilities and other stringent regulations of the fda and similar agencies regarding the manufacture of certain of our products, an alternative manufacturer may not be available on a timely basis to replace such production capacity. any of these manufacturing problems could result in significant costs, liability and lost revenue, as well as negative publicity and damage to our reputation that could reduce demand for our products.
our indebtedness may limit our operations and our use of our cash flow, and any failure to comply with the covenants that apply to our indebtedness could adversely affect our liquidity and financial statements.
as of december 31, 2017, we had approximately $10.5 billion in outstanding indebtedness. in addition, as of december 31, 2017, we had the ability to incur an additional $1.6 billion of indebtedness in direct borrowings or under the outstanding commercial paper facility based on the amounts available under the company's $4.0 billion credit facility which were not being used to backstop outstanding commercial paper balances. our debt level and related debt service obligations can have negative consequences, including (1) requiring us to dedicate significant cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our debt, which reduces the funds we have available for other purposes such as acquisitions and capital investment; (2) reducing our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our business and market conditions; and (3) exposing us to interest rate risk since a portion of our debt obligations are at variable rates. we may incur significantly more debt in the future, particularly to finance acquisitions, and there can be no assurance that our cost of funding will not substantially increase.
our current revolving credit facility and long-term debt obligations also impose certain restrictions on us; for more information refer to md&a. if we breach any of these restrictions and do not obtain a waiver from the lenders, subject to applicable cure periods the outstanding indebtedness (and any other indebtedness with cross-default provisions) could be declared immediately due and payable, which would adversely affect our liquidity and financial statements. in addition, any failure to maintain the credit ratings assigned to us by independent rating agencies would adversely affect our cost of funds and could adversely affect our liquidity and access to the capital markets. if we add new debt, the risks described above could increase.
adverse changes in our relationships with, or the financial condition, performance, purchasing patterns or inventory levels of, key distributors and other channel partners could adversely affect our financial statements.
certain of our businesses sell a significant amount of their products to or through key distributors and other channel partners that have valuable relationships with customers and end-users. some of these distributors and other partners also sell our competitors' products or compete with us directly, and if they favor competing products for any reason they may fail to market our products effectively. adverse changes in our relationships with these distributors and other partners, reduction or discontinuation of their purchases from us or adverse developments in their financial condition, performance or purchasing patterns, could adversely affect our business and financial statements.  the levels of inventory maintained by our distributors and other channel partners, and changes in those levels, can also significantly impact our results of operations in any given period. in addition, the consolidation of distributors and customers in certain of our served industries could adversely impact our business and financial statements.
certain of our businesses rely on relationships with collaborative partners and other third-parties for development, supply and marketing of certain products and potential products, and such collaborative partners or other third-parties could fail to perform sufficiently.
we believe that for certain of our businesses, success in penetrating target markets depends in part on their ability to develop and maintain collaborative relationships with other companies. relying on collaborative relationships is risky because, among other things, our collaborative partners may (1) not devote sufficient resources to the success of our collaborations; (2) fail to obtain regulatory approvals necessary to continue the collaborations in a timely manner; (3) be acquired by other companies and terminate our collaborative partnership or become insolvent; (4) compete with us; (5) disagree with us on key details of the collaborative relationship; (6) have insufficient capital resources; and (7) decline to renew existing collaborations on acceptable terms. because these and other factors may be beyond our control, the development or commercialization of our products involved in collaborative partnerships may be delayed or otherwise adversely affected. if we or any of our collaborative partners terminate a collaborative arrangement, we may be required to devote additional resources to product development and commercialization or we may need to cancel some development programs, which could adversely affect our business and financial statements.
our financial results are subject to fluctuations in the cost and availability of commodities that we use in our operations.
as discussed in "item 1. business-materials," our manufacturing and other operations employ a wide variety of components, raw materials and other commodities. prices for and availability of these components, raw materials and other commodities have fluctuated significantly in the past. any sustained interruption in the supply of these items could adversely affect our business. in addition, due to the highly competitive nature of the industries that we serve, the cost-containment efforts of our customers and the terms of certain contracts we are party to, if commodity prices rise we may be unable to pass along cost increases through higher prices. if we are unable to fully recover higher commodity costs through price increases or offset these increases through cost reductions, or if there is a time delay between the increase in costs and our ability to recover or offset these costs, our margins and profitability could decline and our financial statements could be adversely affected.
if we cannot adjust our manufacturing capacity or the purchases required for our manufacturing activities to reflect changes in market conditions and customer demand, our profitability may suffer. in addition, our reliance upon sole or limited sources of supply for certain materials, components and services could cause production interruptions, delays and inefficiencies.
we purchase materials, components and equipment from third-parties for use in our manufacturing operations. our income could be adversely impacted if we are unable to adjust our purchases to reflect changes in customer demand and market fluctuations, including those caused by seasonality or cyclicality. during a market upturn, suppliers may extend lead times, limit supplies or increase prices. if we cannot purchase sufficient products at competitive prices and quality and on a timely enough basis to meet increasing demand, we may not be able to satisfy market demand, product shipments may be delayed, our costs may increase or we may breach our contractual commitments and incur liabilities. conversely, in order to secure supplies for the production of products, we sometimes enter into noncancelable purchase commitments with vendors, which could impact our ability to adjust our inventory to reflect declining market demands. if demand for our products is less than we expect, we may experience additional excess and obsolete inventories and be forced to incur additional charges and our profitability may suffer.
in addition, some of our businesses purchase certain requirements from sole or limited source suppliers for reasons of quality assurance, regulatory requirements, cost effectiveness, availability or uniqueness of design. if these or other suppliers encounter financial, operating or other difficulties or if our relationship with them changes, we might not be able to quickly establish or qualify replacement sources of supply. the supply chains for our businesses could also be disrupted by supplier capacity constraints, bankruptcy or exiting of the business for other reasons, decreased availability of key raw materials or commodities and external events such as natural disasters, pandemic health issues, war, terrorist actions, governmental actions and legislative or regulatory changes. any of these factors could result in production interruptions, delays, extended lead times and inefficiencies.
because we cannot always immediately adapt our production capacity and related cost structures to changing market conditions, our manufacturing capacity may at times exceed or fall short of our production requirements. any or all of these problems could result in the loss of customers, provide an opportunity for competing products to gain market acceptance and otherwise adversely affect our financial statements.
changes in governmental regulations may reduce demand for our products or services or increase our expenses.
we compete in markets in which we and our customers must comply with supranational, federal, state, local and other jurisdictional regulations, such as regulations governing health and safety, the environment, food and drugs, privacy and electronic communications. we develop, configure and market our products and services to meet customer needs created by these regulations. these regulations are complex, change frequently, have tended to become more stringent over time and may be inconsistent across jurisdictions. any significant change in any of these regulations (or in the interpretation or application thereof) could reduce demand for, increase our costs of producing or delay the introduction of new or modified products and services, or could restrict our existing activities, products and services. for example, a number of our products and services are marketed to the pharmaceutical and related industries for use in discovering and developing drugs and therapies. changes in the u.s. fda's regulation of the drug discovery and development process could have an adverse effect on the demand for these products and services. in addition, in certain of our markets our growth depends in part upon the introduction of new regulations. in these markets, the delay or failure of governmental and other entities to adopt or enforce new regulations, the adoption of new regulations which our products and services are not positioned to address or the repeal of existing regulations, could adversely affect demand. in addition, regulatory deadlines may result in substantially different levels of demand for our products and services from period-to-period.
work stoppages, union and works council campaigns and other labor disputes could adversely impact our productivity and results of operations.
we have a number of u.s. collective bargaining units and various non-u.s. collective labor arrangements. we are subject to potential work stoppages, union and works council campaigns and other labor disputes, any of which could adversely impact our financial statements and business, including our productivity and reputation.
international economic, political, legal, compliance and business factors could negatively affect our financial statements.
in 2017, approximately 63% of our sales were derived from customers outside the united states. in addition, many of our manufacturing operations, suppliers and employees are located outside the united states. since our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to further penetrate markets outside the united states and increase the localization of our products and services, we expect to continue to increase our sales and presence outside the united states, particularly in the high-growth markets. our international business (and particularly our business in high-growth markets) is subject to risks that are customarily encountered in non-u.s. operations, including:
•   interruption in the transportation of materials to us and finished goods to our customers;
•   local product preferences and product requirements;
•   changes in a country's or region's political or economic conditions, such as the devaluation of particular currencies;
•   trade protection measures, embargoes and import or export restrictions and requirements;
•   unexpected changes in laws or regulatory requirements, including changes in tax laws;
•   capital controls and limitations on ownership and on repatriation of earnings and cash;
•   the potential for nationalization of enterprises;
•   changes in medical reimbursement policies and programs;
•   limitations on legal rights and our ability to enforce such rights;
•   difficulties in implementing restructuring actions on a timely or comprehensive basis; and any of these risks could negatively affect our financial statements and business, including our growth rate.
significant developments stemming from the current u.s. administration or the united kingdom's referendum on membership in the eu could have an adverse effect on us.
changes, potential changes or uncertainties in u.s. social, political, regulatory and economic conditions or laws and policies governing the health care system and drug prices, foreign trade, manufacturing, and development and investment in the territories and countries where we or our customers operate, stemming from the current u.s. administration, could adversely affect our business and financial statements. for example, the current u.s. administration has called for substantial changes to trade agreements, such as the north american free trade agreement ("nafta"), has increased tariffs on certain goods imported into the united states and has raised the possibility of imposing significant, additional tariff increases.
additionally, on june 23, 2016, the united kingdom held a referendum and voted in favor of leaving the eu. this referendum has caused and may continue to cause political and economic uncertainty, including significant volatility in global stock markets and currency exchange rate fluctuations. although it is unknown what the full terms of the united kingdom's future relationship with the eu will be, it is possible that there will be greater restrictions on imports and exports between the united kingdom and other countries, including the united states, and increased regulatory complexities. any of these factors could adversely affect customer demand, our relationships with customers and suppliers and our business and financial statements.
if we suffer loss to our facilities, supply chains, distribution systems or information technology systems due to catastrophe or other events, our operations could be seriously harmed.
our facilities, supply chains, distribution systems and information technology systems are subject to catastrophic loss due to fire, flood, earthquake, hurricane, public health crisis, war, terrorism or other natural or man-made disasters. if any of these facilities, supply chains or systems were to experience a catastrophic loss, it could disrupt our operations, delay production and shipments, result in defective products or services, damage customer relationships and our reputation and result in legal exposure and large repair or replacement expenses. the third-party insurance coverage that we maintain will vary from time to time in both type and amount depending on cost, availability and our decisions regarding risk retention, and may be unavailable or insufficient to protect us against such losses.
our defined benefit pension plans are subject to financial market risks that could adversely affect our financial statements.
the performance of the financial markets and interest rates impact our defined benefit pension plan expenses and funding obligations. significant changes in market interest rates, decreases in the fair value of plan assets, investment losses on plan assets and changes in discount rates may increase our funding obligations and adversely impact our financial statements. in addition, upward pressure on the cost of providing health care coverage to current employees and retirees may increase our future funding obligations and adversely affect our financial statements.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") is designed to provide a reader of danaher's financial statements with a narrative from the perspective of company management. the company's md&a is divided into five sections:
•   overview
•   liquidity and capital resources
•   critical accounting estimates
•   new accounting standards this discussion and analysis should be read along with danaher's audited financial statements and related notes thereto as of december 31, 2017 and 2016 and for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2017 included in this annual report.
overview general refer to "item 1. business-general" for a discussion of danaher's strategic objectives and methodologies for delivering long-term shareholder value. danaher is a multinational business with global operations. during 2017, approximately 63% of danaher's sales were derived from customers outside the united states. as a diversified, global business, danaher's operations are affected by worldwide, regional and industry-specific economic and political factors. danaher's geographic and industry diversity, as well as the range of its products, software and services, help limit the impact of any one industry or the economy of any single country on its consolidated operating results. given the broad range of products manufactured, software and services provided and geographies served, management does not use any indices other than general economic trends to predict the overall outlook for the company. the company's individual businesses monitor key competitors and customers, including to the extent possible their sales, to gauge relative performance and the outlook for the future.
as a result of the company's geographic and industry diversity, the company faces a variety of opportunities and challenges, including rapid technological development (particularly with respect to computing, automation, artificial intelligence, mobile connectivity, communications and digitization) in most of the company's served markets, the expansion and evolution of opportunities in high-growth markets, trends and costs associated with a global labor force, consolidation of the company's competitors and increasing regulation. the company operates in a highly competitive business environment in most markets, and the company's long-term growth and profitability will depend in particular on its ability to expand its business in high-growth geographies and high-growth market segments, identify, consummate and integrate appropriate acquisitions, develop innovative and differentiated new products and services with higher gross profit margins, expand and improve the effectiveness of the company's sales force, continue to reduce costs and improve operating efficiency and quality, and effectively address the demands of an increasingly regulated global environment. the company is making significant investments, organically and through acquisitions, to address the rapid pace of technological change in its served markets and to globalize its manufacturing, research and development and customer-facing resources (particularly in high-growth markets) in order to be responsive to the company's customers throughout the world and improve the efficiency of the company's operations.
business performance consolidated sales for the year ended december 31, 2017 increased 8.5% as compared to 2016. while differences exist among the company's businesses, on an overall basis, demand for the company's products and services increased on a year-over-year basis in 2017 as compared to 2016. this demand, together with the company's continued investments in sales growth initiatives and the other business-specific factors discussed below, contributed to year-over-year core sales growth of 3.5% (for the definition of "core sales," refer to "-results of operations" below). geographically, both high-growth and developed markets contributed to year-over-year core sales growth during 2017. the company defines high-growth markets as developing markets of the world experiencing rapid growth in gross domestic product and infrastructure which includes eastern europe, the middle east, africa, latin america and asia (with the exception of japan and australia). core sales growth rates in high-growth markets grew at a high-single digit rate in 2017 as compared to 2016 led by strength in china, india, eastern europe and latin america, partially offset by weakness in the middle east. high-growth markets represented approximately 30% of the company's total sales in 2017. core sales in developed markets grew at a low-single digit rate in 2017 as compared to 2016 and were driven by north america and western europe.
the company's income from continuing operations for the year-ended december 31, 2017 totaled approximately $2.5 billion, or $3.50 per diluted share, compared to approximately $2.2 billion, or $3.08 per diluted share for the year ended december 31, 2016.
during 2017, the company made the strategic decision to discontinue a molecular diagnostic product line in its diagnostics segment. as a result, the company recorded $76 million of pretax restructuring, impairment and other related charges ($51 million after-tax or $0.07 per diluted share). these charges included $49 million of noncash charges for the impairment of certain technology-related intangible assets as well as related inventory and property, plant and equipment with no further use. in addition, the company incurred $27 million of cash restructuring costs primarily related to employee severance and related charges. substantially all restructuring activities related to this discontinued product line were completed in 2017.
acquisitions during 2017, the company acquired ten businesses for total consideration of $386 million in cash, net of cash acquired. the businesses acquired complement existing units of the company's life sciences, dental and environmental & applied solutions segments. the aggregate annual sales of these ten businesses at the time of their respective acquisitions, in each case based on the company's revenues for its last completed fiscal year prior to the acquisition, were $160 million.
for a discussion of the company's 2016 and 2015 acquisition and disposition activity, refer to "liquidity and capital resources-investing activities".
fortive separation on july 2, 2016, danaher completed the separation of its former test & measurement segment, industrial technologies segment (excluding the product identification businesses) and retail/commercial petroleum business by distributing to danaher stockholders on a pro rata basis all of the issued and outstanding common stock of fortive, the entity danaher incorporated to hold such businesses. to effect the separation, danaher distributed to its stockholders one share of fortive common stock for every two shares of danaher common stock outstanding as of june 15, 2016, the record date for the distribution.
during the second quarter of 2016, the company received net cash distributions of approximately $3.0 billion from fortive as consideration for the company's contribution of assets to fortive in connection with the separation ("fortive distribution"). danaher used a portion of the cash distribution proceeds to repay the $500 million aggregate principal amount of 2.3% senior unsecured notes that matured in june 2016 and to redeem approximately $1.9 billion in aggregate principal amount of outstanding indebtedness in august 2016 (consisting of the company's 5.625% senior unsecured notes due 2018, 5.4% senior unsecured notes due 2019 and 3.9% senior unsecured notes due 2021 (collectively the "redeemed notes")). danaher also paid an aggregate of $188 million in make-whole premiums in connection with the august 2016 redemptions, plus accrued and unpaid interest. the company used the balance of the fortive distribution to fund certain of the company's regular, quarterly cash dividends to shareholders.
the accounting requirements for reporting the separation of fortive as a discontinued operation were met when the separation was completed. accordingly, the accompanying consolidated financial statements for all periods presented reflect this business as a discontinued operation. the company allocated a portion of the consolidated interest expense and income to discontinued operations based on the ratio of the discontinued business' net assets to the company's consolidated net assets. fortive had revenues of approximately $3.0 billion in 2016 prior to the separation and approximately $6.2 billion in 2015.
as a result of the separation, the company incurred $48 million in separation-related costs during the year ended december 31, 2016 which are included in earnings from discontinued operations, net of income taxes in the accompanying consolidated statement of earnings. these separation costs primarily relate to professional fees associated with preparation of regulatory filings and separation activities within finance, tax, legal and information system functions as well as certain investment banking fees incurred upon the separation.
in 2017, danaher recorded a $22 million income tax benefit related to the release of previously provided reserves associated with uncertain tax positions on certain danaher tax returns which were jointly filed with fortive entities. these reserves were released due to the expiration of statutes of limitations for those returns. all fortive entity-related balances were included in the income tax benefit related to discontinued operations.
sale of investments the company received $138 million of cash proceeds and recorded $22 million in short-term other receivables from the sale of certain marketable equity securities during 2017. the company recorded a pretax gain related to this sale of $73 million ($46 million after-tax or $0.06 per diluted share).
for a discussion of the company's 2016 and 2015 sales of investments activity, refer to "liquidity and capital resources-investing activities".
u.s. tax cuts and jobs act on december 22, 2017, the tcja was enacted, which substantially changes the u.s. tax system, including lowering the corporate tax rate from 35% to 21% (beginning in 2018), and affected the company in a number of ways. as a result of the tcja, the company recognized a provisional tax liability of approximately $1.2 billion in 2017 for the transition tax, which is payable over a period of eight years. the company also remeasured u.s. deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the income tax rates at which the deferred tax assets and liabilities are expected to reverse in the future (generally 21%), resulting in an income tax benefit of approximately $1.2 billion. after considering the effect of the tcja, the company expects its 2018 effective tax rate to be in the range of 20% to 21%. the company does not expect the transition tax to significantly impact the company's cash flows from operations due to the payment period of eight years and the company's ability to use available credits to reduce the required payments. for further discussion of the tcja, refer to "-income taxes."
results of operations in this report, references to the non-gaap measure of core sales (also referred to as core revenues or sales from existing businesses) refer to sales from continuing operations calculated according to generally accepted accounting principles in the united states ("gaap") but excluding:
•   sales from acquired businesses; and references to sales or operating profit attributable to acquisitions or acquired businesses refer to sales or operating profit, as applicable, from acquired businesses recorded prior to the first anniversary of the acquisition less the amount of sales and operating profit, as applicable, attributable to divested product lines not considered discontinued operations. the portion of revenue attributable to currency translation is calculated as the difference between:
•   the period-to-period change in revenue (excluding sales from acquired businesses); and
•   the period-to-period change in revenue (excluding sales from acquired businesses) after applying current period foreign exchange rates to the prior year period.
core sales growth should be considered in addition to, and not as a replacement for or superior to, sales, and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. management believes that reporting the non-gaap financial measure of core sales growth provides useful information to investors by helping identify underlying growth trends in danaher's business and facilitating comparisons of danaher's revenue performance with its performance in prior and future periods and to danaher's peers. management also uses core sales growth to measure the company's operating and financial performance. the company excludes the effect of currency translation from core sales because currency translation is not under management's control, is subject to volatility and can obscure underlying business trends, and excludes the effect of acquisitions and divestiture-related items because the nature, size, timing and number of acquisitions and divestitures can vary dramatically from period-to-period and between the company and its peers and can also obscure underlying business trends and make comparisons of long-term performance difficult.
throughout this discussion, references to sales volume refer to the impact of both price and unit sales and references to productivity improvements generally refer to improved cost efficiencies resulting from the ongoing application of dbs.
revenue performance acquisitions and other             (4.5   )%             (15.0       )%
currency exchange rates            (0.5   )%               1.0        %
core sales grew on a year-over-year basis in both 2017 and 2016. sales from acquired businesses increased on a year-over-year basis in both years primarily due to the acquisitions of cepheid in the fourth quarter of 2016 and pall in the third quarter of 2015. currency translation increased reported sales on a year-over-year basis in 2017 primarily due to the u.s. dollar weakening against the euro, partially offset by the u.s. dollar strengthening against the japanese yen and chinese renminbi. currency translation reduced reported sales on a year-over-year basis in 2016 as the u.s. dollar was, on average, stronger against other major currencies.
operating profit margins were 16.5% for the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to 16.3% in 2016. the following factors impacted year-over-year operating profit margin comparisons.
2017 vs. 2016 operating profit margin comparisons were favorably impacted by:
•   higher 2017 sales volumes from existing businesses and incremental year-over-year cost savings associated with the continuing productivity improvement initiatives taken in 2017 and 2016, net of incremental year-over-year costs associated with various product development, sales and marketing growth investments - 70 basis points
•   acquisition-related charges in 2016 - 50 basis points
2017 vs. 2016 operating profit margin comparisons were unfavorably impacted by:
•   restructuring, impairment and other related charges related to discontinuing a product line in the second quarter of 2017 related to the diagnostic segment - 40 basis points
•   trade name impairments and related productivity improvement initiatives in the fourth quarter of 2017 related to the dental segment - 5 basis points
•   third quarter 2016 gain on resolution of acquisition-related matters less the impact of fourth quarter 2017 net gain on resolution of acquisition-related matters - 5 basis points
•   the incremental net dilutive effect in 2017 of acquired businesses - 50 basis points operating profit margins were 16.3% for the year ended december 31, 2016 as compared to 15.0% in 2015. the following factors impacted year-over-year operating profit margin comparisons.
2016 vs. 2015 operating profit margin comparisons were favorably impacted by:
•   higher 2016 sales volumes from existing businesses and incremental year-over-year cost savings associated with the continuing productivity improvement initiatives taken in 2016 and 2015, net of incremental year-over-year costs associated with various product development, sales and marketing growth investments and the effect of a stronger u.s. dollar in 2016 - 115 basis points
•   acquisition-related charges in 2015 associated with the acquisition of pall, including transaction costs deemed significant (the company deems acquisition-related transaction costs incurred in a given period to be significant, generally relating to the company's larger acquisitions, if it determines that such costs exceed the range of acquisition-related transaction costs typical for the company in a given period), change in control payments, and fair value adjustments to acquired inventory and deferred revenue, net of the positive impact of freezing pension benefits - 90 basis points
•   acquisition-related charges in the first quarter of 2015 associated with the acquisition of nobel biocare, primarily related to fair value adjustments to acquired inventory - 15 basis points
•   2016 gains on resolution of acquisition-related matters - 10 basis points
2016 vs. 2015 operating profit margin comparisons were unfavorably impacted by:
•   acquisition-related charges in 2016 associated primarily with the acquisition of cepheid, including transaction costs deemed significant, change in control and restructuring payments, and fair value adjustments to acquired inventory and deferred revenue - 50 basis points
•   the incremental net dilutive effect in 2016 of acquired businesses - 50 basis points business segments sales by business segment for the years ended december 31 are as follows ($ in millions):
environmental &amp; applied solutions       3,968.8               3,692.8               3,549.8
life sciences the company's life sciences segment offers a broad range of research tools that scientists use to study the basic building blocks of life, including genes, proteins, metabolites and cells, in order to understand the causes of disease, identify new therapies and test new drugs and vaccines.  the segment, through its pall business, is also a leading provider of filtration, separation and purification technologies to the biopharmaceutical, food and beverage, medical, aerospace, microelectronics and general industrial sectors.
life sciences selected financial data for the year ended december 31
operating profit                       1,004.3                   818.9                   329.2
operating profit as a % of sales          17.6    %               15.3    %                9.9    %
revenue performance acquisitions and other             (2.0   )%             (59.0       )%
currency exchange rates            (0.5   )%               0.5        %
during the first quarter of 2017, a product line was transferred from the life sciences segment to the environmental & applied solutions segment. while this change is not material to segment results in total, the resulting change in sales growth has been included in the "acquisitions and other" line in the table above.
price increases in the segment contributed 0.5% to revenue growth on a year-over-year basis during 2017 as compared with 2016 and are reflected as a component of the change in core revenue growth.
core sales of the business' broad range of mass spectrometers continued to grow on a year-over-year basis led by strong sales growth in the pharmaceutical market across asia and north america as well as sales growth in the food and forensics markets across all major regions. this growth was partially offset by continuing declines in demand in the clinical market in north america. core sales of microscopy products increased on a year-over-year basis with growth in demand across most end-markets particularly in western europe and the high-growth markets. year-over-year sales for the business' flow cytometry and particle counting products grew in 2017, primarily due to new product introductions and were led by increases in sales in north america, western europe and china. core sales for filtration, separation and purification technologies grew on a year-over-year basis led by continued growth in biopharmaceuticals and microelectronics, partially offset by declines in the process, industrial and medical products particularly in the first half of 2017. geographically, core sales in filtration, separation and purification technologies were primarily led by growth in north america and asia, partially offset by declines in the middle east largely due to a major project in 2016 which did not repeat in 2017.
operating profit margins increased 230 basis points during 2017 as compared to 2016. the following factors impacted year-over-year operating profit margin comparisons.
2017 vs. 2016 operating profit margin comparisons were favorably impacted by:
•   higher 2017 sales volumes from existing businesses and incremental year-over-year cost savings associated with the continuing productivity improvement initiatives taken in 2017 and 2016, net of incremental year-over-year costs associated with various new product development, sales and marketing growth investments and the effect of year-over-year changes in currency exchange rates - 205 basis points
•   acquisition-related charges in 2016, including transaction costs deemed significant, change in control and restructuring payments, and fair value adjustments to acquired inventory and deferred revenue - 10 basis points
•   the incremental net accretive effect in 2017 of acquired businesses and intersegment product line transfers - 20 basis points
2017 vs. 2016 operating profit margin comparisons were unfavorably impacted by:
•   fourth quarter 2017 loss on resolution of acquisition-related matters - 5 basis points price increases in the segment did not have a significant impact on sales growth on a year-over-year basis during 2016 as compared with 2015.
core sales of the business' broad range of mass spectrometers continued to grow on a year-over-year basis led by strong core sales growth in the pharmaceutical market in china and india as well as the services businesses. this growth was partially offset by declines in the overall market in japan and softness in demand in the clinical end-market in north america. core sales of microscopy products were essentially flat on a year-over-year basis with growth in demand in north america and china offset by declines in japan. year-over-year demand for the business' flow cytometry and particle counting products grew in 2016, led by increases in demand in north america, western europe and china.
the acquisition of pall in august 2015 contributed the majority of the increase in sales from acquisitions. during the year ended december 31, 2016, pall's revenues grew on a year-over-year basis compared to the business' 2015 results, led by continued growth in the life sciences business primarily due to demand for biopharmaceutical solutions including single-use technologies, partially offset by soft demand in the industrial business as a result of overall market weakness.
operating profit margins increased 540 basis points during 2016 as compared to 2015. the following factors impacted year-over-year operating profit margin comparisons.
2016 vs. 2015 operating profit margin comparisons were favorably impacted by:
•   higher 2016 sales volumes from existing businesses and incremental year-over-year cost savings associated with the continuing productivity improvement initiatives taken in 2016 and 2015, net of incremental year-over-year costs associated with various product development, sales and marketing growth investments and the effect of a stronger u.s. dollar in 2016 - 175 basis points
•   acquisition-related charges in 2015 associated with the acquisition of pall, including transaction costs deemed significant, change in control payments, and fair value adjustments to acquired inventory and deferred revenue, net of the positive impact of freezing pension benefits - 390 basis points
2016 vs. 2015 operating profit margin comparisons were unfavorably impacted by:
•   acquisition-related charges in 2016, including transaction costs deemed significant, change in control and restructuring payments, and fair value adjustments to acquired inventory and deferred revenue - 10 basis points
•   the incremental net dilutive effect in 2016 of acquired businesses (including pall) - 15 basis points depreciation and amortization expense increased during 2016 as compared to 2015 due primarily to the impact of recently acquired businesses, particularly pall, and the resulting increase in depreciable and amortizable assets.
diagnostics the company's diagnostics segment offers analytical instruments, reagents, consumables, software and services that hospitals, physicians' offices, reference laboratories and other critical care settings use to diagnose disease and make treatment decisions.
diagnostics selected financial data for the year ended december 31
operating profit                         871.6                   786.4                   746.2
operating profit as a % of sales          14.9    %               15.6    %               15.4    %
revenue performance acquisitions and other            (12.0   )%             (3.0       )%
currency exchange rates               -   %               1.0        %
price increases in the segment contributed 0.5% to sales growth on a year-over-year basis during 2017 as compared with 2016 and are reflected as a component of the change in core revenue growth.
core sales in the clinical lab business increased on a year-over-year basis. geographically, continued strong demand in high-growth markets for the clinical lab business was partially offset by declines in western europe and japan. increased demand in the immunoassay product line drove the majority of the growth for the year in the clinical lab business. growth in the acute care diagnostic business was driven by continued strong consumable sales in 2017 across most major geographies. increased demand for advanced staining and core histology instruments and related consumables across most major geographies drove the majority of the year-over-year core sales growth in the pathology diagnostics business.
the acquisition of cepheid in november 2016 contributed the majority of the increase in sales from acquisitions. during 2017, cepheid's revenues compared to the business' 2016 results grew on a year-over-year basis in most major geographies and product lines. as cepheid is integrated into the company, a process that will continue over the next several years, the company has realized and expects to realize cost savings and other business process improvements through the application of dbs.
during 2017, the company made the strategic decision to discontinue a molecular diagnostic product line in its diagnostics segment. as a result, the company recorded $76 million of pretax restructuring, impairment and other related charges ($51 million after-tax or $0.07 per diluted share). these charges included $49 million of noncash charges for the impairment of certain technology-related intangible assets as well as related inventory and property, plant and equipment with no further use. in addition, the company incurred $27 million of cash restructuring costs primarily related to employee severance and related charges. substantially all restructuring activities related to this discontinued product line were completed in 2017.
operating profit margins declined 70 basis points during 2017 as compared to 2016. the following factors impacted year-over-year operating profit margin comparisons.
2017 vs. 2016 operating profit margin comparisons were favorably impacted by:
•   higher 2017 sales volumes from existing businesses and incremental year-over-year cost savings associated with the continuing productivity improvement initiatives taken in 2017 and 2016, net of incremental year-over-year costs associated with various new product development, sales and marketing growth investments and the effect of year-over-year changes in currency exchange rates - 35 basis points
•   acquisition-related charges in 2016 associated with the acquisition of cepheid, including transaction costs deemed significant, change in control and restructuring payments, and fair value adjustments to acquired inventory and deferred revenue - 150 basis points
•   2017 gain on resolution of acquisition-related matters - 25 basis points
2017 vs. 2016 operating profit margin comparisons were unfavorably impacted by:
•   restructuring, impairment and other related charges related to discontinuing a product line in 2017 - 130 basis points
•   the incremental net dilutive effect in 2017 of acquired businesses - 150 basis points depreciation and amortization increased during 2017 as compared with 2016 primarily due to the impact of recently acquired businesses, primarily cepheid, and the resulting increase in depreciable and amortizable assets.
price increases in the segment contributed 0.5% to sales growth on a year-over-year basis during 2016 as compared with 2015 and are reflected as a component of the change in core revenue growth.
geographically, demand in the clinical lab business increased on a year-over-year basis led by continuing strong demand in high-growth markets, particularly china, partially offset by declines in north america. increased demand in the immunoassay products drove the majority of growth for the year in the clinical business. continued strong consumable sales in 2016 particularly in china, western europe, north america and japan drove the majority of the year-over-year sales growth in the acute care diagnostic business. increased demand for advanced staining consumables, particularly in north america and china, and core histology instruments across most major geographies, but particularly in china, drove the majority of the year-over-year sales growth in the pathology diagnostics business.
operating profit margins increased 20 basis points during 2016 as compared to 2015. the following factors impacted year-over-year operating profit margin comparisons.
2016 vs. 2015 operating profit margin comparisons were favorably impacted by:
•   higher 2016 sales volumes from existing businesses and incremental year-over-year cost savings associated with the continuing productivity improvement initiatives taken in 2016 and 2015, net of incremental year-over-year costs associated with various product development, sales and marketing growth investments and the effect of a stronger u.s. dollar in 2016 - 200 basis points
2016 vs. 2015 operating profit margin comparisons were unfavorably impacted by:
•   acquisition-related charges in 2016 associated with the acquisition of cepheid, including transaction costs deemed significant, change in control and restructuring payments, and fair value adjustments to acquired inventory and deferred revenue - 150 basis points
•   the incremental net dilutive effect in 2016 of acquired businesses - 30 basis points amortization increased during 2016 as compared with 2015 primarily due to the impact of recently acquired businesses including cepheid and the resulting increase in amortizable assets.
dental the company's dental segment provides products that are used to diagnose, treat and prevent disease and ailments of the teeth, gums and supporting bone, as well as to improve the aesthetics of the human smile. the company is a leading worldwide provider of a broad range of dental consumables, equipment and services, and is dedicated to driving technological innovations that help dental professionals improve clinical outcomes and enhance productivity.
dental selected financial data for the year ended december 31
operating profit                         400.7                   419.4                   370.4
operating profit as a % of sales          14.3    %               15.1    %               13.5    %
revenue performance acquisitions and other                -   %              (0.5       )%
currency exchange rates            (1.0   )%              0.5        %
price increases in the segment did not have a significant impact on sales growth on a year-over-year basis during 2017 as compared with 2016.
geographically, year-over-year core revenue growth was strong in china, russia and other high-growth markets, offset by lower demand in the united states and western europe. strong year-over-year growth continued during 2017 for the specialty consumables business, which consists of implant solutions and orthodontic products. core sales growth for the specialty consumables business was led by high-growth markets and north america. dental equipment core sales were essentially flat during 2017, as increased demand in high-growth markets was offset by weaker demand in the united states and western europe, particularly later in the year for north america due to the realignment of dental equipment distributors and manufacturers. demand was lower for traditional dental consumable product lines in north america and western europe reflecting inventory destocking by several distribution partners. while the impact of inventory destocking in the consumables business began to lessen late in 2017, the recent realignment of distributors and manufacturers in the dental industry, primarily in north america, may have a continued negative impact on revenues in the near-term.
operating profit margins declined 80 basis points during 2017 as compared to 2016. the following factors unfavorably impacted year-over-year operating profit margin comparisons:
•   incremental year-over-year costs associated with various new product development, sales and marketing growth investments, the effect of year-over-year changes in currency exchange rates and unfavorable product mix due to lower sales of dental consumables in 2017, net of incremental year-over-year cost savings associated with the continuing productivity improvement initiatives taken in 2017 and 2016 - 35 basis points
•   trade name impairments and related productivity improvement initiatives in 2017 - 35 basis points
•   the incremental net dilutive effect in 2017 of acquired businesses - 10 basis points price increases in the segment contributed 0.5% to sales growth on a year-over-year basis during 2016 as compared with 2015 and are reflected as a component of the change in core revenue growth.
geographically, year-over-year core revenue growth was strong in china and other high-growth markets, with low-single digit growth in the united states partially offset by lower demand in western europe. continued strong year-over-year demand for implant solutions, particularly in china and north america, and increased demand for orthodontic products, primarily in china and russia, drove growth during 2016. dental equipment core sales also increased during 2016, primarily in high-growth markets and north america partially offset by weaker demand in western europe. lower demand for dental consumable product lines in north america and the middle east partially offset this year-over-year growth in 2016.
operating profit margins increased 160 basis points during 2016 as compared to 2015. the following factors impacted year-over-year operating profit margin comparisons.
2016 vs. 2015 operating profit margin comparisons were favorably impacted by:
•   higher 2016 sales volumes from existing businesses and incremental year-over-year cost savings associated with the continuing productivity improvement initiatives taken in 2016 and 2015, net of incremental year-over-year costs associated with various product development, sales and marketing growth investments and the effect of a stronger u.s. dollar in 2016 - 90 basis points
•   acquisition-related charges in the first quarter of 2015 associated with the acquisition of nobel biocare, primarily related to fair value adjustments to acquired inventory - 80 basis points
2016 vs. 2015 operating profit margin comparisons were unfavorably impacted by:
•   the incremental net dilutive effect in 2016 of acquired businesses - 10 basis points environmental & applied solutions the company's environmental & applied solutions segment products and services help protect important resources and keep global food and water supplies safe. the company's water quality business provides instrumentation, services and disinfection systems to help analyze, treat and manage the quality of ultra-pure, potable, industrial, waste, ground, source and ocean water in residential, commercial, municipal, industrial and natural resource applications. the company's product identification business provides equipment, software, services and consumables for various color and appearance management, packaging design and quality management, printing, marking, coding and traceability applications for consumer, pharmaceutical and industrial products.
environmental & applied solutions selected financial data for the year ended december 31
operating profit                         914.6                   870.0                   866.6
operating profit as a % of sales          23.0    %               23.6    %               24.4    %
revenue performance acquisitions and other             (3.0   )%             (2.5       )%
currency exchange rates            (0.5   )%              1.5        %
during the first quarter of 2017, a product line was transferred from the life sciences segment to the environmental & applied solutions segment. while this change is not material to segment results in total, the resulting change in sales growth has been included in the "acquisitions and other" line in the table above.
price increases in the segment contributed 1.0% to sales growth on a year-over-year basis during 2017 as compared with 2016 and are reflected as a component of the change in core revenue growth.
core sales in the segment's water quality businesses grew at a low-single digit rate during 2017 as compared with 2016. year-over-year core sales in the analytical instrumentation product line grew, as increased demand in the industrial and municipal end-markets was partially offset by lower demand in the environmental end-markets. geographically, year-over-year core revenue growth in the analytical instrumentation product line was driven by increased demand in china, western europe and north america, partially offset by lower demand in the middle east and latin america. year-over-year core revenue growth in the business' chemical treatment solutions product line was due primarily to an expansion of the customer base in the united states, driven by higher demand in food, steel and oil and gas-related end-markets. core sales in the business' ultraviolet water disinfection product line grew on a year-over-year basis due primarily to higher demand in municipal and industrial end-markets in north america, western europe and asia.
core sales in the segment's product identification businesses grew at a mid-single digit rate during 2017 as compared with 2016. continued strong year-over-year demand for marking and coding equipment and related consumables in most major geographies, led by north america and western europe, drove the majority of the core revenue growth. demand for the business' packaging and color solutions also increased year-over-year. geographically, core revenue growth for packaging and color solutions was led by north america, western europe and asia.
operating profit margins declined 60 basis points during 2017 as compared to 2016. the following factors impacted year-over-year operating profit margin comparisons.
2017 vs. 2016 operating profit margin comparisons were favorably impacted by:
•   higher 2017 sales volumes, incremental year-over-year cost savings associated with the continuing productivity improvement initiatives taken in 2017 and 2016, improved pricing and the effect of year-over-year changes in currency exchange rates, net of incremental year-over-year costs associated with various new product development and sales and marketing growth investments - 5 basis points
2017 vs. 2016 operating profit margin comparisons were unfavorably impacted by:
•   the incremental net dilutive effect in 2017 of acquired businesses - 65 basis points price increases in the segment contributed 1.0% to sales growth on a year-over-year basis during 2016 as compared with 2015 and are reflected as a component of the change in core revenue growth.
core sales in the segment's water quality businesses grew at a low-single digit rate during 2016 as compared with 2015. year-over-year core sales in the analytical instrumentation product line grew, as increases in sales to the u.s. municipal end-market and western europe were partially offset by lower demand in eastern europe and china. year-over-year core revenue growth in the business' chemical treatment solutions product line was due primarily to an expansion of the customer base in the united states. chemical treatment solutions saw an improvement in commodity oriented end-markets in latin america in the fourth quarter of 2016 after declining growth in the earlier portion of 2016. core sales in the business' ultraviolet water disinfection product line grew on a year-over-year basis due primarily to higher demand in municipal and industrial end-markets in western europe, china and australia.
core sales in the segment's product identification businesses grew at a mid-single digit rate during 2016 as compared with 2015. continued strong year-over-year demand for marking and coding equipment and related consumables in most major geographies, led by north america, western europe and latin america, drove the majority of the core revenue growth. demand for the business' packaging and color solutions was flat year-over-year, as core revenue growth in the second half of the year was offset by weakness in the first half of the year. geographically, increased demand in the high-growth markets was offset by weaker demand in north america and europe.
operating profit margins declined 80 basis points during 2016 as compared to 2015. the following factors unfavorably impacted year-over-year operating profit margin comparisons.
•   the incremental net dilutive effect in 2016 of acquired businesses - 75 basis points
•   incremental year-over-year costs associated with various product development, sales and marketing growth investments and the effect of a stronger u.s. dollar in 2016, net of higher 2016 sales volumes from existing businesses and incremental year-over-year cost savings associated with the continuing productivity improvement initiatives taken in 2016 and 2015 - 5 basis points cost of sales and gross profit for the year ended december 31
gross profit            $10,192.5                $9,334.6                $7,771.1
gross profit margin          55.6    %               55.3    %               53.8    %
the year-over-year increase in cost of sales during 2017 as compared with 2016 is due primarily to the impact of higher year-over-year sales volumes, including sales from recently acquired businesses and the impact of restructuring, impairment and other related charges associated with the company's strategic decision to discontinue a product line in its diagnostics segment. this increase in cost of sales was partially offset by year-over-year cost savings at recently acquired businesses, incremental year-over-year cost savings associated with the continued productivity improvement actions taken in 2017 and 2016, and the year-over-year decrease in acquisition-related charges associated with fair value adjustments to acquired inventory which decreased cost of sales by $21 million during 2017 as compared to 2016.
the year-over-year increase in cost of sales during 2016 as compared with 2015, is due primarily to the impact of higher year-over-year sales volumes, including sales from recently acquired businesses. this increase in cost of sales was partially offset by year-over-year cost savings at recently acquired businesses, particularly pall, incremental year-over-year cost savings associated with the continued productivity improvement actions taken in 2016 and 2015, and the year-over-year decrease in acquisition-related charges associated with fair value adjustments to acquired inventory which decreased cost of sales by $85 million during 2016 as compared to 2015.
the year-over-year increase in gross profit margins during 2017 as compared with 2016 is due primarily to the favorable impact of higher year-over-year sales volumes and incremental year-over-year cost savings associated with the continuing productivity improvements taken in 2017 and 2016. in addition, the acquisition-related charges associated with fair value adjustments to acquired inventory and deferred revenue were higher in 2016 than 2017, which improved gross profit margins by 10 basis points during 2017 as compared with 2016.
the year-over-year increase in gross profit margins during 2016 as compared with 2015 is due primarily to the favorable impact of higher year-over-year sales volumes, incremental year-over-year cost savings associated with the continuing productivity improvements taken in 2016 and 2015 and improved gross profit margins on a year-over-year basis at recently acquired businesses, particularly pall. in addition, the acquisition-related charges associated with fair value adjustments to acquired inventory and deferred revenue were higher in 2015 than 2016, which improved gross profit margins by 50 basis points during 2016 as compared with 2015.
operating expenses for the year ended december 31
research and development ("r&amp;d") expenses                  (1,128.8    )             (975.1    )             (861.4    )
sg&a expenses as a percentage of sales declined 20 basis points on a year-over-year basis for 2017 compared with 2016. the decline was driven by increased leverage of the company's general and administrative cost base resulting from higher 2017 sales volumes, continuing productivity improvements taken in 2017 and 2016 as well as the benefit of lower acquisition charges in 2017 compared to 2016, particularly change in control payments and restructuring costs in connection with the acquisition of cepheid. the decline in sg&a expenses as a percentage of sales was partially offset by restructuring, impairment and other related charges associated with the company's strategic decision to discontinue a product line in its diagnostics segment, higher relative spending levels at recently acquired companies, primarily cepheid, and continued investments in sales and marketing growth initiatives.
sg&a expenses as a percentage of sales increased 30 basis points on a year-over-year basis for 2016 compared with 2015. the increase in sg&a expenses as a percentage of sales from 2015 to 2016 was driven by continued investments in sales and marketing growth initiatives and higher relative spending levels at recently acquired businesses. change in control payments and restructuring costs in connection with the acquisition of cepheid, as well as associated transaction costs, also increased sg&a expenses as a percentage of sales by 35 basis points during 2016. these increases were partially offset by the benefit of increased leverage of the company's general and administrative cost base resulting from higher 2016 sales, lower year-over-year costs associated continuing productivity improvement initiatives and incremental year-over-year cost savings associated with the continuing productivity improvements taken in 2016 and 2015 as well as the benefit of lower pall acquisition charges (change in control payments to pall employees in connection with the acquisition of pall, as well as associated transaction costs and amortization charges associated with acquisition-related intangible assets, net of the positive impact of freezing pension benefits) in 2016 compared to 2015.
r&d expenses (consisting principally of internal and contract engineering personnel costs) as a percentage of sales increased in 2017 as compared with 2016 due primarily to higher r&d expenses as a percentage of sales in the businesses most recently acquired, primarily cepheid, as well as year-over-year increases in spending in the company's new product development initiatives. r&d expenses as a percentage of sales declined in 2016 as compared to 2015 due primarily to lower r&d expenses as a percentage of sales in the businesses most recently acquired, particularly pall, as well as year-over-year differences in the timing of investments in the company's new product development initiatives.
the company received $138 million of cash proceeds and recorded $22 million in short-term other receivables from the sale of certain marketable equity securities during 2017. the company recorded a pretax gain related to this sale of $73 million ($46 million after-tax or $0.06 per diluted share).
during 2016, the company received cash proceeds of $265 million from the sale of certain marketable equity securities and recorded a pretax gain related to this sale of $223 million ($140 million after-tax or $0.20 per diluted share).
during 2016, the company also paid $188 million of make-whole premiums associated with the early extinguishment of the redeemed notes. the company recorded a loss on extinguishment of these borrowings, net of certain deferred gains, of $179 million ($112 million after-tax or $0.16 per diluted share).
during 2015, the company received cash proceeds of $43 million from the sale of certain marketable equity securities and recorded a pretax gain related to these sales of $12 million ($8 million after-tax or $0.01 per diluted share).
interest costs interest expense of $163 million for 2017 was $22 million lower than in 2016, due primarily to the decrease in interest costs as a result of the early extinguishment of certain outstanding borrowings in the third quarter of 2016 using the proceeds from the fortive distribution and due to lower commercial paper borrowings in 2017 compared to 2016, partially offset by the cost of additional long-term debt refinancing relating to the acquisition of cepheid. for a further description of the company's debt as of december 31, 2017 refer to note 9 to the consolidated financial statements. interest expense of $184 million in 2016 was $45 million higher than the 2015 interest expense of $140 million due primarily to the higher interest costs associated with the debt issued in the second half of 2015 in connection with the 2015 acquisition of pall, partially offset by decreases in interest costs as a result of the early extinguishment of the redeemed notes in the third quarter of 2016 using the proceeds from the fortive distribution.
income taxes general income tax expense and deferred tax assets and liabilities reflect management's assessment of future taxes expected to be paid on items reflected in the company's consolidated financial statements. the company records the tax effect of discrete items and items that are reported net of their tax effects in the period in which they occur.
the company's effective tax rate can be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with different statutory tax rates (including as a result of business acquisitions and dispositions), changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, accruals related to contingent tax liabilities and period-to-period changes in such accruals, the results of audits and examinations of previously filed tax returns (as discussed below), the expiration of statutes of limitations, the implementation of tax planning strategies, tax rulings, court decisions, settlements with tax authorities and changes in tax laws and regulations, including the tcja and legislative policy changes that may result from the oecd's initiative on base erosion and profit shifting. for a description of the tax treatment of earnings that are planned to be reinvested indefinitely outside the united states, refer to "-liquidity and capital resources - cash and cash requirements" below.
the amount of income taxes the company pays is subject to ongoing audits by federal, state and foreign tax authorities, which often result in proposed assessments. management performs a comprehensive review of its global tax positions on a quarterly basis. based on these reviews, the results of discussions and resolutions of matters with certain tax authorities, tax rulings and court decisions and the expiration of statutes of limitations, reserves for contingent tax liabilities are accrued or adjusted as necessary. for a discussion of risks related to these and other tax matters, refer to "item 1a. risk factors".
•   imposes a one-time tax on unremitted cumulative non-u.s. earnings of foreign subsidiaries, which we refer to in this annual report as the transition tax;
•   imposes a new minimum tax on certain non-u.s. earnings, irrespective of the territorial system of taxation, and generally allows for the repatriation of future earnings of foreign subsidiaries without incurring additional u.s. taxes by transitioning to a territorial system of taxation;
•   subjects certain payments made by a u.s. company to a related foreign company to certain minimum taxes (base erosion anti-abuse tax);
•   eliminates certain prior tax incentives for manufacturing in the united states and creates an incentive for u.s. companies to sell, lease or license goods and services abroad by allowing for a reduction in taxes owed on earnings related to such sales;
•   allows the cost of investments in certain depreciable assets acquired and placed in service after september 27, 2017 to be immediately expensed; and
•   reduces deductions with respect to certain compensation paid to specified executive officers.
while the changes from the tcja are generally effective beginning in 2018, u.s. gaap accounting for income taxes requires the effect of a change in tax laws or rates to be recognized in income from continuing operations for the period that includes the enactment date. due to the complexities involved in accounting for the enactment of the tcja, the sec staff accounting bulletin no. 118 ("sab no. 118") allowed the company to record provisional amounts in earnings for the year ended december 31, 2017. where reasonable estimates can be made, the provisional accounting should be based on such estimates. when no reasonable estimate can be made, the provisional accounting may be based on the tax law in effect before the tcja. the company is required to complete its tax accounting for the tcja within a one year period when it has obtained, prepared, and analyzed the information to complete the income tax accounting.
the company has not completed its accounting for the tax effects of enactment of the tcja; however, as described below, the company has made reasonable estimates of the effects of the tcja on its consolidated financial statements which are included as a component of income tax expense from continuing operations:
•   deferred tax assets and liabilities: u.s. deferred tax assets and liabilities were remeasured based on the rates at which they are expected to reverse in the future, which is generally 21.0%, resulting in an income tax benefit of approximately $1.2 billion. the company will continue to analyze certain aspects of the tcja which could potentially affect the tax basis of the reported amounts. additionally, the company's u.s. tax returns for 2017 will be filed during the fourth quarter of 2018 and any changes to the tax positions for temporary differences compared to the estimates used will result in an adjustment of the estimated tax benefit recorded as of december 31, 2017.
•   transition tax effects: the transition tax is based on the company's total post-1986 earnings and profits that were previously deferred from u.s. income taxes. the company recorded a provisional amount for the transition tax expense resulting in an increase in income tax expense of approximately $1.2 billion. the company will continue to evaluate the tcja and any future guidance from the u.s. treasury department and irs in the determination of the transition tax which could result in adjustment of the estimate recorded as of december 31, 2017.
•   indefinite reinvestment: as of december 31, 2017, the company held $593 million of cash and approximately $656 million of cash equivalents (as defined by the tcja, including trade accounts receivable net of trade accounts payable balances and certain accrued expenses) outside the united states. while repatriation of some cash held outside the united states may be restricted by local laws, most of the company's foreign cash could be repatriated to the united states. following enactment of the tcja and the associated transition tax, in general, repatriation of cash to the united states can be completed with no incremental u.s. tax; however, repatriation of cash could subject the company to non-u.s. jurisdictional taxes on distributions. the cash that the company's non-u.s. subsidiaries hold for indefinite reinvestment is generally used to finance foreign operations and investments, including acquisitions. the income taxes applicable to such earnings are not readily determinable or practicable. the company continues to evaluate the impact of the tcja on its election to indefinitely reinvest certain of its non-u.s. earnings.
the company will continue to analyze the effects of the tcja on its consolidated financial statements and operations. additional impacts from the enactment of the tcja will be recorded as they are identified during the measurement period as provided for in sab no. 118, which extends up to one year from the enactment date.
year-over-year changes in the tax provision and effective tax rate the company's effective tax rate related to continuing operations for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 was 16.0%, 17.5% and 14.4%, respectively.
the company's effective tax rate for each of 2017, 2016 and 2015 differs from the u.s. federal statutory rate of 35.0% due principally to the company's earnings outside the united states that are indefinitely reinvested and taxed at rates lower than the u.s. federal statutory rate. in addition:
•   the effective tax rate of 16.0% in 2017 includes 500 basis points of net tax benefits related to the revaluation of net u.s. deferred tax liabilities from 35.0% to 21.0% due to the tcja and release of reserves upon statute of limitation expiration, partially offset by income tax expense related to the transition tax on foreign earnings due to the tcja and changes in estimates associated with prior period uncertain tax positions.
•   the effective tax rate of 17.5% in 2016 includes 350 basis points of net tax benefits from permanent foreign exchange losses and the release of reserves upon the expiration of statutes of limitation and audit settlements, partially offset by income tax expense related to repatriation of earnings and legal entity realignments associated with the separation and changes in estimates associated with prior period uncertain tax positions.
•   the effective tax rate of 14.4% in 2015 includes 290 basis points of net tax benefits from permanent foreign exchange losses, releases of valuation allowances related to foreign operating losses and the release of reserves upon the expiration of statutes of limitation, partially offset by changes in estimates associated with prior period uncertain tax positions.
the company conducts business globally, and files numerous consolidated and separate income tax returns in the u.s. federal, state and foreign jurisdictions. the countries in which the company has a material presence that have had significantly lower statutory tax rates than the united states include china, denmark, germany, singapore, switzerland and the united kingdom. the company's ability to obtain a tax benefit from lower statutory tax rates outside of the united states depends on its levels of taxable income in these foreign countries and the amount of foreign earnings which are indefinitely reinvested in those countries. the company believes that a change in the statutory tax rate of any individual foreign country would not have a material effect on the company's consolidated financial statements given the geographic dispersion of the company's taxable income.
the company and its subsidiaries are routinely examined by various domestic and international taxing authorities. the irs has completed substantially all of the examinations of the company's federal income tax returns through 2011 and is currently examining certain of the company's federal income tax returns for 2012 through 2015. in addition, the company has subsidiaries in austria, belgium, canada, china, denmark, finland, france, germany, hong kong, india, italy, japan, new zealand, sweden, switzerland, the united kingdom and various other countries, states and provinces that are currently under audit for years ranging from 2004 through 2015.
tax authorities in denmark have raised significant issues related to interest accrued by certain of the company's subsidiaries. on december 10, 2013, the company received assessments from the danish tax authority ("skat") totaling approximately dkk 1.5 billion (approximately $245 million based on exchange rates as of december 31, 2017) including interest through december 31, 2017, imposing withholding tax relating to interest accrued in denmark on borrowings from certain of the company's subsidiaries for the years 2004-2009. the company is currently in discussions with skat and anticipates receiving an assessment for years 2010-2012 totaling approximately dkk 895 million (approximately $144 million based on exchange rates as of december 31, 2017) including interest through december 31, 2017. management believes the positions the company has taken in denmark are in accordance with the relevant tax laws and is vigorously defending its positions. the company appealed these assessments with the national tax tribunal in 2014 and intends on pursuing this matter through the european court of justice should this appeal be unsuccessful. the ultimate resolution of this matter is uncertain, could take many years, and could result in a material adverse impact to the company's financial statements, including its effective tax rate.
after considering the effect of the tcja, the company expects its 2018 effective tax rate to be in the range of 20% to 21%. any future legislative changes in the united states including regulations related to the tcja or potential tax reform in other jurisdictions, could cause the company's effective tax rate to differ from this estimate. refer to note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to income taxes.
discontinued operations as further discussed in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, discontinued operations includes the results of the fortive businesses which were disposed of during the third quarter of 2016 as well as the results of the company's former communications business which was disposed of during the third quarter of 2015. all periods presented have been restated to reflect the fortive and communications businesses within discontinued operations.
in 2017, danaher recorded a $22 million income tax benefit related to the release of previously provided reserves associated with uncertain tax positions on certain danaher tax returns which were jointly filed with fortive entities. these reserves were released due to the expiration of statutes of limitations for those returns. all fortive entity-related balances were included in the income tax benefit related to discontinued operations.
in 2016, earnings from discontinued operations, net of income taxes, were $400 million and reflected the operating results of the fortive businesses prior to the separation. in 2015, earnings from discontinued operations, net of income taxes, were approximately $1.6 billion and reflected the operations of both the fortive and communications businesses as well as the gain on the sale of the communications business in 2015.
comprehensive income comprehensive income increased by approximately $1.7 billion in 2017 as compared to 2016, primarily due to increased earnings from continuing operations, an increased gain from foreign currency translation adjustments compared to 2016, pension and postretirement plan benefit adjustments and the decrease in the unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities from the sale of certain marketable equity securities, partially offset by lower net earnings attributable to discontinued operations in 2017 compared to 2016.  the company recorded a foreign currency translation gain of $976 million for 2017 compared to a translation loss of $517 million for 2016. the company recorded a pension and postretirement plan benefit gain of $71 million for 2017 compared to a loss of $58 million for 2016.
comprehensive income decreased by $617 million in 2016 as compared to 2015, primarily due to the impact of decreases in net earnings attributable to discontinued operations, foreign currency translation adjustments resulting from the strengthening of the u.s. dollar compared to most major currencies during the year but at a lower rate than in the prior year, and pension and postretirement plan benefit adjustments.  the company recorded a foreign currency translation loss of $517 million for 2016
compared to a translation loss of $976 million for 2015. the company recorded a pension and postretirement plan benefit loss of $58 million in 2016 compared to a gain of $81 million in 2015.
financial instruments and risk management the company is exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, equity prices and commodity prices as well as credit risk, each of which could impact its consolidated financial statements. the company generally addresses its exposure to these risks through its normal operating and financing activities. in addition, the company's broad-based business activities help to reduce the impact that volatility in any particular area or related areas may have on its operating profit as a whole.
interest rate risk the company manages interest cost using a mixture of fixed-rate and variable-rate debt. a change in interest rates on long-term debt impacts the fair value of the company's fixed-rate long-term debt but not the company's earnings or cash flow because the interest on such debt is fixed. generally, the fair market value of fixed-rate debt will increase as interest rates fall and decrease as interest rates rise. as of december 31, 2017, an increase of 100 basis points in interest rates would have decreased the fair value of the company's fixed-rate long-term debt (excluding the lyons, which have not been included in this calculation as the value of this convertible debt is primarily derived from the value of its underlying common stock) by $470 million.
as of december 31, 2017, the company's variable-rate debt obligations consisted primarily of u.s. dollar and euro-based commercial paper borrowings (refer to note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding the company's outstanding commercial paper balances as of december 31, 2017). as a result, the company's primary interest rate exposure results from changes in short-term interest rates. as these shorter duration obligations mature, the company may issue additional short-term commercial paper obligations to refinance all or part of these borrowings. in 2017, the average annual interest rate associated with outstanding commercial paper borrowings was approximately 6 basis points. a hypothetical increase of this average to 18 basis points would have increased the company's annual interest expense by $4 million. the hypothetical increase used is the actual amount by which the company's commercial paper interest rates fluctuated during 2017.
currency exchange rate risk the company faces transactional exchange rate risk from transactions with customers in countries outside the united states and from intercompany transactions between affiliates. transactional exchange rate risk arises from the purchase and sale of goods and services in currencies other than danaher's functional currency or the functional currency of its applicable subsidiary. the company also faces translational exchange rate risk related to the translation of financial statements of its foreign operations into u.s. dollars, danaher's functional currency. costs incurred and sales recorded by subsidiaries operating outside of the united states are translated into u.s. dollars using exchange rates effective during the respective period. as a result, the company is exposed to movements in the exchange rates of various currencies against the u.s. dollar. in particular, the company has more sales in european currencies than it has expenses in those currencies. therefore, when european currencies strengthen or weaken against the u.s. dollar, operating profits are increased or decreased, respectively. the effect of a change in currency exchange rates on the company's net investment in international subsidiaries is reflected in the accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) component of stockholders' equity.
currency exchange rates positively impacted 2017 reported sales by 0.5% on a year-over-year basis as the u.s. dollar weakened against the euro, partially offset by the effect of the u.s. dollar strengthening against the japanese yen and chinese renminbi. if the exchange rates in effect as of december 31, 2017 were to prevail throughout 2018, currency exchange rates would positively impact 2018 estimated sales by approximately 2.0% relative to the company's performance in 2017. strengthening of the u.s. dollar against other major currencies would adversely impact the company's sales and results of operations on an overall basis. any weakening of the u.s. dollar against other major currencies would positively impact the company's sales and results of operations.
the company has generally accepted the exposure to exchange rate movements without using derivative financial instruments to manage this risk. both positive and negative movements in currency exchange rates against the u.s. dollar will therefore continue to affect the reported amount of sales and net earnings in the company's consolidated financial statements. in addition, the company has assets and liabilities held in foreign currencies. the company's foreign currency-denominated debt partially hedges its net investments in foreign operations against adverse movements in exchange rates. a 10% depreciation in major currencies relative to the u.s. dollar as of december 31, 2017 would have reduced foreign currency-denominated net assets and stockholders' equity by $880 million.
equity price risk the company's available-for-sale investment portfolio has in the past included publicly traded equity securities that are sensitive to fluctuations in market price. however, during 2017 the company sold substantially all of its available-for-sale equity securities.
commodity price risk for a discussion of risks relating to commodity prices, refer to "item 1a. risk factors."
credit risk the company is exposed to potential credit losses in the event of nonperformance by counterparties to its financial instruments. financial instruments that potentially subject the company to credit risk consist of cash and temporary investments, receivables from customers and derivatives. the company places cash and temporary investments with various high-quality financial institutions throughout the world and exposure is limited at any one institution. although the company typically does not obtain collateral or other security to secure these obligations, it does regularly monitor the third-party depository institutions that hold its cash and cash equivalents. the company's emphasis is primarily on safety and liquidity of principal and secondarily on maximizing yield on those funds.
in addition, concentrations of credit risk arising from receivables from customers are limited due to the diversity of the company's customers. the company's businesses perform credit evaluations of their customers' financial conditions as appropriate and also obtain collateral or other security when appropriate.
the company enters into derivative transactions infrequently and such transactions are generally insignificant to the company's financial condition and results of operations. these transactions are typically entered into with high-quality financial institutions and exposure at any one institution is limited.
liquidity and capital resources management assesses the company's liquidity in terms of its ability to generate cash to fund its operating, investing and financing requirements. the company continues to generate substantial cash from operating activities and believes that its operating cash flow and other sources of liquidity will be sufficient to allow it to continue investing in existing businesses, consummating strategic acquisitions, paying interest and servicing debt and managing its capital structure on a short and long-term basis.
following is an overview of the company's cash flows and liquidity for the years ended december 31:
overview of cash flows and liquidity cash paid for acquisitions                                                         $(385.8   )         $(4,880.1   )          $(14,247.8   )
payments for additions to property, plant and equipment                             (619.6   )            (589.6   )              (512.9   )
payments for purchases of investments                                                    -                     -                   (87.1   )
proceeds from sales of investments                                                   137.9                 264.8                    43.0
all other investing activities                                                        (8.5   )              21.9                     5.9
net cash used in investing activities                                              $(843.4   )         $(5,243.0   )          $(14,951.0   )
payment for purchase of noncontrolling interest                                      (64.4   )                 -                       -
make-whole premiums to redeem borrowings prior to maturity                               -                (188.1   )                   -
net (repayments of) proceeds from borrowings (maturities of 90 days or less)      (3,778.5   )           2,218.1                 3,511.2
proceeds from borrowings (maturities longer than 90 days)                          1,782.1               3,240.9                 5,682.9
repayments of borrowings (maturities longer than 90 days)                           (668.4   )          (2,480.6   )               (35.5   )
all other financing activities                                                       (59.8   )             (27.0   )                (3.3   )
cash distributions to fortive, net                                                       -                (485.3   )                   -
net cash (used in) provided by financing activities                              $(3,098.5   )          $2,042.7                $9,050.2
•   operating cash flows from continuing operations increased $390 million, or approximately 13%, during 2017 as compared to 2016, due primarily to higher earnings which also included higher noncash charges for depreciation and amortization. the increase was partially offset by (1) the gain on sale of marketable equity securities in 2017, reduced by the net impact in 2016 of the gain from the sale of marketable equity securities and the loss on early extinguishment of borrowings; and (2) the increase in cash flows used for trade accounts receivable, inventories and accounts payable.
•   net cash used in investing activities during 2017 consisted primarily of cash paid for acquisitions and additions to property, plant and equipment. the company acquired ten businesses during 2017 for total consideration (including assumed debt and net of cash acquired) of approximately $386 million. payments for additions to property, plant and equipment increased $30 million in 2017 compared to 2016 and include investments in other operating assets, particularly new facilities and operating assets at newly acquired businesses. these uses of cash were partially offset by proceeds from sales of investments, which includes cash proceeds of $138 million from the sale of certain marketable equity securities.
•   the company used cash generated from operations as well as the proceeds from the long-term borrowings noted below to reduce net outstanding borrowings with maturities of 90 days or less, primarily commercial paper borrowings, by approximately $3.8 billion.
•   during 2017, the company issued approximately $1.8 billion of euro, japanese yen and swiss franc-denominated long-term indebtedness (based on applicable exchange rates as of the pricing dates of the respective notes; refer to note 9 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements) and used the proceeds to repay commercial paper borrowings as well as the €500 million of senior unsecured bonds and the chf 100 million of senior unsecured bonds that matured in 2017.
operating activities cash flows from operating activities can fluctuate significantly from period-to-period as working capital needs and the timing of payments for income taxes, restructuring activities, pension funding and other items impact reported cash flows.
operating cash flows from continuing operations were approximately $3.5 billion for 2017, an increase of $390 million, or approximately 13%, as compared to 2016. the year-over-year change in operating cash flows from 2016 to 2017 was primarily attributable to the following factors:
•   2017 operating cash flows benefited from higher net earnings in 2017 as compared to 2016. the increase was partially offset by the gain on sale of marketable equity securities in 2017, reduced by the net impact in 2016 of the gain from the sale of marketable equity securities and the loss on early extinguishment of borrowings. the cash flow impacts of the gains from the sale of marketable equity securities is reflected in the investing activities section of the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flows, and the cash flow impact of the loss on early extinguishment of borrowings is reflected in the financing activities section of the accompanying consolidated statement of cash flows, and therefore, do not contribute to operating cash flows.
•   the aggregate of trade accounts receivable, inventories and trade accounts payable used $243 million in operating cash flows during 2017, compared to $96 million of operating cash flows used in 2016. the amount of cash flow generated from or used by the aggregate of trade accounts receivable, inventories and trade accounts payable depends upon how effectively the company manages the cash conversion cycle, which effectively represents the number of days that elapse from the day it pays for the purchase of raw materials and components to the collection of cash from its customers and can be significantly impacted by the timing of collections and payments in a period.
•   the aggregate of prepaid expenses and other assets, deferred income taxes and accrued expenses and other liabilities used $110 million in operating cash flows during 2017, compared to $196 million used in 2016. the timing of cash payments for income taxes and various employee related liabilities drove the majority of this change.
•   net earnings from continuing operations for 2017 reflected an increase of $110 million of depreciation and amortization expense as compared to 2016. amortization expense primarily relates to the amortization of intangible assets acquired in connection with business acquisitions. depreciation expense relates to both the company's manufacturing and operating facilities as well as instrumentation leased to customers under operating-type lease arrangements. depreciation and amortization are noncash expenses that decrease earnings without a corresponding impact to operating cash flows.
operating cash flows from continuing operations were approximately $3.1 billion for 2016, an increase of $255 million, or 9% as compared to 2015. this increase was primarily attributable to the increase in net earnings from continuing operations in 2016 as compared to 2015.
investing activities cash flows relating to investing activities consist primarily of cash used for acquisitions and capital expenditures, including instruments leased to customers, cash used for investments and cash proceeds from divestitures of businesses or assets.
net cash used in investing activities was $843 million during 2017 compared to approximately $5.2 billion and approximately $15.0 billion of net cash used in 2016 and 2015, respectively.
acquisitions, divestitures and sale of investments
2017 acquisitions and sale of investments for a discussion of the company's 2017 acquisitions and sale of investments, refer to "-overview."
2016 acquisitions, divestitures and sale of investments for a discussion of the company's 2016 separation of its former test & measurement segment, industrial technologies segment (excluding the product identification businesses) and retail/commercial petroleum business, refer to "-overview."
on november 4, 2016, copper merger sub, inc., a california corporation and an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of the company acquired all of the outstanding shares of common stock of cepheid, a california corporation, for $53.00 per share in cash, for a total purchase price of approximately $4.0 billion, net of assumed debt and acquired cash (the "cepheid acquisition"). cepheid is now part of the company's diagnostics segment. cepheid generated revenues of $539 million in 2015. the company initially financed the cepheid acquisition price with available cash and proceeds from the issuance of u.s. dollar and euro-denominated commercial paper.
in addition to the cepheid acquisition, during 2016 the company acquired seven businesses for total consideration of $882 million in cash, net of cash acquired. the businesses acquired complement existing units of each of the company's four segments. the aggregate annual sales of these seven businesses at the time of their respective acquisitions, in each case based on the company's revenues for its last completed fiscal year prior to the acquisition, were $237 million.
during 2016, the company received cash proceeds of $265 million from the sale of certain marketable equity securities and recorded a pretax gain related to this sale of $223 million ($140 million after-tax or $0.20 per diluted share).
2015 acquisitions, divestitures and sale of investments on august 31, 2015, pentagon merger sub, inc., a new york corporation and an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of the company, acquired all of the outstanding shares of common stock of pall, a new york corporation, for $127.20 per share in cash, for a total purchase price of approximately $13.6 billion, net of assumed debt of $417 million and acquired cash of approximately $1.2 billion (the "pall acquisition"). pall is part of the company's life sciences segment. in its fiscal year ended july 31, 2015, pall generated consolidated revenues of approximately $2.8 billion.
the company initially financed the approximately $13.6 billion acquisition price of pall with approximately $2.5 billion of available cash, approximately $8.1 billion of net proceeds from the issuance and sale of u.s. dollar and euro-denominated commercial paper and €2.7 billion (approximately $3.0 billion based on currency exchange rates as of the date of issuance) of net proceeds from the issuance and sale of euro-denominated senior unsecured notes.
in addition to the pall acquisition, during 2015 the company acquired nine businesses for total consideration of approximately $670 million in cash, net of cash acquired. the businesses acquired complement existing units of each of the company's four segments. the aggregate annual sales of these nine businesses at the time of their respective acquisitions, in each case based on the company's revenues for its last completed fiscal year prior to the acquisition, were approximately $355 million.
in july 2015, the company consummated the split-off of the majority of its former communications business to danaher shareholders who elected to exchange danaher shares for ownership interests in the communications business, and the subsequent merger of the communications business with a subsidiary of netscout. danaher shareholders who participated in the exchange offer tendered 26 million shares of danaher common stock (approximately $2.3 billion on the date of tender) and received 62.5 million shares of netscout common stock which represented approximately 60% of the shares of netscout common stock outstanding following the combination.
the accounting requirements for reporting the disposition of the communications business as a discontinued operation were met when the split-off and merger were completed. accordingly, the accompanying consolidated financial statements for all periods presented reflect this business as discontinued operations. the company allocated a portion of the consolidated interest expense to discontinued operations based on the ratio of the discontinued business' net assets to the company's consolidated net assets. the company recorded an aggregate after-tax gain on the disposition of this business of $767 million, or $1.08 per diluted share, in its 2015 results in connection with the closing of this transaction representing the value of the 26 million shares of company common stock tendered for the communications business in excess of the carrying value of the business' net assets. this gain was included in the results of discontinued operations for the year ended december 31, 2015. the communications business had revenues of $346 million in 2015 prior to the disposition.
during 2015, the company received cash proceeds of $43 million from the sale of certain marketable equity securities and recorded a pretax gain related to these sales of $12 million ($8 million after-tax or $0.01 per diluted share).
capital expenditures capital expenditures are made primarily for increasing capacity, replacing equipment, supporting new product development, improving information technology systems and the manufacture of instruments that are used in operating-type lease arrangements that certain of the company's businesses enter into with customers. capital expenditures totaled $620 million in 2017, $590 million in 2016 and $513 million in 2015. the increase in capital spending in 2017 was due to increased investments in other operating assets, particularly new facilities, and operating assets at newly acquired businesses. the increase in capital spending in 2016 was due to increased investments in machinery and equipment, including operating assets at newly acquired businesses such as pall, and to a lesser extent, increases in equipment leased to customers. in 2018, the company expects capital spending to be approximately $700 million, though actual expenditures will ultimately depend on business conditions.
financing activities cash flows from financing activities consist primarily of cash flows associated with the issuance and repayments of commercial paper and other debt, issuances and repurchases of common stock, excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation, and payments of cash dividends to shareholders. financing activities used cash of approximately $3.1 billion during 2017 compared to approximately $2.0 billion of cash provided during 2016. the year-over-year increase in cash used in financing activities was due primarily to higher net repayments of commercial paper borrowings in 2017 as compared to 2016 (as the company increased its commercial paper borrowings in 2016 for the cepheid acquisition) as well as lower proceeds from the issuance of debt in 2017 as compared to 2016. these impacts were partially offset by lower repayments of long-term debt in 2017 as compared to the comparable period of 2016 as the company used a portion of the proceeds from the fortive distribution to repay outstanding long-term indebtedness in august 2016.
financing activities provided cash of approximately $2.0 billion during 2016 compared to approximately $9.1 billion of cash provided during 2015. cash provided by financing activities in 2016 primarily relates to approximately $3.4 billion of net proceeds received from the issuance of the fortive debt in june 2016 and the net issuance of outstanding borrowings with maturities of 90 days or less, primarily commercial paper borrowings, of approximately $2.2 billion, and the issuance of approximately ¥29.9 billion aggregate principal amount (approximately $262 million based on the currency exchange rate as of the date of the issuance) of 0.352% senior unsecured notes. these issuances were partially offset by the repayment of the $500 million aggregate principal amount of 2.3% senior unsecured notes that matured in june 2016, the repayment of approximately $1.9 billion in aggregate principal amount of outstanding indebtedness in august 2016 (consisting of the redeemed notes), the repayment of the chf 120 million ($124 million) aggregate principal amount of the 4.0% senior unsecured notes due in october 2016 and $485 million of cash distributed to fortive in connection with the separation.
total debt was approximately $10.5 billion and $12.3 billion as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the company had the ability to incur an additional $1.6 billion of indebtedness in direct borrowings or under the outstanding commercial paper facility based on the amounts available under the company's $4.0 billion credit facility which were not being used to backstop outstanding commercial paper balances as of december 31, 2017. refer to note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding the company's financing activities and indebtedness, including the company's outstanding debt as of december 31, 2017, and the company's commercial paper program and related credit facility.
shelf registration statement the company has filed a "well-known seasoned issuer" shelf registration statement on form s-3 with the sec that registers an indeterminate amount of debt securities, common stock, preferred stock, warrants, depositary shares, purchase contracts and units for future issuance. the company utilized this shelf registration statement for the offering and sale of the u.s. dollar and euro-denominated senior unsecured notes issued in 2015 and 2017. the company expects to use net proceeds realized by the company from future securities sales off this shelf registration statement for general corporate purposes, including without limitation repayment or refinancing of debt or other corporate obligations, acquisitions, capital expenditures, share repurchases and dividends and/or working capital.
stock repurchase program please see "issuer purchases of equity securities" in item 5 of part ii of this annual report for a description of the company's stock repurchase program.
dividends the company declared a regular quarterly dividend of $0.14 per share that was paid on january 26, 2018 to holders of record on december 29, 2017. aggregate cash payments for dividends during 2017 were $378 million. dividend payments were lower in 2017 as compared to 2016 as the company decreased the per share amount of its quarterly dividend in the third quarter of 2016 as a result of the fortive separation.
for a description of the dividend of fortive shares in july 2016, refer to note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.
cash and cash requirements as of december 31, 2017, the company held $630 million of cash and cash equivalents that were invested in highly liquid investment-grade debt instruments with a maturity of 90 days or less with an approximate weighted average annual interest rate of 0.9%. of this amount, $37 million was held within the united states and $593 million was held outside of the united states. the company will continue to have cash requirements to support working capital needs, capital expenditures and acquisitions, pay interest and service debt, pay taxes and any related interest or penalties, fund its restructuring activities and pension plans as required, pay dividends to shareholders, repurchase shares of the company's common stock and support other business needs. the company generally intends to use available cash and internally generated funds to meet these cash requirements, but in the event that additional liquidity is required, particularly in connection with acquisitions, the company may also borrow under its commercial paper programs or credit facility, enter into new credit facilities and either borrow directly thereunder or use such credit facilities to backstop additional borrowing capacity under its commercial paper programs and/or access the capital markets. the company also may from time to time access the capital markets to take advantage of favorable interest rate environments or other market conditions.
while repatriation of some cash held outside the united states may be restricted by local laws, most of the company's foreign cash could be repatriated to the united states. following enactment of the tcja and the associated transition tax, in general, repatriation of cash to the united states can be completed with no incremental u.s. tax; however, repatriation of cash could subject the company to non-u.s. jurisdictional taxes on distributions. the cash that the company's non-u.s. subsidiaries hold for indefinite reinvestment is generally used to finance foreign operations and investments, including acquisitions. the income taxes applicable to such earnings are not readily determinable or practicable. the company continues to evaluate the impact of the tcja on its election to indefinitely reinvest certain of its non-u.s. earnings. as of december 31, 2017, management believes that it has sufficient liquidity to satisfy its cash needs, including its cash needs in the united states.
during 2017, the company contributed $53 million to its u.s. defined benefit pension plans and $45 million to its non-u.s. defined benefit pension plans. during 2018, the company's cash contribution requirements for its u.s. and its non-u.s. defined benefit pension plans are expected to be approximately $30 million and $50 million, respectively. the ultimate amounts to be contributed depend upon, among other things, legal requirements, underlying asset returns, the plan's funded status, the anticipated tax deductibility of the contribution, local practices, market conditions, interest rates and other factors.
contractual obligations the following table sets forth, by period due or year of expected expiration, as applicable, a summary of the company's contractual obligations as of december 31, 2017 under (1) debt obligations, (2) leases, (3) purchase obligations and (4) other long-term liabilities reflected on the company's consolidated balance sheet the amounts presented in the "other long-term liabilities" line in the table below include $670 million of noncurrent gross unrecognized tax benefits and related interest (and do not include $66 million of current gross unrecognized tax benefits which are included in the "accrued expenses and other liabilities" line on the consolidated balance sheet). however, the timing of the long-term portion of these liabilities is uncertain, and therefore, they have been included in the "more than 5 years" column in the table below. refer to note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on unrecognized tax benefits. certain of the company's acquisitions also involve the potential payment of contingent consideration. the table below does not reflect any such obligations, as the timing and amounts of any such payments are uncertain. refer to "-off-balance sheet arrangements" for a discussion of other contractual obligations that are not reflected in the table below.
capital lease obligations (b)                                                                  18.3                     4.6                       0.8                     0.9                      12.0
interest payments on debt and capital lease obligations (c)                                 1,277.8                   150.2                     252.7                   183.4                     691.5
other long-term liabilities reflected on the company's consolidated balance sheet (f)       5,161.1                       -                     625.0                   448.3                   4,087.8
(a)   as described in note 9 to the consolidated financial statements.
(b)   amounts do not include interest payments. interest on debt and capital lease obligations is reflected in a separate line in the table.
(c)   interest payments on debt are projected for future periods using the interest rates in effect as of december 31, 2017. certain of these projected interest payments may differ in the future based on changes in market interest rates.
(d)   as described in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements, certain leases require the company to pay real estate taxes, insurance, maintenance and other operating expenses associated with the leased premises. these future costs are not included in the table above.
(e)   consist of agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding on the company and that specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased, fixed, minimum or variable price provisions and the approximate timing of the transaction.
(f)   primarily consist of obligations under product service and warranty policies and allowances, performance and operating cost guarantees, estimated environmental remediation costs, self-insurance and litigation claims, postretirement benefits, pension obligations, deferred tax liabilities and deferred compensation obligations. the timing of cash flows associated with these obligations is based upon management's estimates over the terms of these arrangements and is largely based upon historical experience.
off-balance sheet arrangements guarantees and related instruments the following table sets forth, by period due or year of expected expiration, as applicable, a summary of guarantees and related instruments of the company as of december 31, 2017.
amount of commitment expiration per period guarantees and related instruments consist primarily of outstanding standby letters of credit, bank guarantees and performance and bid bonds. these have been provided in connection with certain arrangements with vendors, customers, insurance providers, financing counterparties and governmental entities to secure the company's obligations and/or performance requirements related to specific transactions.
other off-balance sheet arrangements the company has from time to time divested certain of its businesses and assets. in connection with these divestitures, the company often provides representations, warranties and/or indemnities to cover various risks and unknown liabilities, such as claims for damages arising out of the use of products or relating to intellectual property matters, commercial disputes, environmental matters or tax matters. in particular, in connection with the 2016 fortive separation and the 2015 split-off of the company's communications business, danaher entered into separation and distribution and related agreements pursuant to which danaher agreed to indemnify the other parties against certain damages and expenses that might occur in the future. these indemnification obligations cover a variety of liabilities, including, but not limited to, employee, tax and environmental matters. the company has not included any such items in the contractual obligations table above because they relate to unknown conditions and the company cannot estimate the potential liabilities from such matters, but the company does not believe it is reasonably possible that any such liability will have a material effect on the company's financial statements. in addition, as a result of these divestitures, as well as restructuring activities, certain properties leased by the company have been sublet to third-parties. in the event any of these third-parties vacate any of these premises, the company would be legally obligated under master lease arrangements. the company believes that the financial risk of default by such sub-lessors is individually and in the aggregate not material to the company's consolidated financial statements.
in the normal course of business, the company periodically enters into agreements that require it to indemnify customers, suppliers or other business partners for specific risks, such as claims for injury or property damage arising out of the company's products or services or claims alleging that company products or services infringe third-party intellectual property. the company has not included any such indemnification provisions in the contractual obligations table above. historically, the company has not experienced significant losses on these types of indemnification obligations.
the company's restated certificate of incorporation requires it to indemnify to the full extent authorized or permitted by law any person made, or threatened to be made a party to any action or proceeding by reason of his or her service as a director or officer of the company, or by reason of serving at the request of the company as a director or officer of any other entity, subject to limited exceptions. danaher's amended and restated by-laws provide for similar indemnification rights. in addition, danaher has executed with each director and executive officer of danaher corporation an indemnification agreement which provides for substantially similar indemnification rights and under which danaher has agreed to pay expenses in advance of the final disposition of any such indemnifiable proceeding. while the company maintains insurance for this type of liability, a significant deductible applies to this coverage and any such liability could exceed the amount of the insurance coverage.
legal proceedings refer to "item 3. legal proceedings" and note 16 to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding legal proceedings and contingencies, and for a discussion of risks related to legal proceedings and contingencies, refer to "item 1a. risk factors."
critical accounting estimates management's discussion and analysis of the company's financial condition and results of operations is based upon the company's consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states. the preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. the company bases these estimates and judgments on historical experience, the current economic environment and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. actual results may differ materially from these estimates and judgments.
the company believes the following accounting estimates are most critical to an understanding of its financial statements. estimates are considered to be critical if they meet both of the following criteria: (1) the estimate requires assumptions about material matters that are uncertain at the time the estimate is made, and (2) material changes in the estimate are reasonably likely from period-to-period. for a detailed discussion on the application of these and other accounting estimates, refer to note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.
acquired intangibles-the company's business acquisitions typically result in the recognition of goodwill, in-process r&d and other intangible assets, which affect the amount of future period amortization expense and possible impairment charges that the company may incur. refer to notes 1, 2 and 6 to the consolidated financial statements for a description of the company's policies relating to goodwill, acquired intangibles and acquisitions.
in performing its goodwill impairment testing, the company estimates the fair value of its reporting units primarily using a market-based approach. in evaluating the estimates derived by the market-based approach, management makes judgments about the relevance and reliability of the multiples by considering factors unique to its reporting units, including operating results, business plans, economic projections, anticipated future cash flows, and transactions and marketplace data as well as judgments about the comparability of the market proxies selected. in certain circumstances the company also estimates fair value utilizing a discounted cash flow analysis (i.e., an income approach) in order to validate the results of the market approach. the discounted cash flow model requires judgmental assumptions about projected revenue growth, future operating margins, discount rates and terminal values. there are inherent uncertainties related to these assumptions and management's judgment in applying them to the analysis of goodwill impairment.
as of december 31, 2017, the company had eight reporting units for goodwill impairment testing. reporting units resulting from recent acquisitions generally present the highest risk of impairment. management believes the impairment risk associated with these reporting units decreases as these businesses are integrated into the company and better positioned for potential future earnings growth. the company's annual goodwill impairment analysis in 2017 indicated that in all instances, the fair values of the company's reporting units exceeded their carrying values and consequently did not result in an impairment charge. the excess of the estimated fair value over carrying value (expressed as a percentage of carrying value for the respective reporting unit) for each of the company's reporting units as of the annual testing date ranged from approximately 50% to approximately 600%. in order to evaluate the sensitivity of the fair value calculations used in the goodwill impairment test, the company applied a hypothetical 10% decrease to the fair values of each reporting unit and compared those hypothetical values to the reporting unit carrying values. based on this hypothetical 10% decrease, the excess of the estimated fair value over carrying value (expressed as a percentage of carrying value for the respective reporting unit) for each of the company's reporting units ranged from approximately 35% to approximately 530%.
the company reviews identified intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amounts may not be recoverable. the company also tests intangible assets with indefinite lives at least annually for impairment. determining whether an impairment loss occurred requires a comparison of the carrying amount to the sum of undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. these analyses require management to make judgments and estimates about future revenues, expenses, market conditions and discount rates related to these assets.
if actual results are not consistent with management's estimates and assumptions, goodwill and other intangible assets may be overstated and a charge would need to be taken against net earnings which would adversely affect the company's consolidated financial statements. historically, the company's estimates of goodwill and intangible assets have been materially correct.
contingent liabilities-as discussed in "item 3. legal proceedings" and note 16 to the consolidated financial statements, the company is, from time to time, subject to a variety of litigation and similar contingent liabilities incidental to its business (or the business operations of previously owned entities). the company recognizes a liability for any contingency that is known or probable of occurrence and reasonably estimable. these assessments require judgments concerning matters such as litigation developments and outcomes, the anticipated outcome of negotiations, the number of future claims and the cost of both pending and future claims. in addition, because most contingencies are resolved over long periods of time, liabilities may change in the future due to various factors, including those discussed in note 16 to the consolidated financial statements. if the reserves established by the company with respect to these contingent liabilities are inadequate, the company would be required to incur an expense equal to the amount of the loss incurred in excess of the reserves, which would adversely affect the company's financial statements.
revenue recognition-the company derives revenues from the sale of products and services. refer to note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for a description of the company's revenue recognition policies.
although most of the company's sales agreements contain standard terms and conditions, certain agreements contain multiple elements or nonstandard terms and conditions. as a result, judgment is sometimes required to determine the appropriate accounting, including whether the deliverables specified in these agreements should be treated as separate units of accounting for revenue recognition purposes, and, if so, how the consideration should be allocated among the elements and when to recognize revenue for each element. the company allocates revenue to each element in the contractual arrangement based on the selling price hierarchy that, in some instances, may require the company to estimate the selling price of certain deliverables that are not sold separately or where third-party evidence of pricing is not observable. the company's estimate of selling price impacts the amount and timing of revenue recognized in multiple element arrangements. the company also enters into lease arrangements with customers, which requires the company to determine whether the arrangements are operating or sales-type leases. certain of the company's lease contracts are customized for larger customers and often result in complex terms and conditions that typically require significant judgment in applying the lease accounting criteria.
on january 1, 2018, the company adopted accounting standards update ("asu") no. 2014-09, revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606), which supersedes nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance. refer to 'new accounting standards' in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the company's adoption of this asu.
if the company's judgments regarding revenue recognition prove incorrect, the company's reported revenues in particular periods may be incorrect. historically, the company's estimates of revenue have been materially correct.
pension and other postretirement benefits-for a description of the company's pension and other postretirement benefit accounting practices, refer to notes 10 and 11 to the consolidated financial statements. calculations of the amount of pension and other postretirement benefit costs and obligations depend on the assumptions used in the actuarial valuations, including assumptions regarding discount rates, expected return on plan assets, rates of salary increases, health care cost trend rates, mortality rates, and other factors. if the assumptions used in calculating pension and other postretirement benefits costs and obligations are incorrect or if the factors underlying the assumptions change (as a result of differences in actual experience, changes in key economic indicators or other factors) the company's consolidated financial statements could be materially affected. a 50 basis point reduction in the discount rates used for the plans would have increased the u.s. net obligation by $146 million ($111 million on an after-tax basis) and the non-u.s. net obligation by $142 million ($107 million on an after-tax basis) from the amounts recorded in the consolidated financial statements as of december 31, 2017. a 50 basis point increase in the discount rates used for the plans would have decreased the u.s. net obligation by $134 million ($102 million on an after-tax basis) and the non-u.s. net obligation by $137 million ($104 million on an after-tax basis) from the amounts recorded in the consolidated financial statements as of december 31, 2017.
for 2017, the estimated long-term rate of return for the u.s. plans is 7.0%, and the company intends to continue to use an assumption of 7.0% for 2018. the estimated long-term rate of return for the non-u.s. plans was determined on a plan-by-plan basis based on the nature of the plan assets and ranged from 1.0% to 5.8%. if the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets for 2017 was reduced by 50 basis points, pension expense for the u.s. and non-u.s. plans for 2017 would have increased $9 million ($6 million on an after-tax basis) and $5 million ($4 million on an after-tax basis), respectively.
for a discussion of the company's 2017 and anticipated 2018 defined benefit pension plan contributions, refer to "-liquidity and capital resources - cash and cash requirements".
income taxes-for a description of the company's income tax accounting policies, refer to notes 1 and 12 to the consolidated financial statements. the company establishes valuation allowances for its deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. this requires management to make judgments and estimates regarding: (1) the timing and amount of the reversal of taxable temporary differences, (2) expected future taxable income, and
(3) the impact of tax planning strategies. future changes to tax rates would also impact the amounts of deferred tax assets and liabilities and could have an adverse impact on the company's consolidated financial statements.
the company provides for unrecognized tax benefits when, based upon the technical merits, it is "more likely than not" that an uncertain tax position will not be sustained upon examination. judgment is required in evaluating tax positions and determining income tax provisions. the company re-evaluates the technical merits of its tax positions and may recognize an uncertain tax benefit in certain circumstances, including when: (1) a tax audit is completed; (2) applicable tax laws change, including a tax case ruling or legislative guidance; or (3) the applicable statute of limitations expires.
on december 22, 2017, the tcja was enacted, which substantially changes the u.s. tax system, including lowering the corporate tax rate from 35% to 21% (beginning in 2018), and affected the company in a number of ways. under u.s. gaap, the company is required to account for tax legislation when the legislation is enacted. accordingly, the company has reflected the provisional estimate of changes from the tcja in the consolidated financial statements as of december 31, 2017 based upon the company's analysis of the legislation using available information. certain assumptions related to the impact of the tcja will require continued monitoring and further analysis including the amount of foreign cash and undistributed earnings subject to the transition tax, the amount of available credits to reduce required payments of the transition tax and the impact of estimated temporary differences between book and taxable income in 2017 or prior periods under audit by the irs. although the company believes that its estimates and judgments are reasonable, actual results may differ materially from these estimates. the company will continue to refine these estimates throughout 2018 and record any required adjustments as they are determined as permitted by sab no. 118. the u.s. treasury department and the irs have not yet issued regulations implementing the new tax law, and these regulations could result in changes to the company's estimates. some or all of these judgments are also subject to review by the irs. if the irs were to successfully challenge the company's right to realize some or all of the tax benefit the company has recorded, based on current interpretation of the law regarding certain items, or if the amount of the transition tax or other tax liabilities are understated, it could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial statements.
in addition, certain of the company's tax returns are currently under review by tax authorities including in denmark (refer to "-results of operations - income taxes" and note 12 to the consolidated financial statements). management believes the positions taken in these returns are in accordance with the relevant tax laws. however, the outcome of these audits is uncertain and could result in the company being required to record charges for prior year tax obligations which could have a material adverse impact to the company's consolidated financial statements, including its effective tax rate.
an increase of 1.0% in the company's 2017 nominal tax rate would have resulted in an additional income tax provision for continuing operations for the year ended december 31, 2017 of $29 million.
new accounting standards for a discussion of the new accounting standards impacting the company, refer to note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.