item 1a.   risk factors you should carefully consider the risks described below together with the other information set forth in this report, which could materially affect our business, financial condition and future results. the risks described below are not the only risks facing our company. risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.
risks related to our business and industry we have experienced in the past, and may experience in the future, delays or other complications in the design, manufacture, launch and production ramp of new vehicles and other products such as model 3, our energy storage products and the solar roof, which could harm our brand, business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
we have previously experienced launch, manufacturing and production ramp delays or other complications in connection with new vehicle models such as model s, model x and model 3, and new vehicle features such as the all-wheel drive dual motor drivetrain on model s and the second version of autopilot hardware. for example, we encountered unanticipated challenges, such as certain supply chain constraints, that led to initial delays in producing model x. similarly, we have experienced certain bottlenecks in the production of model 3 in places like the battery module assembly line at gigafactory 1, leading to delays in its ramp. if such issues continue longer than expected, or new issues arise or recur with respect to model 3 or any of our other production vehicles, we could experience further delays. in addition, because our vehicle models share certain production facilities with other models, the volume or efficiency of production with respect to one model may impact the production of other models.
we may also experience similar future delays or other complications in bringing to market and ramping production of new vehicles, such as our tesla semi truck, our planned model y and new tesla roadster, our energy storage products and the solar roof. any significant additional delay or other complication in the production of our current products or the development, manufacture, launch and production ramp of our future products, including complications associated with expanding our production capacity and supply chain or obtaining or maintaining regulatory approvals, could materially damage our brand, business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
we may experience delays in realizing our projected timelines and cost and volume targets for the production and ramp of our model 3 vehicle, which could harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
our future business depends in large part on our ability to execute on our plans to manufacture, market and sell the model 3 vehicle, which we are offering at a lower price point and which we intend to produce at significantly higher volumes than our present production capabilities for the model s or model x vehicles. we commenced production and initial customer deliveries of model 3 in july 2017 and are targeting a forecasted production rate of 5,000 model 3 vehicles per week by the end of the second quarter of 2018.
we have no experience to date in manufacturing vehicles at the high volumes that we anticipate for model 3, and to be successful, we will need to complete the implementation and ramp of efficient and cost-effective manufacturing capabilities, processes and supply chains necessary to support such volumes. we are employing a higher degree of automation in our materials conveyance, battery module production and other manufacturing processes for model 3 than we have previously employed, and in some cases we have implemented interim processes such as semi-automated manufacturing lines, for which we are likely to incur additional labor costs until we bring online our fully automated processes. moreover, our model 3 production plan has generally required and will require significant investments of cash and management resources.
our production plan for model 3 is based on many key assumptions, including:
•   that we will be able to complete ramping high volume production of model 3 at the tesla factory without exceeding our projected costs and on our projected timeline;
•   that we will be able to continue to expand gigafactory 1 in a timely manner to produce high volumes of quality lithium-ion cells to be integrated into battery modules and finished battery packs and drive unit components for model 3, all at costs that allow us to sell model 3 at our target gross margins;
•   that the equipment and processes which we have selected for model 3 production will be able to accurately manufacture high volumes of model 3 vehicles within specified design tolerances and with high quality;
•   that we will be able to maintain suppliers for the necessary components on terms and conditions that are acceptable to us and that we will be able to obtain components on a timely basis and in the necessary quantities to support high volume production; and
•   that we will be able to attract, recruit, hire, train and retain skilled employees, including employees on the production line, to operate our planned high volume production facilities to support model 3, including at the tesla factory and gigafactory 1.
if one or more of the foregoing assumptions turns out to be incorrect, our ability to meet our model 3 projections on time and at volumes and prices that are profitable, the number of current and future model 3 reservations, as well as our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition, may be materially and adversely impacted.
we may be unable to meet our growing vehicle production and delivery plans, both of which could harm our business and prospects.
our plans call for significant increases in vehicle production and deliveries to high volumes in a short amount of time. our ability to achieve these plans will depend upon a number of factors, including our ability to utilize installed manufacturing capacity, achieve the planned production yield and further increase capacity as planned while maintaining our desired quality levels and optimize design and production changes, and our suppliers' ability to support our needs. in addition, we have used and may use in the future a number of new manufacturing technologies, techniques and processes for our vehicles, which we must successfully introduce and scale for high volume production. for example, we have introduced highly automated production lines, aluminum spot welding systems and high-speed blow forming of certain difficult to stamp vehicle parts. we have also introduced unique design features in our vehicles with different manufacturing challenges, such as large display screens, dual motor drivetrain, autopilot hardware and falcon-wing doors. we have limited experience developing, manufacturing, selling and servicing, and allocating our available resources among, multiple products simultaneously. if we are unable to realize our plans, our brand, business, prospects, financial condition and operating results could be materially damaged.
concurrent with the significant planned increase in our vehicle production levels, we will also need to continue to significantly increase deliveries of, and servicing capacity for, our vehicles. although we have a plan for delivering and servicing significantly increased volumes of vehicles, we have limited experience in delivering a high volume of vehicles, and no experience in delivering and servicing vehicles at the significantly higher volumes we anticipate for model 3, and we may face difficulties meeting our delivery and growth plans into both existing markets as well as new markets into which we expand. if we are unable to ramp up to meet our delivery and servicing needs globally, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
we are dependent on our suppliers, the majority of which are single source suppliers, and the inability of these suppliers to deliver necessary components of our products according to our schedule and at prices, quality levels, and volumes acceptable to us, or our inability to efficiently manage these components, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results.
our products contain numerous purchased parts which we source globally from hundreds of direct suppliers, the majority of whom are currently single source suppliers, although we attempt to qualify and obtain components from multiple sources whenever feasible. any significant unanticipated demand would require us to procure additional components in a short amount of time, and in the past we have also replaced certain suppliers because of their failure to provide components that met our quality control standards. while we believe that we will be able to secure additional or alternate sources of supply for most of our components in a relatively short time frame, there is no assurance that we will be able to do so or develop our own replacements for certain highly customized components of our products. moreover, we have signed long-term agreements with panasonic to be our manufacturing partner and supplier for lithium-ion cells at gigafactory 1 in nevada and pv cells and panels at gigafactory 2 in buffalo, new york. if we encounter unexpected difficulties with key suppliers such as panasonic, and if we are unable to fill these needs from other suppliers, we could experience production delays and potential loss of access to important technology and parts for producing, servicing and supporting our products.
this limited, and in many cases single source, supply chain exposes us to multiple potential sources of delivery failure or component shortages for the production of our products, such as those which we experienced in 2012 and 2016 in connection with our slower-than-planned model s and model x ramps. furthermore, unexpected changes in business conditions, materials pricing, labor issues, wars, governmental changes, natural disasters such as the march 2011 earthquakes in japan and other factors beyond our and our suppliers' control, could also affect our suppliers' ability to deliver components to us on a timely basis. the loss of any single or limited source supplier or the disruption in the supply of components from these suppliers could lead to product design changes and delays in product deliveries to our customers, which could hurt our relationships with our customers and result in negative publicity, damage to our brand and a material and adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
changes in our supply chain have also resulted in the past, and may result in the future, in increased cost. we have also experienced cost increases from certain of our suppliers in order to meet our quality targets and development timelines as well as due to design changes that we made, and we may experience similar cost increases in the future. certain suppliers have sought to renegotiate the terms of the supply arrangements. additionally, we are negotiating with existing suppliers for cost reductions, seeking new and less expensive suppliers for certain parts, and attempting to redesign certain parts to make them less expensive to produce. if we are unsuccessful in our efforts to control and reduce supplier costs, our operating results will suffer.
the foregoing discussion applies to model 3 and our energy storage products as well. however, because we plan to produce model 3 at significantly higher volumes than model s or model x, the negative impact of any delays or other constraints with respect to our suppliers for model 3 could be substantially greater than any such issues experienced with respect to our other products. as some of our suppliers for model s and model x do not have the resources, equipment or capability to provide components for the model 3 in line with our requirements, we have engaged a significant number of new suppliers, and we need such suppliers to ramp and deliver according to our schedule. there is no assurance that these suppliers will ultimately be able to meet our cost, quality and volume needs, or do so at the times needed. furthermore, as the scale of our vehicle production increases, we will need to accurately forecast, purchase, warehouse and transport to our manufacturing facilities components at much higher volumes than we have experience with. if we are unable to accurately match the timing and quantities of component purchases to our actual needs, or successfully implement automation, inventory management and other systems to accommodate the increased complexity in our supply chain, we may incur unexpected production disruption, storage, transportation and write-off costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results.
our future growth and success is dependent upon consumers' willingness to adopt electric vehicles and specifically our vehicles, especially in the mass market demographic which we are targeting with model 3.
our growth is highly dependent upon the adoption by consumers of alternative fuel vehicles in general and electric vehicles in particular. although we have successfully grown demand for model s and model x, have seen very strong initial demand for model 3, and believe that we will be able to continue to grow demand separately for each of these and future vehicles, there is no guarantee of such future demand or that our vehicles will not compete with one another in the market. moreover, the mass market demographic which we are targeting with model 3 is larger, but more competitive, than the demographic for model s and model x, and additional electric vehicles are entering the market.
if the market for electric vehicles in general and tesla vehicles in particular does not develop as we expect, or develops more slowly than we expect, or if demand for our vehicles decreases in key and other markets, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results could be harmed. the market for alternative fuel vehicles is relatively new, rapidly evolving, and could be affected by numerous external factors, such as:
•   perceptions about electric vehicle features, quality, safety, performance and cost;
•   perceptions about the limited range over which electric vehicles may be driven on a single battery charge;
•   competition, including from other types of alternative fuel vehicles, plug-in hybrid electric vehicles, and high fuel-economy internal combustion engine vehicles;
•   volatility in the cost of oil and gasoline;
•   access to charging facilities.
future problems or delays in expanding gigafactory 1 or ramping operations there could negatively affect the production and profitability of our products, such as model 3.
to lower the cost of cell production and produce cells in high volume, we have vertically integrated the production of lithium-ion cells and finished battery packs for model 3 and energy storage products at gigafactory 1. while gigafactory 1 began producing lithium-ion cells for energy storage products in january 2017 and has since begun producing lithium-ion cells for model 3, we have no other direct experience in the production of lithium-ion cells. given the size and complexity of this undertaking, it is possible that future events could result in the cost of expanding and operating gigafactory 1 exceeding our current expectations and gigafactory 1 taking longer to ramp production and expand than we currently anticipate. in order to reach our planned volume and gross margin for model 3, we must have significant cell production from gigafactory 1, which, among other things, requires panasonic to successfully ramp its all-new cell production lines to significant volumes over a short period of time. although panasonic has a long track record of producing high-quality cells at significant volume at its factories in japan, it has never before started and ramped cell production at a factory in the u.s. like at gigafactory 1. in addition, we have started producing several components for model 3, such as battery modules incorporating the lithium-ion cells produced by panasonic, at gigafactory 1. some of the manufacturing lines for such components have taken longer than anticipated to ramp to their full capacity. we expect that we will continue to experience challenges as we move through the ramp, and we will continue to fine-tune our manufacturing lines to address them. while we currently believe that we will reach our production targets, if we are unable to resolve ramping challenges and expand gigafactory 1 production in a timely manner and at reasonable prices, and if we or panasonic are unable to attract, hire and retain a substantial number of highly skilled personnel, our ability to supply battery packs or other components for model 3 and our other products could be negatively impacted. any such problems or delays with gigafactory 1 could negatively affect our brand and harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
if our vehicles or other products that we sell or install fail to perform as expected, our ability to develop, market and sell our products and services could be harmed.
if our vehicles or our energy products were to contain defects in design and manufacture that cause them not to perform as expected or that require repair, or certain features of our vehicles, such as full self-driving, take longer than expected to become enabled or are legally restricted, our ability to develop, market and sell our products and services could be harmed. for example, the operation of our vehicles is highly dependent on software, which is inherently complex and could conceivably contain latent defects and errors or be subject to external attacks. issues experienced by customers have included those related to the software for the 17 inch display screen, the panoramic roof and the 12 volt battery in the model s and the seats and doors in the model x. although we attempt to remedy any issues we observe in our products as effectively and rapidly as possible, such efforts may not be timely, may hamper production or may not be up to the satisfaction of our customers. while we have performed extensive internal testing on the products we manufacture, we currently have a limited frame of reference by which to evaluate detailed long-term quality, reliability, durability and performance characteristics of our battery packs, powertrains, vehicles and energy storage products. there can be no assurance that we will be able to detect and fix any defects in our products prior to their sale to or installation for consumers.
any product defects, delays or legal restrictions on product features, or other failure of our products to perform as expected could harm our reputation and result in delivery delays, product recalls, product liability claims, significant warranty and other expenses, and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. model 3 has not yet been evaluated by nhtsa for a star rating under the new car assessment program, and while based on our internal evaluation we expect to obtain comparable ratings to those achieved by model s and model x, there is no assurance this will occur.
if we fail to scale our business operations and otherwise manage future growth and adapt to new conditions effectively as we rapidly grow our company, including internationally, we may not be able to produce, market, sell and service our products successfully.
any failure to manage our growth effectively could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. we continue to expand our operations significantly, including internationally, including by a transition to high volume vehicle production with the ramp of model 3 and the worldwide sales, delivery and servicing of a significantly higher number of vehicles than our current vehicle fleet in the coming years. furthermore, we are developing and growing our energy storage product and solar business worldwide, including in countries where we have limited or no previous operating experience in connection with our vehicle business. our future operating results depend to a large extent on our ability to manage our expansion and growth successfully. we may not be successful in undertaking this global expansion if we are unable to control expenses and avoid cost overruns and other unexpected operating costs; establish sufficient worldwide automobile sales, delivery, service and supercharger facilities in a timely manner; adapt our products and conduct our operations to meet local requirements; implement the required infrastructure, systems and processes; and find and hire a significant number of additional manufacturing, engineering, service, electrical installation, construction and administrative personnel.
if we are unable to achieve our targeted manufacturing costs for our vehicles, including model 3, our financial condition and operating results will suffer.
while we have experienced and expect in the future to realize cost reductions by both us and our suppliers, there is no guarantee we will be able to achieve sufficient cost savings to reach our gross margin and profitability goals. we incur significant costs related to procuring the materials required to manufacture our vehicles, assembling vehicles and compensating our personnel. we may also incur substantial costs or cost overruns in utilizing and increasing the production capability of our vehicle manufacturing facilities, such as for model 3. furthermore, if we are unable to achieve production cost targets on our vehicles pursuant to our plans, we may not be able to meet our gross margin and other financial targets. many of the factors that impact our manufacturing costs are beyond our control, such as potential increases in the costs of our materials and components, such as lithium, nickel, and other components of our battery cells or aluminum used to produce body panels. if we are unable to continue to control and reduce our manufacturing costs, our operating results, business and prospects will be harmed.
we are significantly dependent upon revenue generated from the sale of a limited fleet of electric vehicles, which currently includes model s, model x and model 3.
we currently generate a significant percentage of our revenues from the sale of two products: model s and model x vehicles. model 3, for which we are planning significantly higher volumes than model s or model x, has required and will continue to require significant investment in connection with its ongoing ramp, and there is no guarantee that it will be commercially successful. historically, automobile customers have come to expect a variety of vehicles offered in a manufacturer's fleet and new and improved vehicle models to be introduced frequently. in order to meet these expectations, we may in the future be required to introduce on a regular basis new vehicle models as well as enhanced versions of existing vehicle models. to the extent our product variety and cycles do not meet consumer expectations, or cannot be produced on our projected timelines and cost and volume targets, our future sales may be adversely affected. this could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
our vehicles and energy storage products make use of lithium-ion battery cells, which have been observed to catch fire or vent smoke and flame, and such events have raised concerns, and future events may lead to additional concerns, about the batteries used in automotive applications.
the battery packs that we produce make use of lithium-ion cells. on rare occasions, lithium-ion cells can rapidly release the energy they contain by venting smoke and flames in a manner that can ignite nearby materials as well as other lithium-ion cells. while we have designed the battery pack to passively contain any single cell's release of energy without spreading to neighboring cells, there can be no assurance that a field or testing failure of our vehicles or other battery packs that we produce will not occur, which could subject us to lawsuits, product recalls, or redesign efforts, all of which would be time consuming and expensive. also, negative public perceptions regarding the suitability of lithium-ion cells for automotive applications or any future incident involving lithium-ion cells such as a vehicle or other fire, even if such incident does not involve our vehicles or energy storage products, could seriously harm our business.
in addition, we store a significant number of lithium-ion cells at our facilities and plan to produce high volumes of cells and battery modules and packs at gigafactory 1. any mishandling of battery cells may cause disruption to the operation of our facilities. while we have implemented safety procedures related to the handling of the cells, there can be no assurance that a safety issue or fire related to the cells would not disrupt our operations. such damage or injury could lead to adverse publicity and potentially a safety recall. moreover, any failure of a competitor's electric vehicle or energy storage product may cause indirect adverse publicity for us and our products. such adverse publicity could negatively affect our brand and harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
increases in costs, disruption of supply or shortage of materials, in particular for lithium-ion cells, could harm our business.
we may experience increases in the cost or a sustained interruption in the supply or shortage of materials. any such increase, supply interruption or shortage could materially and negatively impact our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. we use various materials in our business including aluminum, steel, lithium, nickel, copper and cobalt, as well as lithium-ion cells from suppliers. the prices for these materials fluctuate, and their available supply may be unstable, depending on market conditions and global demand for these materials, including as a result of increased production of electric vehicles and energy storage products by our competitors, and could adversely affect our business and operating results. for instance, we are exposed to multiple risks relating to lithium-ion cells. these risks include:
•   an increase in the cost, or decrease in the available supply, of materials used in the cells;
•   disruption in the supply of cells due to quality issues or recalls by battery cell manufacturers or any issues that may arise with respect to cells manufactured at our own facilities; and
•   fluctuations in the value of the japanese yen against the u.s. dollar as our battery cell purchases for model s and model x and some raw materials for cells used in model 3 and energy storage products are currently denominated in japanese yen.
our business is dependent on the continued supply of battery cells for the battery packs used in our vehicles and energy storage products. while we believe several sources of the battery cells are available for such battery packs, and expect to eventually rely substantially on battery cells manufactured at our own facilities, we have to date fully qualified only a very limited number of suppliers for the cells used in such battery packs and have very limited flexibility in changing cell suppliers. in particular, we have fully qualified only one supplier for the cells used in battery packs for our current production vehicles. any disruption in the supply of battery cells from such suppliers could disrupt production of our vehicles and of the battery packs we produce for energy products until such time as a different supplier is fully qualified. furthermore, fluctuations or shortages in petroleum and other economic conditions may cause us to experience significant increases in freight charges and material costs. substantial increases in the prices for our materials or prices charged to us, such as those charged by battery cell suppliers, would increase our operating costs, and could reduce our margins if we cannot recoup the increased costs through increased vehicle prices. any attempts to increase vehicle prices in response to increased material costs could result in cancellations of vehicle orders and reservations and therefore materially and adversely affect our brand, image, business, prospects and operating results.
we may become subject to product liability claims, which could harm our financial condition and liquidity if we are not able to successfully defend or insure against such claims.
although we design our vehicles to be the safest vehicles on the road, product liability claims could harm our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. the automobile industry in particular experiences significant product liability claims and we face inherent risk of exposure to claims in the event our vehicles do not perform as expected. as is true for other automakers, our cars have been involved and we expect in the future will be involved in crashes resulting in death or personal injury, and such crashes where autopilot is engaged are the subject of significant public attention. we have experienced and we expect to continue to face claims related to misuse or failures of new technologies that we are pioneering, including autopilot in our vehicles. moreover, as our solar energy systems and energy storage products generate and store electricity, they have the potential to cause injury to people or property. a successful product liability claim against us could require us to pay a substantial monetary award. our risks in this area are particularly pronounced given the relatively limited number of vehicles and energy storage products delivered to date and limited field experience of our products. moreover, a product liability claim could generate substantial negative publicity about our products and business and could have material adverse effect on our brand, business, prospects and operating results. in most jurisdictions, we generally self-insure against the risk of product liability claims for vehicle exposure, meaning that any product liability claims will likely have to be paid from company funds, not by insurance.
the markets in which we operate are highly competitive, and we may not be successful in competing in these industries. we currently face competition from new and established domestic and international competitors and expect to face competition from others in the future, including competition from companies with new technology.
the worldwide automotive market, particularly for alternative fuel vehicles, is highly competitive today and we expect it will become even more so in the future. there is no assurance that our vehicles will be successful in the respective markets in which they compete. many established and new automobile manufacturers such as audi, bmw, daimler, general motors, toyota and volvo, as well as other companies, have entered or are reported to have plans to enter the alternative fuel vehicle market, including hybrid, plug-in hybrid and fully electric vehicles, as well as the market for self-driving technology and applications. in some cases, such competitors have announced an intention to produce electric vehicles exclusively at some point in the future. most of our current and potential competitors have significantly greater financial, technical, manufacturing, marketing, vehicle sales networks and other resources than we do and may be able to devote greater resources to the design, development, manufacturing, distribution, promotion, sale and support of their products. increased competition could result in lower vehicle unit sales, price reductions, revenue shortfalls, loss of customers and loss of market share, which could harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. in addition, our model 3 vehicle faces competition from existing and future automobile manufacturers in the extremely competitive entry-level premium sedan market, including audi, bmw, lexus and mercedes.
the solar and energy storage industries are highly competitive. we face competition from other manufacturers, developers and installers of solar and energy storage systems, as well as from large utilities. decreases in the retail prices of electricity from utilities or other renewable energy sources could make our products less attractive to customers and lead to an increased rate of customer defaults under our existing long-term leases and ppas. moreover, solar panel and lithium-ion battery prices have declined and are continuing to decline. as we increase our battery and solar manufacturing capabilities, including at gigafactory 1 and gigafactory 2, future price declines may harm our ability to produce energy storage systems and solar systems at competitive prices.
if we are unable to establish and maintain confidence in our long-term business prospects among consumers, analysts and within our industries, then our financial condition, operating results, business prospects and stock price may suffer materially.
consumers may be less likely to purchase our products now if they are not convinced that our business will succeed or that our service and support and other operations will continue in the long term. similarly, suppliers and other third parties will be less likely to invest time and resources in developing business relationships with us if they are not convinced that our business will succeed. accordingly, in order to build and maintain our business, we must maintain confidence among customers, suppliers, analysts and other parties in our long-term financial viability and business prospects. maintaining such confidence may be particularly complicated by certain factors, such as our limited operating history, unfamiliarity with our products, competition and uncertainty regarding the future of electric vehicles or our other products and services and our quarterly production and sales performance compared with market expectations. many of these factors are largely outside our control, and any negative perceptions about our long-term business prospects, even if exaggerated or unfounded, would likely harm our business and make it more difficult to raise additional funds if needed.
our plan to generate ongoing growth and demand, including by expanding our network of tesla stores, galleries, delivery centers, service centers and superchargers, will require significant cash investments and management resources and may not meet expectations with respect to additional sales or installations of our products or availability of superchargers.
we plan to generate ongoing growth and demand, including by globally expanding our network of tesla stores, galleries, delivery centers, service centers, mobile service offerings and superchargers. these plans will require significant cash investments and management resources and may not meet our expectations with respect to additional sales or installations of our products. this ongoing global expansion, which includes planned entry into markets in which we have limited or no experience selling, delivering, installing and/or servicing our products, and which may pose legal, regulatory, labor, cultural and political challenges that we have not previously encountered, may not have the desired effect of increasing sales and installations and expanding our brand presence to the degree we are anticipating. furthermore, the increasing number of model s and model x vehicles, as well as the significant increase in our vehicle fleet size that we expect from model 3, will require us to continue to increase the number of our supercharger stations and connectors significantly. if we fail to do so, our customers could become dissatisfied, which could adversely affect sales of our vehicles. we will also need to ensure we are in compliance with any regulatory requirements applicable to the sale, installation and service of our products, the sale of electricity generated through our solar energy systems, and operation of superchargers in those jurisdictions, which could take considerable time and expense. if we experience any delays or cannot meet customer expectations in expanding our customer infrastructure network, or our expansion plans are not successful in continuing to grow demand, this could lead to a decrease or stagnation in sales or installations of our products and could negatively impact our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
we face risks associated with our international operations and expansion, including unfavorable regulatory, political, tax and labor conditions, and with establishing ourselves in new markets, all of which could harm our business.
we currently have international operations and subsidiaries in various countries and jurisdictions that are subject to legal, political, and regulatory requirements and social and economic conditions that may be very different from those affecting us domestically. additionally, as part of our growth strategy, we will continue to expand our sales, delivery, service and supercharger locations internationally. international expansion requires us to make significant expenditures, including the establishment of local operating entities, hiring of local employees and establishing facilities in advance of generating any revenue.
we are subject to a number of risks associated with international business activities that may increase our costs, impact our ability to sell our products and require significant management attention. these risks include conforming our products to various international regulatory and safety requirements as well as charging and other electric infrastructures, difficulty in establishing, staffing and managing foreign operations, challenges in attracting customers, foreign government taxes, regulations and permit requirements, our ability to enforce our contractual rights; trade restrictions, customs regulations, tariffs and price or exchange controls, and preferences of foreign nations for domestically manufactured products.
if we fail to effectively grow and manage the residual, financing and credit risks related to our vehicle financing programs, our business may suffer.
we offer vehicle financing arrangements for model s and model x through our local subsidiaries in the u.s., canada, germany and the uk, including leasing directly through certain of those subsidiaries. the profitability of the leasing program depends on our ability to accurately project residual values, secure adequate financing and/or business partners to fund and grow this program, and screen for and manage customer credit risk. we expect the need for leasing and other financing options will continue to be important to model s and model x deliveries and for model 3 in the long term. if we are unable to adequately fund our leasing program with internal funds, or partners or other external financing sources, and compelling alternative financing programs are not available for our customers, we may be unable to grow our sales. furthermore, if our leasing business grows substantially, our business may suffer if we cannot effectively manage the greater levels of residual and credit risks resulting from growth. finally, if we do not successfully monitor and comply with applicable national, state and/or local financial regulations and consumer protection laws governing lease transactions, we may become subject to enforcement actions or penalties, either of which may harm our business.
the unavailability, reduction or elimination of, or unfavorable determinations with respect to, government and economic incentives in the u.s. and abroad supporting the development and adoption of electric vehicles or solar energy could have some impact on demand for our products and services.
we currently benefit from certain government and economic incentives supporting the development and adoption of electric vehicles. in the u.s. and abroad, such incentives include, among other things, tax credits or rebates that encourage the purchase of electric vehicles. in norway, for example, the purchase of electric vehicles is not currently subject to import taxes, taxes on non-recurring vehicle fees, the 25% value added tax or the purchase taxes that apply to the purchase of gas-powered vehicles. notably, the quantum of incentive programs promoting electric vehicles is a tiny fraction of the amount of subsidies that are provided to gas-powered vehicles through the oil and gas industries. nevertheless, even the limited benefits from such programs could be reduced, eliminated or exhausted. for example, in april 2017 and january 2016, respectively, previously available incentives in hong kong and denmark that favored the purchase of electric vehicles expired, negatively impacting sales. moreover, under current regulations, a $7,500 federal tax credit available in the u.s. for the purchase of qualified electric vehicles with at least 17 kwh of battery capacity, such as our vehicles, will begin to phase out over time with respect to any vehicles delivered in the second calendar quarter following the quarter in which we deliver our 200,000th qualifying vehicle in the u.s. we currently expect such 200,000th qualifying delivery to occur at some point during 2018. in addition, california implemented regulations phasing out a $2,500 cash rebate on qualified electric vehicles for high-income consumers, which became effective in march 2016. in certain circumstances, there is pressure from the oil and gas lobby or related special interests to bring about such developments, which could have some negative impact on demand for our vehicles.
in addition, certain governmental rebates, tax credits and other financial incentives that are currently available with respect to our solar and energy storage product businesses allow us to lower our installation costs and cost of capital and encourage customers to buy our products and investors to invest in our solar financing funds. however, these incentives may expire on a particular date, end when the allocated funding is exhausted or be reduced or terminated as renewable energy adoption rates increase, often without warning. for example, the federal government currently offers a 30% investment tax credit ("itc") for the installation of solar power facilities and energy storage systems that are charged from a co-sited solar power facility. the itc is currently scheduled to decline to 10%, and expire altogether for residential systems, by january 2022. likewise, in jurisdictions where net energy metering is currently available, our customers receive bill credits from utilities for energy that their solar energy systems generate and export to the grid in excess of the electric load they use. several jurisdictions have reduced or eliminated the benefit available under net energy metering, or have proposed to do so. such reductions in or termination of governmental incentives could adversely impact our results by making our products less competitive for potential customers, increasing our cost of capital and adversely impacting our ability to attract investment partners and to form new financing funds for our solar and energy storage assets. additionally, the enactment of the tax cuts and jobs act in the u.s. could potentially increase the cost, and decrease the availability, of renewable energy financing, by reducing the value of depreciation benefits associated with, and the overall investor tax capacity needed to monetize, renewable energy projects. such changes could lower the overall investment willingness and capacity for such projects available in the market.
moreover, we and our fund investors claim the itc in amounts based on the fair market value of our solar and energy storage systems. although we obtain independent appraisals to support the claimed fair market values, the relevant governmental authorities have audited such values and in certain cases have determined that they should be lower, and they may do so in the future. such determinations may result in adverse tax consequences and/or our obligation to make indemnification or other payments, or contribute additional assets, to our funds or fund investors.
any failure by us to realize the expected benefits of our substantial investments and commitments with respect to the manufacture of pv cells and modules, including if we are unable to comply with the terms of our agreement with the research foundation for the state university of new york relating to our gigafactory 2, could result in negative consequences for our business.
we own certain pv cell and module manufacturing and technology assets, and a build-to-suit lease arrangement with the research foundation for the state university of new york (the "suny foundation"). this agreement with the suny foundation provides for the construction of gigafactory 2 in buffalo, new york, which at full capacity we expect will be capable of producing at least 1.0 gigawatt of pv cells and modules annually, including for our solar roof. under this agreement, we are obligated to, among other things, employ specified minimum numbers of personnel in the state of new york and spend or incur $5.0 billion in combined capital, operational expenses, costs of goods sold and other costs in the state of new york during the 10-year period following the completion of all construction and related infrastructure, the arrival of manufacturing equipment, and the receipt of certain permits and other specified items at gigafactory 2. if we fail in any year over the course of the term of the agreement to meet these obligations, we would be obligated to pay a "program payment" of $41.2 million to the suny foundation in such year. any inability on our part to comply with the requirements of this agreement may result in the payment of significant amounts to the suny foundation, the termination of our lease at gigafactory 2, and/or the need to secure an alternative supply of pv cells and modules for products such as our solar roof. moreover, if we are unable to utilize our manufacturing and technology assets in accordance with our expectations, we may have to recognize accounting charges pertaining to the write-off of such assets. any of the foregoing events could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
if we are unable to attract and/or retain key employees and hire qualified personnel, our ability to compete could be harmed.
the loss of the services of any of our key employees could disrupt our operations, delay the development and introduction of our vehicles and services, and negatively impact our business, prospects and operating results. in particular, we are highly dependent on the services of elon musk, our chief executive officer, and jeffrey b. straubel, our chief technical officer.
none of our key employees is bound by an employment agreement for any specific term and we may not be able to successfully attract and retain senior leadership necessary to grow our business. our future success depends upon our ability to attract and retain executive officers and other key technology, sales, marketing, engineering, manufacturing and support personnel and any failure to do so could adversely impact our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
key talent may leave tesla due to various factors, such as a very competitive labor market for talented individuals with automotive or technology experience. in california, nevada and other regions where we have operations, there is increasing competition for individuals with skillsets needed for our business, including specialized knowledge of electric vehicles, software engineering, manufacturing engineering, and other skills such as electrical and building construction expertise. this competition affects both our ability to retain key employees and hire new ones. our continued success depends upon our continued ability to hire new employees in a timely manner, especially to support our expansion plans and ramp to high-volume manufacture of vehicles, and retain current employees. additionally, we compete with both mature and prosperous companies that have far greater financial resources than we do and start-ups and emerging companies that promise short-term growth opportunities. difficulties in retaining current employees or recruiting new ones could have an adverse effect on our performance.
we are highly dependent on the services of elon musk, our chief executive officer, chairman of our board of directors and largest stockholder. although mr. musk spends significant time with tesla and is highly active in our management, he does not devote his full time and attention to tesla. mr. musk also currently serves as chief executive officer and chief technical officer of space exploration technologies, a developer and manufacturer of space launch vehicles, and is involved in other emerging technology ventures.
on february 8, 2018, we filed a proxy statement with the u.s. securities and exchange commission pursuant to which we are seeking stockholder approval of the grant in january 2018 of a 10-year performance-based stock option award for mr. musk, which will be forfeited if not so approved (the "ceo performance award"). mr. musk currently has no other compensation at tesla, other than a prior performance-based stock option award granted to mr. musk in 2012, which has vested as to 9 out of 10 tranches, and a state-mandated minimum wage salary that he has never accepted. there is no assurance that the ceo performance award will receive stockholder approval.
we are subject to various environmental and safety laws and regulations that could impose substantial costs upon us and negatively impact our ability to operate our manufacturing facilities.
as a manufacturing company, including with respect to facilities such as the tesla factory, gigafactory 1 and gigafactory 2, we are subject to complex environmental, health and safety laws and regulations at numerous jurisdictional levels in the u.s. and abroad, including laws relating to the use, handling, storage, disposal and human exposure to hazardous materials. the costs of compliance, including remediating contamination if any is found on our properties and any changes to our operations mandated by new or amended laws, may be significant. we may also face unexpected delays in obtaining permits and approvals required by such laws in connection with our manufacturing facilities, which would hinder our operation of these facilities. such costs and delays may adversely impact our business prospects and operating results. furthermore, any violations of these laws may result in substantial fines and penalties, remediation costs, third party damages, or a suspension or cessation of our operations.
our business may be adversely affected by any disruptions caused by union activities.
it is common for employees at companies with significant manufacturing operations such as us to belong to a union, which can result in higher employee costs and increased risk of work stoppages. moreover, regulations in some jurisdictions outside of the u.s. mandate employee participation in industrial collective bargaining agreements and work councils with certain consultation rights with respect to the relevant companies' operations. although we work diligently to provide the best possible work environment for our employees, they may still decide to join or seek recognition to form a labor union, or we may be required to become a union signatory. the united automobile workers has publicly announced a desire to organize the tesla factory, and has been engaged in a campaign against the company. furthermore, we are directly or indirectly dependent upon companies with unionized work forces, such as parts suppliers and trucking and freight companies, and work stoppages or strikes organized by such unions could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition or operating results. if a work stoppage occurs, it could delay the manufacture and sale of our products and have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, operating results or financial condition.
our products and services are subject to substantial regulations, which are evolving, and unfavorable changes or failure by us to comply with these regulations could substantially harm our business and operating results.
motor vehicles are subject to substantial regulation under international, federal, state, and local laws. we incur significant costs in complying with these regulations and may be required to incur additional costs to comply with any changes to such regulations, and any failures to comply could result in significant expenses, delays or fines. we are subject to laws and regulations applicable to the manufacture, import, sale and service of automobiles internationally. for example, in countries outside of the u.s., we are required to meet standards relating to vehicle safety, fuel economy and emissions, among other things, that are often materially different from requirements in the u.s., thus resulting in additional investment into the vehicles and systems to ensure regulatory compliance in those countries. this process may include official review and certification of our vehicles by foreign regulatory agencies prior to market entry, as well as compliance with foreign reporting and recall management systems requirements.
additionally, our vehicles are equipped with a suite of driver-assistance features called autopilot, which help assist drivers with certain tedious and potentially dangerous aspects of road travel, but require drivers to remain engaged. there is a variety of international, federal, and state regulations that may apply to self-driving vehicles, which include many existing vehicle standards that were not originally intended to apply to vehicles that may not have a driver. such regulations continue to rapidly change, which increases the likelihood of a patchwork of complex or conflicting regulations, or may delay products or restrict self-driving features and availability, any of which could adversely affect our business.
moreover, as a manufacturer and installer of solar generation and energy storage systems and a supplier of electricity generated and stored by the solar energy and energy storage systems we install for customers, we are impacted by federal, state and local regulations and policies concerning electricity pricing, the interconnection of electricity generation and storage equipment with the electric grid, and the sale of electricity generated by third-party owned systems. for example, existing or proposed regulations and policies would permit utilities to limit the amount of electricity generated by our customers with their solar energy systems, charge fees and penalties to our customers relating to the purchase of energy other than from the grid, adjust electricity rate designs such that the price of our solar products may not be competitive with that of electricity from the grid, restrict us and our customers from transacting under our ppas or qualifying for government incentives and benefits that apply to solar power, and limit or eliminate net energy metering. if such regulations and policies remain in effect or are adopted in other jurisdictions, or if other regulations and policies that adversely impact the interconnection of our solar and energy storage systems to the grid are introduced, modified or eliminated, they could deter potential customers from purchasing our solar and energy storage products, threaten the economics of our existing contracts and cause us to cease solar and energy storage system sales and operations in the relevant jurisdictions, which could harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.
we are subject to various privacy and consumer protection laws.
our privacy policy is posted on our website, and any failure by us or our vendor or other business partners to comply with it or with federal, state or international privacy, data protection or security laws or regulations could result in regulatory or litigation-related actions against us, legal liability, fines, damages and other costs. we may also incur substantial expenses and costs in connection with maintaining compliance with such laws. for example, commencing in may 2018, the general data protection regulation (the "gdpr") will fully apply to the processing of personal information collected from individuals located in the european union. the gdpr will create new compliance obligations and will significantly increase fines for noncompliance. although we take steps to protect the security of our customers' personal information, we may be required to expend significant resources to comply with data breach requirements if third parties improperly obtain and use the personal information of our customers or we otherwise experience a data loss with respect to customers' personal information. a major breach of our network security and systems could have negative consequences for our business and future prospects, including possible fines, penalties and damages, reduced customer demand for our vehicles, and harm to our reputation and brand.
we may be compelled to undertake product recalls or take other actions, which could adversely affect our brand image and financial performance.
any product recall, including for solar or charging equipment, in the future may result in adverse publicity, damage our brand and adversely affect our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. for example, certain limited vehicle recalls that we initiated in the past two years have resulted from a component that could prevent the parking brake from releasing once engaged, a concern with the firmware in the restraints control module in certain right-hand-drive vehicles, industry-wide issues with airbags from a particular supplier, a front seat belt issue in a single field vehicle, and model x seat components that could cause unintended seat movement during a collision. furthermore, testing of our vehicles by government regulators or industry groups may require us to initiate vehicle recalls or may result in negative public perceptions about the safety of our vehicles. in the future, we may at various times, voluntarily or involuntarily, initiate a recall if any of our products or our electric vehicle powertrain components that we have provided to other vehicle oems, including any systems or parts sourced from our suppliers, prove to be defective or noncompliant with applicable laws and regulations, such as federal motor vehicle safety standards. such recalls, whether voluntary or involuntary or caused by systems or components engineered or manufactured by us or our suppliers, could involve significant expense and could adversely affect our brand image in our target markets, as well as our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.
our resale value guarantee and leasing programs for our vehicles expose us to the risk that the resale values of vehicles returned to us are lower than our estimates and may result in lower revenues, gross margin, profitability and liquidity.
we have provided resale value guarantees to many of our customers, under which such customers may sell their vehicles back to us at certain points in time at pre-determined resale values. if the resale values of any vehicles resold or returned to us pursuant to these programs are materially lower than our estimates, our profitability and/or liquidity could be negatively impacted.
we have applied lease accounting on leases made directly by us and, prior to 2018, on all leases made by our leasing partners and sales by us of vehicles with a resale value guarantee. under lease accounting, we recognize the associated revenues and costs of the vehicle sale over time rather than fully upfront at vehicle delivery. as a result, these programs generate lower revenues in the period the car is delivered and higher gross margins during the period of the resale value guarantee as compared to purchases in which the resale value guarantee does not apply. a higher than anticipated prevalence of these programs could therefore have an adverse impact on our near term revenues and operating results. moreover, unlike the sale of a vehicle with a resale value guarantee or programs with leasing partners which do not impact our cash flows and liquidity at the time of vehicle delivery, under a lease held directly by us, we may receive only a very small portion of the total vehicle purchase price at the time of lease, followed by a stream of payments over the term of the lease. to the extent we expand our leasing program without securing external financing or business partners to support such expansion, our cash flow and liquidity could also be negatively impacted.
our current and future warranty reserves may be insufficient to cover future warranty claims which could adversely affect our financial performance.
subject to separate limited warranties for the supplemental restraint system, battery and drive unit, we provide four year or 50,000 mile limited warranties for the purchasers of new model 3, model s and model x vehicles and either a four year or 50,000 mile limited warranty or a two year or 100,000 mile limited warranty for the purchasers of used model s or model x vehicles certified and sold by us. the limited warranty for the battery and drive unit for new model s and model x vehicles covers the drive unit for eight years, as well as the battery for a period of eight years (or for certain older vehicles, 125,000 miles if reached sooner than eight years), although the battery's charging capacity is not covered under any of our warranties or extended service plans; the limited warranty for used model s and model x vehicles does not extend or otherwise alter the terms of the original battery and drive unit limited warranty for such used vehicles specified in their original new vehicle limited warranty. for the battery and drive unit on our current new model 3 vehicles, we offer an eight year or 100,000 mile limited warranty for our standard range battery and an eight year or 120,000 mile limited warranty for our long range battery, with minimum 70% retention of battery capacity over the warranty period. in addition, customers of new model s and model x vehicles have the opportunity to purchase an extended service plan for the period after the end of the limited warranty for their new vehicles to cover additional services for up to an additional four years or 50,000 miles, provided it is purchased within a specified period of time.
for energy storage products, we provide limited warranties against defects and to guarantee minimum energy retention levels. for example, we guarantee that each powerwall 2 product will maintain at least 70-80% of its stated energy capacity after 10 years, and that each powerpack 2 product will retain specified minimum energy capacities in each of its first 10 to 15 years of use. for our solar roof, we offer a warranty on the glass tiles for the lifetime of a customer's home and a separate warranty for the energy generation capability of the solar tiles. we also offer extended warranties, availability guarantees and capacity guarantees for periods of up to 20 years at an additional cost at the time of purchase, as well as workmanship warranties to customers who elect to have us install their systems.
finally, customers who buy energy from us under solar energy system leases or ppas are covered by warranties equal to the length of the agreement term, which is typically 20 years. systems purchased for cash are covered by a warranty of up to 10 years, with extended warranties available at additional cost. in addition, we pass through to our customers the inverter and panel manufacturers' warranties, which generally range from 5 to 25 years, subjecting us to the risk that the manufacturers may later cease operations or fail to honor their underlying warranties. finally, we provide a performance guarantee with our leased solar energy systems that compensates a customer on an annual basis if their system does not meet the electricity production guarantees set forth in their lease.
if our warranty reserves are inadequate to cover future warranty claims on our products, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results could be materially and adversely affected. warranty reserves include management's best estimate of the projected costs to repair or to replace items under warranty. these estimates are based on actual claims incurred to-date and an estimate of the nature, frequency and costs of future claims. such estimates are inherently uncertain and changes to our historical or projected experience, especially with respect to products such as model 3 and solar roof that are new and/or that we expect to produce at significantly greater volumes than our past products, may cause material changes to our warranty reserves in the future.
we are continuously expanding and improving our information technology systems and use security measures designed to protect our systems against breaches and cyber-attacks. if these efforts are not successful, our business and operations could be disrupted and our operating results and reputation could be harmed.
we are continuously expanding and improving our information technology systems, including implementing new internally developed systems, to assist us in the management of our business. in particular, our volume production of multiple vehicles necessitates continued development, maintenance and improvement of our information technology systems in the u.s. and abroad, which include product data management, procurement, inventory management, production planning and execution, sales, service and logistics, dealer management, financial, tax and regulatory compliance systems. the implementation, maintenance and improvement of these systems require significant management time, support and cost. moreover, there are inherent risks associated with developing, improving and expanding our core systems as well as implementing new systems, including the disruption of our data management, procurement, manufacturing execution, finance, supply chain and sales and service processes. these risks may affect our ability to manage our data and inventory, procure parts or supplies or manufacture, sell, deliver and service vehicles, or achieve and maintain compliance with, or realize available benefits under, tax laws and other applicable regulations. we also maintain information technology measures designed to protect us against system security risks, data breaches and cyber-attacks.
we cannot be sure that these systems or their required functionality will be effectively implemented, maintained or expanded as planned. if we do not successfully implement, maintain or expand these systems as planned, our operations may be disrupted, our ability to accurately and/or timely report our financial results could be impaired, and deficiencies may arise in our internal control over financial reporting, which may impact our ability to certify our financial results. moreover, our proprietary information could be compromised and our reputation may be adversely affected. if these systems or their functionality do not operate as we expect them to, we may be required to expend significant resources to make corrections or find alternative sources for performing these functions.
our insurance strategy may not be adequate to protect us from all business risks.
we may be subject, in the ordinary course of business, to losses resulting from products liability, accidents, acts of god and other claims against us, for which we may have no insurance coverage. as a general matter, we do not maintain as much insurance coverage as many other companies do, and in some cases, we do not maintain any at all. additionally, the policies that we do have may include significant deductibles or self-insured retentions, and we cannot be certain that our insurance coverage will be sufficient to cover all future losses or claims against us. a loss that is uninsured or which exceeds policy limits may require us to pay substantial amounts, which could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.
our financial results may vary significantly from period-to-period due to fluctuations in our operating costs.
we expect our period-to-period financial results to vary based on our operating costs which we anticipate will increase significantly in future periods as we, among other things, ramp up the production of model 3, expand gigafactory 1, open new tesla stores and service centers with maintenance and repair capabilities, open new supercharger locations, ramp production at gigafactory 2, increase our sales and marketing activities, and increase our general and administrative functions to support our growing operations. moreover, we expect to continue to design, develop and manufacture new and future products, and increase our production capacity by expanding our current manufacturing facilities and adding future facilities. as a result of these factors, we believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our financial results, especially in the short-term, are not necessarily meaningful and that these comparisons cannot be relied upon as indicators of future performance. moreover, our financial results may not meet expectations of equity research analysts or investors. if any of this occurs, the trading price of our stock could fall substantially, either suddenly or over time.
any unauthorized control or manipulation of our vehicles' systems could result in loss of confidence in us and our vehicles and harm our business.
our vehicles contain complex information technology systems. for example, our vehicles are designed with built-in data connectivity to accept and install periodic remote updates from us to improve or update the functionality of our vehicles. we have designed, implemented and tested security measures intended to prevent unauthorized access to our information technology networks, our vehicles and their systems. however, hackers have reportedly attempted, and may attempt in the future, to gain unauthorized access to modify, alter and use such networks, vehicles and systems to gain control of, or to change, our vehicles' functionality, user interface and performance characteristics, or to gain access to data stored in or generated by the vehicle. we encourage reporting of potential vulnerabilities in the security of our vehicles via our security vulnerability reporting policy, and we aim to remedy any reported and verified vulnerabilities. accordingly, we have received reports of potential vulnerabilities in the past and have attempted to remedy them. however, there can be no assurance that vulnerabilities will not be identified in the future, or that our remediation efforts are or will be successful.
any unauthorized access to or control of our vehicles or their systems or any loss of data could result in legal claims or proceedings. in addition, regardless of their veracity, reports of unauthorized access to our vehicles, their systems or data, as well as other factors that may result in the perception that our vehicles, their systems or data are capable of being "hacked," could negatively affect our brand and harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. we have been the subject of such reports in the past.
servicing our indebtedness requires a significant amount of cash, and there is no guarantee that we will have sufficient cash flow from our business to pay our substantial indebtedness.
as of december 31, 2017, we and our subsidiaries had outstanding $10.17 billion in aggregate principal amount of indebtedness (see note 13, convertible and long-term debt obligations, to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k). our substantial consolidated indebtedness may increase our vulnerability to any generally adverse economic and industry conditions. we and our subsidiaries may, subject to the limitations in the terms of our existing and future indebtedness, incur additional debt, secure existing or future debt or recapitalize our debt.
pursuant to their terms, holders of our 1.50% convertible senior notes due 2018, 0.25% convertible senior notes due 2019, 1.25% convertible senior notes due 2021 and 2.375% convertible senior notes due 2022 (collectively, the "tesla convertible notes") may convert their respective tesla convertible notes at their option prior to the scheduled maturities of the respective tesla convertible notes under certain circumstances. upon conversion of the applicable tesla convertible notes, we will be obligated to deliver cash and/or shares in respect of the principal amounts thereof and the conversion value in excess of such principal amounts on such tesla convertible notes. for example, in june 2017, september 2017 and november 2017, pursuant to separate privately negotiated agreements, we exchanged $144.8 million, $10.0 million and $12.0 million, respectively, in aggregate principal amount of the 1.50% convertible senior notes due 2018 for 1.2 million shares, 0.1 million shares and 0.1 million shares, respectively, of our common stock. moreover, our subsidiary's 2.75% convertible senior notes due 2018, 1.625% convertible senior notes due 2019 and zero-coupon convertible senior notes due 2020 (collectively, the "subsidiary convertible notes") are convertible into shares of our common stock at conversion prices ranging from $300.00 to $759.36 per share. finally, holders of the tesla convertible notes and the subsidiary convertible notes will have the right to require us to repurchase their notes upon the occurrence of a fundamental change at a purchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the fundamental change purchase date.
our ability to make scheduled payments of the principal and interest on our indebtedness when due or to make payments upon conversion or repurchase demands with respect to our convertible notes, or to refinance our indebtedness as we may need or desire, depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. our business may not continue to generate cash flow from operations in the future sufficient to satisfy our obligations under our existing indebtedness, and any future indebtedness we may incur, and to make necessary capital expenditures. if we are unable to generate such cash flow, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as reducing or delaying investments or capital expenditures, selling assets, refinancing or obtaining additional equity capital on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. our ability to refinance existing or future indebtedness will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. in addition, our ability to make payments may be limited by law, by regulatory authority or by agreements governing our future indebtedness. we may not be able to engage in any of these activities or engage in these activities on desirable terms or at all, which could result in a default on our existing or future indebtedness and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
our debt agreements contain covenant restrictions that may limit our ability to operate our business.
the terms of certain of our credit facilities, including our senior secured asset based revolving credit agreement, contain, and any of our other future debt agreements may contain, covenant restrictions that limit our ability to operate our business, including restrictions on our ability to, among other things, incur additional debt or issue guarantees, create liens, repurchase stock or make other restricted payments, and make certain voluntary prepayments of specified debt. in addition, under certain circumstances we are required to comply with a fixed charge coverage ratio. as a result of these covenants, our ability to respond to changes in business and economic conditions and engage in beneficial transactions, including to obtain additional financing as needed, may be restricted. furthermore, our failure to comply with our debt covenants could result in a default under our debt agreements, which could permit the holders to accelerate our obligation to repay the debt. if any of our debt is accelerated, we may not have sufficient funds available to repay it.
we may need or want to raise additional funds and these funds may not be available to us when we need them. if we cannot raise additional funds when we need or want them, our operations and prospects could be negatively affected.
the design, manufacture, sale, installation and/or servicing of automobiles, energy storage products and solar products is a capital intensive business. until we are consistently generating positive free cash flows, we may need or want to raise additional funds through the issuance of equity, equity-related or debt securities or through obtaining credit from financial institutions to fund, together with our principal sources of liquidity, the costs of developing and manufacturing our current or future vehicles, energy storage products and/or solar products, to pay any significant unplanned or accelerated expenses or for new significant strategic investments, or to refinance our significant consolidated indebtedness, even if not required to do so by the terms of such indebtedness. we need sufficient capital to fund our ongoing operations, ramp vehicle production, continue research and development projects, establish sales, delivery and service centers, build and deploy superchargers, expand gigafactory 1, ramp production at gigafactory 2 and to make the investments in tooling and manufacturing capital required to introduce new vehicles, energy storage products and solar products. we cannot be certain that additional funds will be available to us on favorable terms when required, or at all. if we cannot raise additional funds when we need them, our financial condition, results of operations, business and prospects could be materially and adversely affected.
additionally, we use capital from third-party investors to enable our customers' access to our solar energy systems with little or no upfront cost. the availability of this financing depends upon many factors, including the confidence of the investors in the solar energy industry, the quality and mix of our customer contracts, any regulatory changes impacting the economics of our existing customer contracts, changes in law (including tax law), risks or government incentives associated with these financings, and our ability to compete with other renewable energy companies for the limited number of potential investors. moreover, interest rates are at historically low levels. if the rate of return required by investors rises as a result of a rise in interest rates, it will reduce the present value of the customer payment streams underlying, and therefore the total value of, our financing structures, increasing our cost of capital. if we are unable to establish new financing funds on favorable terms for third-party ownership arrangements, we may be unable to finance installation of our solar energy system lease or ppa customers' systems, or our cost of capital could increase and our liquidity may be negatively impacted, which would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
if we update our manufacturing equipment more quickly than expected, we may have to shorten the useful lives of any equipment to be retired as a result of any such update, and the resulting acceleration in our depreciation could negatively affect our financial results.
we have invested and expect to continue to invest significantly in what we believe is state of the art tooling, machinery and other manufacturing equipment for our various product lines, and we depreciate the cost of such equipment over their expected useful lives. however, manufacturing technology may evolve rapidly, and we may decide to update our manufacturing process with cutting-edge equipment more quickly than expected. moreover, as our engineering and manufacturing expertise and efficiency increase, we may be able to manufacture our products using less of our installed equipment. the useful life of any equipment that would be retired early as a result would be shortened, causing the depreciation on such equipment to be accelerated, and our results of operations could be negatively impacted.
we are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could negatively affect our financial results.
our revenues and costs denominated in foreign currencies are not completely matched. as we have increased vehicle deliveries in markets outside of the u.s., we have much higher revenues than costs denominated in other currencies such as the euro, chinese yuan, norwegian krone, pound sterling and canadian dollar. any strengthening of the u.s. dollar would tend to reduce our revenues as measured in u.s. dollars, as we have historically experienced. in addition, a portion of our costs and expenses have been, and we anticipate will continue to be, denominated in foreign currencies, including the japanese yen. if we do not have fully offsetting revenues in these currencies and if the value of the u.s. dollar depreciates significantly against these currencies, our costs as measured in u.s. dollars as a percent of our revenues will correspondingly increase and our margins will suffer. moreover, while we undertake limited hedging activities intended to offset the impact of currency translation exposure, it is impossible to predict or eliminate such impact. as a result, our operating results could be adversely affected.
we may face regulatory limitations on our ability to sell vehicles directly which could materially and adversely affect our ability to sell our electric vehicles.
we sell our vehicles directly to consumers. we may not be able to sell our vehicles through this sales model in each state in the u.s. as some states have laws that may be interpreted to impose limitations on this direct-to-consumer sales model. in certain states in which we are not able to obtain dealer licenses, we have opened galleries, which are not full retail locations.
the application of these state laws to our operations continues to be difficult to predict. laws in some states have limited our ability to obtain dealer licenses from state motor vehicle regulators and may continue to do so.
in addition, decisions by regulators permitting us to sell vehicles may be challenged by dealer associations and others as to whether such decisions comply with applicable state motor vehicle industry laws. we have prevailed in many of these lawsuits and such results have reinforced our continuing belief that state laws were not designed to prevent our distribution model. in some states, there have also been regulatory and legislative efforts by dealer associations to propose laws that, if enacted, would prevent us from obtaining dealer licenses in their states given our current sales model. a few states have passed legislation that clarifies our ability to operate, but at the same time limits the number of dealer licenses we can obtain or stores that we can operate. we have also filed a lawsuit in federal court in michigan challenging the constitutionality of the state's prohibition on direct sales as applied to our business.
internationally, there may be laws in jurisdictions we have not yet entered or laws we are unaware of in jurisdictions we have entered that may restrict our sales or other business practices. even for those jurisdictions we have analyzed, the laws in this area can be complex, difficult to interpret and may change over time. continued regulatory limitations and other obstacles interfering with our ability to sell vehicles directly to consumers could have a negative and material impact our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.
we may need to defend ourselves against intellectual property infringement claims, which may be time-consuming and could cause us to incur substantial costs.
others, including our competitors, may hold or obtain patents, copyrights, trademarks or other proprietary rights that could prevent, limit or interfere with our ability to make, use, develop, sell or market our products and services, which could make it more difficult for us to operate our business. from time to time, the holders of such intellectual property rights may assert their rights and urge us to take licenses, and/or may bring suits alleging infringement or misappropriation of such rights. we may consider the entering into licensing agreements with respect to such rights, although no assurance can be given that such licenses can be obtained on acceptable terms or that litigation will not occur, and such licenses could significantly increase our operating expenses. in addition, if we are determined to have infringed upon a third party's intellectual property rights, we may be required to cease making, selling or incorporating certain components or intellectual property into the goods and services we offer, to pay substantial damages and/or license royalties, to redesign our products and services, and/or to establish and maintain alternative branding for our products and services. in the event that we were required to take one or more such actions, our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. in addition, any litigation or claims, whether or not valid, could result in substantial costs, negative publicity and diversion of resources and management attention.
our facilities or operations could be damaged or adversely affected as a result of disasters.
our corporate headquarters, the tesla factory and gigafactory 1 are located in seismically active regions in northern california and nevada. if major disasters such as earthquakes or other events occur, or our information system or communications network breaks down or operates improperly, our headquarters and production facilities may be seriously damaged, or we may have to stop or delay production and shipment of our products. we may incur expenses relating to such damages, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition.
the trading price of our common stock has been highly volatile and could continue to be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. our common stock has experienced an intra-day trading high of $389.61 per share and a low of $242.01 per share over the last 52 weeks. the stock market in general, and the market for technology companies in particular, has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. broad market and industry factors may seriously affect the market price of companies' stock, including ours, regardless of actual operating performance. in addition, in the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market price of a particular company's securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against these companies. moreover, stockholder litigation like this has been filed against us in the past. while we are continuing to defend such actions vigorously, any judgment against us or any future stockholder litigation could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management's attention and resources.
we may fail to meet our publicly announced guidance or other expectations about our business, which could cause our stock price to decline.
we provide guidance regarding our expected financial and business performance, such as projections regarding sales and production, as well as anticipated future revenues, gross margins, profitability and cash flows. correctly identifying key factors affecting business conditions and predicting future events is inherently an uncertain process and our guidance may not ultimately be accurate. our guidance is based on certain assumptions such as those relating to anticipated production and sales volumes and average sales prices, supplier and commodity costs, and planned cost reductions. if our guidance is not accurate or varies from actual results due to our inability to meet our assumptions or the impact on our financial performance that could occur as a result of various risks and uncertainties, the market value of our common stock could decline significantly.
transactions relating to our convertible notes may dilute the ownership interest of existing stockholders, or may otherwise depress the price of our common stock.
the conversion of some or all of the tesla convertible notes or the subsidiary convertible notes would dilute the ownership interests of existing stockholders to the extent we deliver shares upon conversion of any of such notes. our 1.50% convertible senior notes due 2018 and the subsidiary convertible notes have been historically, and the other tesla convertible notes may become in the future, convertible at the option of their holders prior to their scheduled terms under certain circumstances. if holders elect to convert their convertible notes, we could be required to deliver to them a significant number of shares of our common stock. any sales in the public market of the common stock issuable upon such conversion could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock. in addition, the existence of the convertible notes may encourage short selling by market participants because the conversion of such notes could be used to satisfy short positions, or anticipated conversion of such notes into shares of our common stock could depress the price of our common stock.
moreover, in connection with each issuance of the tesla convertible notes, we entered into convertible note hedge transactions, which are expected to reduce the potential dilution and/or offset potential cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount upon conversion of the applicable tesla convertible notes. we also entered into warrant transactions with the hedge counterparties, which could separately have a dilutive effect on our common stock to the extent that the market price per share of our common stock exceeds the applicable strike price of the warrants on the applicable expiration dates. in addition, the hedge counterparties or their affiliates may enter into various transactions with respect to their hedge positions, which could also cause or prevent an increase or a decrease in the market price of our common stock or the convertible notes.
elon musk has pledged shares of our common stock to secure certain bank borrowings. if mr. musk were forced to sell these shares pursuant to a margin call that he could not avoid or satisfy, such sales could cause our stock price to decline.
certain banking institutions have made extensions of credit to elon musk, our chief executive officer, a portion of which was used to purchase shares of common stock in certain of our public offerings and private placements at the same prices offered to third party participants in such offerings and placements. we are not a party to these loans, which are partially secured by pledges of a portion of the tesla common stock currently owned by mr. musk. if the price of our common stock were to decline substantially and mr. musk were unable to avoid or satisfy a margin call with respect to his pledged shares, mr. musk may be forced by one or more of the banking institutions to sell shares of tesla common stock in order to remain within the margin limitations imposed under the terms of his loans. any such sales could cause the price of our common stock to decline further.
anti-takeover provisions contained in our governing documents, applicable laws and our convertible notes could impair a takeover attempt.
our certificate of incorporation and bylaws afford certain rights and powers to our board of directors that could contribute to the delay or prevention of an acquisition that it deems undesirable. we are also subject to section 203 of the delaware general corporation law and other provisions of delaware law that limit the ability of stockholders in certain situations to effect certain business combinations. in addition, the terms of our convertible notes require us to repurchase such notes in the event of a fundamental change, including a takeover of our company. any of the foregoing provisions and terms that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our common stock, and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our common stock.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
overview and 2017 highlights our mission is to accelerate the world's transition to sustainable energy. we design, develop, manufacture, lease and sell high-performance fully electric vehicles, solar energy generation systems and energy storage products. we also offer maintenance, installation, operation and other services related to our products.
automotive our production vehicle fleet includes our model s premium sedan and our model x sport utility vehicle, which are our highest-performance vehicles, and our model 3, a lower priced sedan designed for the mass market which we began to produce and deliver in the second half of 2017. we continue to enhance our vehicle offerings with enhanced autopilot options, internet connectivity and free over-the-air software updates to provide additional safety, convenience and performance features. in addition, we have several future electric vehicles in our product pipeline, including those we unveiled in 2017 - an electric semi-truck and a new version of the tesla roadster.
in 2017, our vehicle production capability continued to scale and gain operational efficiencies, and vehicle production volume increased by 20% year-over-year. additionally, we delivered 101,420 model s and model x vehicles and 1,764 model 3 vehicles in 2017.
energy generation and storage we lease and sell solar energy systems and sell renewable energy and energy storage products to our customers. we have partnered with panasonic to provide capital and operational support to manufacture pv cells, thus enabling high volume integrated tile and pv cell production at our gigafactory 2 in buffalo, new york. we also recently commenced solar roof production at gigafactory 2. our energy storage products, which we manufacture at gigafactory 1, consist of powerwall mostly for residential applications and powerpack for commercial, industrial and utility-scale applications.
in late 2017, we completed installation of the largest battery in the world in south australia. this battery delivers electricity during peak hours to help maintain the reliable operation of south australia's electrical infrastructure.
management opportunities, challenges and risks and 2018 outlook automotive demand, production and deliveries we drive demand for our vehicles by continually improving our vehicles through over-the-air software updates, expanding our retail, service and charging infrastructure, and by periodically developing and introducing new passenger and commercial electric vehicle variants and models. our goal is to become the best manufacturer in the automotive industry, and having cutting edge robotic expertise in-house is at the core of that goal. our recent acquisitions of advanced automation companies have added to our talent base and are helping us increase vehicle production rates more effectively.
the worldwide automotive market for alternative fuel vehicles and self-driving technology are highly competitive and we expect them to become even more so. many companies including established automakers have announced plans to expand, and in some cases fully transition to, production of electric or environmentally friendly vehicles, and to also develop self-driving technologies. we welcome the acceleration of the world's transition to sustainable transport. nonetheless, we believe that the unique features of our vehicles, our constant innovation, our growing brand, the increased affordability introduced with model 3, our global supercharger network and our future vehicles, will continue to generate incremental demand for our vehicles by making our vehicles accessible to larger and previously untapped consumer and commercial markets.
we expect model s and model x deliveries to be approximately 100,000 in total in 2018, constrained by the supply of cells with the 18650 form factor used in those vehicles. as our sales network continues to expand to new markets in 2018, we believe vehicle orders should continue to grow. with demand outpacing production, we plan to optimize the trim and option mix in order to optimize revenue and gross margin. we have made significant and sustained progress in the production processes of model s and model x, and we will continue to improve manufacturing efficiencies for these vehicles in 2018.
we expect model 3 production and deliveries to grow significantly in 2018. the initial phase of manufacturing any new vehicle is always challenging, and the model 3 production ramp has been no exception, particularly given our focus on highly automated manufacturing processes, that we expect will ultimately result in higher volumes at significantly lower costs. model 3 volume production has been less than we initially anticipated due to production bottlenecks, with the battery module assembly line at gigafactory 1 being the primary production constraint to date, although future bottlenecks in other areas of vehicle manufacturing may surface. we have redirected our best engineering talent to gigafactory 1 to fine-tune the automated processes and related robotic programming not only to address the challenges we have experienced but also to continue evaluating our overall manufacturing process for efficiencies.
based on our current progress, we are targeting a production rate of 2,500 model 3 vehicles per week by the end of the first quarter of 2018 and 5,000 model 3 vehicles per week by the end of the second quarter. it is important to note that while these are the levels we are focused on hitting and we have plans in place to achieve them, our prior experience on the model 3 ramp has demonstrated the difficulty of accurately forecasting specific production rates at specific points in time. we are systematically addressing bottlenecks and adding capacity and resources in places like the battery module line where we have experienced constraints, and these actions should result in our model 3 production rate significantly increasing during the first half of 2018. in some cases, we may not achieve the manufacturing labor efficiencies until we ramp up to fully automated manufacturing lines, which may take us longer than anticipated.  in order to optimize the incremental improvement of our automation processes and the efficiency of our capital expenditures, we will implement the capacity to further ramp production to 10,000 units per week only after we have achieved a 5,000 units per week run rate.
we are also making strides in other aspects of our vehicle production, deliveries and customer infrastructure. for example, we expect to continue to lower the cost of manufacturing our vehicles due to economies of scale, material cost reductions and more efficient manufacturing and equipment utilization. we have achieved cost improvements through material cost reductions from both engineering and commercial actions and increased manufacturing efficiencies including better inventory control for model s and model x. we have also seen improved product reliability in our vehicles, batteries and drive units. likewise, we may experience infrastructure constraints and customer experience issues relating to vehicle deliveries, but are trying to address such issues by opening additional delivery and service centers to scale the volume of vehicles we are able to deliver. generally, as sales of tesla vehicles ramp in 2018, we plan to continue to open new tesla retail, locations, service centers and delivery hubs around the world, we plan continue to expand our mobile repair services, and we plan to significantly increase the number of superchargers and destination charging connectors globally with the goal of remaining ahead of the model 3 ramp.
we are also making progress with our self-driving technology. an overhaul of the underlying architecture of our software has been completed, which has enabled a step-change improvement in the collection and analysis of data and fundamentally enhanced its machine learning capabilities. the aggregate of such data and learnings, which we refer to as our "neural net," is able to collect and analyze more high-quality data than ever before, enabling us to rollout a series of new autopilot features in 2018 and beyond.
energy generation and storage demand, production and deployment we are continuing to reduce customer acquisition costs of our energy generation products, including by cutting advertising spend and increasingly selling these products in tesla stores with dedicated energy product sales personnel and leveraging channel partnerships. moreover, we have deemphasized absolute volume growth for our solar products, and we have instead prioritized projects for cash generation and profitability. solar roof installations will initially ramp slowly in the first half of 2018. as solar roof is truly the first-of-its-kind and there is significant complexity in both its manufacturing and installation, we are deliberately ramping production at a gradual pace to ensure reliability and a great customer experience. with demand outpacing production, we expect our backlog to remain in excess of one year for the next several quarters.
we expect energy storage products to experience significant growth, with our aim being to at least triple our sales in 2018. we are ramping up production for these products at our gigafactory 1 over the next several quarters, but demand is greater than our current production capacity for energy storage.
we expect energy generation and storage gross margin to improve significantly in 2018 as we enter the year with a backlog of higher-margin commercial solar projects and a more profitable energy storage business due to overall cost and manufacturing efficiencies from scaling.
trends in cash flow, capital expenditures and operating expenses capital expenditures in 2018 are projected to be slightly more than 2017, with the majority of the spending to support increases in model 3 production capacity at gigafactory 1 and the tesla factory, and for building additional stores, service centers and superchargers.
we expect operating expenses to grow in 2018 as compared to 2017, although operating expenses should decrease significantly as a percentage of revenue due to the significant increase in expected revenue in 2018 and as we focus on increasing operational efficiency. the growth in operating expense will mainly be driven by engineering, design and testing of new products or changes to existing products and higher sales and service costs associated with expanding our worldwide geographic presence. in addition, we expect operating expenses to increase as a result of increased selling, general and administrative expenses incurred by our energy generation and storage business.
we are seeking stockholder approval for a new 10-year ceo performance award for elon musk with vesting contingent on achieving market capitalization and operational milestones. if tesla stockholders approve the award, we would incur significant additional stock-based compensation expense over the term of the award as each performance milestone becomes probable of vesting.
automotive financing options we offer loans and leases for our vehicles in certain markets in north america, europe and asia primarily through various financial institutions. we offered resale value guarantees or similar buy-back terms to all direct customers who purchase vehicles and who financed their vehicle through one of our specified commercial banking partners. subsequent to june 30, 2016, this program is available only in certain international markets. resale value guarantees available for exercise within the 12 months following december 31, 2017 totaled $375.7 million in value.
we plan to adopt the new revenue recognition standard asc 606 effective january 1, 2018. this will impact the way we account for vehicle sales with a resale value guarantee and vehicles leased through our leasing partners, which now will qualify to be accounted for as sales with a right of return. in addition, for certain vehicles sales with a resale value guarantee and vehicles leased through leasing partners prior to 2018, we will cease recognizing lease revenue starting in 2018 and record the associated cumulative adjustment to equity under the modified retrospective approach.
vehicle deliveries with the resale value guarantee do not impact our near-term cash flows and liquidity, since we receive the full amount of cash for the vehicle sales price at delivery. while we do not assume any credit risk related to the customer, if a customer exercises the option to return the vehicle to us, we are exposed to liquidity risk that the resale value of vehicles under these programs may be lower than our guarantee, or the volume of vehicles returned to us may be higher than our estimates or we may be unable to resell the used cars in a timely manner, all of which could adversely impact our cash flows. through 2017, we only had an insignificant number of customers who exercised their resale value guarantees and returned their vehicles to us. based on current market demand for our cars, we estimate the resale prices for our vehicles will continue to be above our resale value guarantee amounts. should market values of our vehicles or customer demand decrease, these estimates may be impacted materially.
we currently offer vehicle leases in the u.s. for model s and model x directly from tesla finance, our captive financing entity, as well as through leasing partners. leasing through tesla finance is available in 39 states and the district of columbia. we also offer financing arrangements through our entities in canada, germany and the united kingdom. leasing through our captive financing entities and our leasing partners exposes us to residual value risk. in addition, for leases offered directly from our captive financing entities, we assume customer credit risk. we plan to continue expanding our financing offerings, including our lease financing options and the financial sources to support them, and to support the overall financing needs of our customers. to the extent that we are unable to arrange such options for our customers on terms that are attractive, our sales, financial results and cash flows could be negatively impacted.
energy generation and storage financing options we offer our customers the choice to either purchase and own solar energy systems or to purchase the energy that our solar energy systems produce through various contractual arrangements. these contractual arrangements include long-term leases and power purchase agreements. in both structures, we install our solar energy systems at our customer's premises and charge the customer a monthly fee. in the lease structure, this monthly payment is fixed with a minimum production guarantee. in the power purchase agreement structure, we charge customers a fee per kilowatt-hour, or kwh, based on the amount of electricity the solar energy system actually produces. the leases and power purchase agreements are typically for 20 years with a renewal option, and generally when there is no upfront prepayment, the specified monthly fees are subject to annual escalations.
for customers who want to purchase and own solar energy systems, we also offer solar loans, whereby a third-party lender provides financing directly to a qualified customer to enable the customer to purchase and own a solar energy system designed, installed and serviced by us. we enter into a standard solar energy system sale and installation agreement with the customer. separately, the customer enters into a loan agreement with a third-party lender, who finances the full purchase price. we are not a party to the loan agreement between the customer and the third-party lender, and the third-party lender has no recourse against us with respect to the loan.
we continue to develop gigafactory 1 as a facility where we work together with our suppliers to integrate production of battery material, cells, modules, battery packs and drive units in one location for vehicles and energy storage products. we also continue to invest in the future expansion of gigafactory 1 and in production equipment for battery cell, module and pack production.
panasonic has partnered with us on gigafactory 1 with investments in the production equipment that it uses to manufacture and supply us with battery cells. under our arrangement with panasonic, we plan to purchase the full output from their production equipment at negotiated prices. as these terms convey to us the right to use, as defined in asc 840, leases, their production equipment, we consider them to be leased assets when production commences. this results in us recording the value of their production equipment within property, plant and equipment, net, on the consolidated balance sheets with a corresponding liability recorded to financing obligations. for all suppliers and partners for which we plan to purchase the full output from their production equipment located at gigafactory 1, we will apply similar accounting. during the year ended december 31, 2017, we recorded $473.3 million on the consolidated balance sheet.
while we currently believe that our progress at gigafactory 1 will allow us to reach our production targets, our ultimate ability to do so will require us to resolve the types of challenges that are typical of a production ramp. for example, we have experienced bottlenecks in the assembly of battery modules at gigafactory 1, which has negatively affected our production of model 3. while we continue to make progress to resolve such issues at gigafactory 1, given the size and complexity of this undertaking, it is possible that future events could result in the cost of building and operating gigafactory 1 exceeding our current expectations and gigafactory 1 taking longer to expand than we currently anticipate.
we have an agreement with the suny foundation for the construction of a factory capable of producing at least 1.0 gigawatts of solar cells annually in buffalo, new york, referred to as gigafactory 2. in december 2016, we entered into an agreement with panasonic under which it will manufacture custom pv cells and modules for us, primarily at gigafactory 2, and we will purchase certain quantities of pv cells and modules from panasonic during the 10-year term.
the terms of our agreement with the suny foundation require us to comply with a number of covenants, and any failure to comply with these covenants could obligate us to pay significant amounts to the suny foundation and result in termination of the agreement. although we remain on track with our progress at gigafactory 2, our expectations as to the cost of building the facility, acquiring manufacturing equipment and supporting our manufacturing operations may prove incorrect, which could subject us to significant expenses to achieve the desired benefits.
other manufacturing in addition, we continue to expand production capacity at our tesla factory and are exploring additional production capacity in asia and europe.
critical accounting policies and estimates the consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s. ("gaap"). the preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses and related disclosures. we base our estimates on historical experience, as appropriate, and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. changes in the accounting estimates are reasonably likely to occur from period to period. accordingly, actual results could differ significantly from the estimates made by our management. we evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. to the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and actual results, our future financial statement presentation, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows will be affected. we believe that the following critical accounting policies involve a greater degree of judgment and complexity than our other accounting policies. accordingly, these are the policies we believe are the most critical to understanding and evaluating the consolidated financial condition and results of operations.
revenue recognition we recognize revenue for products and services when: (i) a persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (ii) delivery has occurred and there are no uncertainties regarding customer acceptance; (iii) pricing or fees are fixed or determinable and (iv) collection is reasonably assured.
automotive segment automotive revenue includes revenues related to deliveries of new vehicles, sales of regulatory credits to other automotive manufacturers and specific other elements that meet the definition of a deliverable under multiple-element accounting guidance, including free internet connectivity, free access to our supercharger network and future free over-the-air software updates. these other elements are valued on a stand-alone basis, and we recognize their revenue over our performance period, which is generally the eight-year life of the vehicle, except for internet connectivity, which is over the free four-year period. if we sell a deliverable separately, we use that pricing to determine its fair value; otherwise, we use our best estimated selling price by considering costs used to develop and deliver the service, third-party pricing of similar options and other information that may be available. at the time of revenue recognition, we record a reserve against revenue for estimated future product returns. such estimates are based on historical experience and were immaterial in all periods presented. in addition, any fees that are paid or payable by us to a customer's lender, when we arrange the financing, would be recognized as an offset against automotive sales revenue, in accordance with asc 605-50, customer payments and incentives.
automotive leasing revenue includes revenue recognized under lease accounting guidance for our direct leasing programs as well as programs with resale value guarantees. see "vehicle sales to customers with a resale value guarantee," "vehicle sales to leasing partners with a resale value guarantee" and "direct vehicle leasing program" for further details.
service and other revenue consists of repair and maintenance services, service plans, merchandise, sales of used tesla vehicles, sales of electric vehicle powertrain components and systems to other manufacturers and sales of non-tesla vehicle trade-ins.
vehicle sales to customers with a resale value guarantee prior to june 30, 2016, we offered resale value guarantees or similar buy-back terms to all customers who purchased vehicles and who financed their vehicles through one of our specified commercial banking partners. since june 30, 2016, this program is available only in certain international markets. under this program, customers have the option of selling their vehicle back to us during the guarantee period, which currently is generally at the end of the term of the applicable loan or financing program, for a determined resale value. although we receive full payment for the vehicle sales price at the time of delivery, we are required to account for these transactions as operating leases. the amount of sale proceeds equal to the resale value guarantee is deferred until the guarantee expires or is exercised. the remaining sale proceeds are deferred and recognized on a straight-line basis over the stated guarantee period to automotive leasing revenue. the guarantee period expires at the earlier of the end of the guarantee period or the pay-off of the initial loan. we capitalize the cost of these vehicles on the consolidated balance sheet as operating lease vehicles, net, and depreciate their value, less salvage value, to cost of automotive leasing revenue over the same period.
in cases where a customer retains ownership of a vehicle at the end of the guarantee period, the resale value guarantee liability and any remaining deferred revenue balances related to the vehicle are settled to automotive leasing revenue, and the net book value of the leased vehicle is expensed to cost of automotive leasing revenue. if a customer returns the vehicle to us during the guarantee period, we purchase the vehicle from the customer in an amount equal to the resale value guarantee and settle any remaining deferred balances to automotive leasing revenue, and we reclassify the net book value of the vehicle on the consolidated balance sheet to used vehicle inventory.
vehicle sales to leasing partners with a resale value guarantee we also offer resale value guarantees in connection with automobile sales to certain leasing partners. as we have guaranteed the value of these vehicles and as the vehicles are leased to end-customers, we account for these transactions as interest bearing collateralized borrowings as required under asc 840. under this program, cash is received for the full price of the vehicle and is recorded within resale value guarantees for the long-term portion and deferred revenue for the current portion. we accrete the deferred revenue amount to automotive leasing revenue on a straight-line basis over the guarantee period and accrue interest expense based on our borrowing rate. we capitalize vehicles under this program to operating lease vehicles, net, on the consolidated balance sheet, and we record depreciation from these vehicles to cost of automotive leasing revenue during the period the vehicle is under a lease arrangement. cash received for these vehicles, net of revenue recognized during the period, is classified as collateralized lease borrowings within cash flows from financing activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows.
at the end of the lease term, we settle our liability in cash by either purchasing the vehicle from the leasing partner for the resale value guarantee amount or paying a shortfall to the guarantee amount the leasing partner may realize on the sale of the vehicle. any remaining balances within deferred revenue and resale value guarantee will be settled to automotive leasing revenue. in cases where the leasing partner retains ownership of the vehicle after the end of our guarantee period, we expense the net value of the leased vehicle to cost of automotive leasing revenue.
on a quarterly basis, we assess the estimated market values of vehicles under our resale value guarantee program to determine if we have sustained a loss on any of these contracts. as we accumulate more data related to the resale values of our vehicles or as market conditions change, there may be material changes to their estimated values.
direct vehicle leasing program we offer a vehicle leasing program in certain locations in the north america and europe. qualifying customers are permitted to lease a vehicle directly from tesla for up to 48 months. at the end of the lease term, customers have the option of either returning the vehicle to us or purchasing if for a pre-determined residual value. we account for these leasing transactions as operating leases, and we recognize leasing revenues on a straight-line basis over the contractual term and record the depreciation of these vehicles to cost of automotive leasing revenue.
maintenance and service plans we offer a prepaid maintenance program for our vehicles, which includes plans covering maintenance for up to four years or up to 50,000 miles, provided these services are purchased within a specified period of time. the maintenance plans cover annual inspections and the replacement of wear and tear parts, excluding tires and the battery. payments collected in advance of the performance of service are initially recorded in deferred revenue on the consolidated balance sheet and recognized in automotive sales as we fulfill our performance obligations.
we also offer an extended service plan, which covers the repair or replacement of vehicle parts for an additional four years or up to an additional 50,000 miles, after the end of our initial new vehicle limited warranty, provided they are purchased within a specified period of time. payments collected in advance of the performance of service are initially recorded in deferred revenue on the consolidated balance sheet and recognized in automotive sales ratably over the service coverage periods.
energy generation and storage segment for solar energy systems and components sales wherein customers pay the full purchase price, either directly or through the solar loan program, revenue is recognized when we install a solar energy system and the solar energy system passes inspection by the utility or the authority having jurisdiction, provided all other revenue recognition criteria have been met. in instances where there are multiple deliverables in a single arrangement, we allocate the arrangement consideration to the various elements in the arrangement based on the relative selling price method. costs incurred on residential installations before the solar energy systems are completed are included in inventories as work-in-progress in the consolidated balance sheet. however, any fees that are paid or payable by us to a solar loan lender would be recognized as an offset against energy generation and storage revenue, in accordance with asc 605-50, customer payments and incentives. revenue from an energy storage product sale is recognized when the product has been delivered, installed and accepted by the customer, provided all other revenue recognition criteria have been met.
for revenue arrangements where we are the lessor under operating lease agreements for solar energy systems, including energy storage products, we record lease revenue from minimum lease payments, including upfront rebates and incentives earned from such systems, on a straight-line basis over the life of the lease term, assuming all other revenue recognition criteria have been met. for incentives that are earned based on the amount of electricity generated by the system, we record revenue as the amounts are earned. the difference between the payments received and the revenue recognized is recorded as deferred revenue on the consolidated balance sheet.
for solar energy systems where customers purchase electricity from us under ppas, we have determined that these agreements should be accounted for, in substance, as operating leases pursuant to asc 840. revenue is recognized based on the amount of electricity delivered at rates specified under the contracts, assuming all other revenue recognition criteria are met.
we record as deferred revenue any amounts that are collected from customers, including lease prepayments, in excess of revenue recognized. deferred revenue also includes the portion of rebates and incentives received from utility companies and various local and state government agencies, which are recognized as revenue over the lease term, as well as the fees charged for remote monitoring service, which is recognized as revenue ratably over the respective customer contract term.
we capitalize initial direct costs from the origination of solar energy system leases or ppas (i.e. the incremental cost of contract administration, referral fees and sales commissions) as an element of solar energy systems, leased and to be leased, net, and subsequently amortize these costs over the term of the related lease or ppa.
inventory valuation inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. cost is computed using standard cost for vehicles and energy storage products, which approximates actual cost on a first-in, first-out basis. in addition, cost for solar energy systems are recorded using actual cost. we record inventory write-downs for excess or obsolete inventories based upon assumptions about on current and future demand forecasts. if our inventory on-hand is in excess of our future demand forecast, the excess amounts are written-off.
we also review our inventory to determine whether its carrying value exceeds the net amount realizable upon the ultimate sale of the inventory. this requires us to determine the estimated selling price of our vehicles less the estimated cost to convert the inventory on-hand into a finished product. once inventory is written-down, a new, lower cost basis for that inventory is established and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the restoration or increase in that newly established cost basis.
should our estimates of future selling prices or production costs change, additional and potentially material increases to this reserve may be required. a small change in our estimates may result in a material charge to our reported financial results.
warranties we provide a manufacturer's warranty on all new and used vehicles, production powertrain components and systems and energy products we sell. in addition, we also provide a warranty on the installation and components of the solar energy systems we sell for periods typically between 10 to 30 years. we accrue a warranty reserve for the products sold by us, which includes our best estimate of the projected costs to repair or replace items under warranty. these estimates are based on actual claims incurred to date and an estimate of the nature, frequency and costs of future claims. these estimates are inherently uncertain given our relatively short history of sales, and changes to our historical or projected warranty experience may cause material changes to the warranty reserve in the future. the warranty reserve does not include projected warranty costs associated with our vehicles subject to lease accounting and our solar energy systems under lease contracts or ppas, as the costs to repair these warranty claims are expensed as incurred. the portion of the warranty reserve expected to be incurred within the next 12 months is included within accrued liabilities and other while the remaining balance is included within other long-term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. warranty expense is recorded as a component of cost of revenue.
stock-based compensation we use the fair value method of accounting for our stock options and restricted stock units ("rsus") granted to employees and our employee stock purchase plan (the "espp") to measure the cost of employee services received in exchange for the stock-based awards. the fair value of stock options and espp is estimated on the grant or offering date using the black-scholes option-pricing model. the black-scholes option-pricing model requires inputs such as the risk-free interest rate, expected term and expected volatility. these inputs are subjective and generally require significant judgment. the fair value of rsus is measured on the grant date based on the closing fair market value of our common stock. the resulting cost is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the awards, usually the vesting period, which is generally four years for stock options and rsus and six months for the espp. stock-based compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis, net of actual forfeitures in the period (prior to 2017, net of estimated projected forfeitures).
for performance-based awards, stock-based compensation expense is recognized over the expected performance achievement period of individual performance milestones when the achievement of each individual performance milestone becomes probable. for performance-based awards with a vesting schedule based entirely on the attainment of both performance and market conditions, stock-based compensation expense is recognized for each pair of performance and market conditions over the longer of the expected achievement period of the performance and market conditions, beginning at the point in time that the relevant performance condition is considered probable of achievement. the fair value of such awards is estimated on the grant date using monte carlo simulations.
as we accumulate additional employee stock-based awards data over time and as we incorporate market data related to our common stock, we may calculate significantly different volatilities and expected lives, which could materially impact the valuation of our stock-based awards and the stock-based compensation expense that we will recognize in future periods. stock-based compensation expense is recorded in cost of revenue, research and development expense and selling, general and administrative expense.
income taxes we are subject to federal and state taxes in the u.s. and in many foreign jurisdictions. significant judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance recorded against our net deferred tax assets. we make these estimates and judgments about our future taxable income that are based on assumptions that are consistent with our future plans. tax laws, regulations, and administrative practices may be subject to change due to economic or political conditions including fundamental changes to the tax laws applicable to corporate multinationals. the u.s., many countries in the european union and a number of other countries are actively considering changes in this regard. as of december 31, 2017, we had recorded a full valuation allowance on our net u.s. deferred tax assets because we expect that it is more likely than not that our u.s. deferred tax assets will not be realized in the foreseeable future. should the actual amounts differ from our estimates, the amount of our valuation allowance could be materially impacted.
furthermore, significant judgment is required in evaluating our tax positions. in the ordinary course of business, there are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax settlement is uncertain. as a result, we recognize the effect of this uncertainty on our tax attributes based on our estimates of the eventual outcome. these effects are recognized when, despite our belief that our tax return positions are supportable, we believe that it is more likely than not that those positions may not be fully sustained upon review by tax authorities. we are required to file income tax returns in the u.s. and various foreign jurisdictions, which requires us to interpret the applicable tax laws and regulations in effect in such jurisdictions. such returns are subject to audit by the various federal, state and foreign taxing authorities, who may disagree with respect to our tax positions. we believe that our consideration is adequate for all open audit years based on our assessment of many factors, including past experience and interpretations of tax law. we review and update our estimates in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit, the lapse of a statute of limitations or a change in estimate. to the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters differs from our expectations, such differences may impact income tax expense in the period in which such determination is made. the eventual impact on our income tax expense depends in part if we still have a valuation allowance recorded against our deferred tax assets in the period that such determination is made.
on december 22, 2017, the 2017 tax cuts and jobs act ("tax act") was enacted into law making significant changes to the internal revenue code. changes include, but are not limited to, a federal corporate tax rate decrease from 35% to 21% for tax years beginning after december 31, 2017, the transition of u.s. international taxation from a worldwide tax system to a territorial system and a one-time transition tax on the mandatory deemed repatriation of foreign earnings. we are required to recognize the effect of the tax law changes in the period of enactment, such as re-measuring our u.s. deferred tax assets and liabilities as well as reassessing the net realizability of our deferred tax assets and liabilities. the tax act did not give rise to any material impact on the consolidated balance sheets and consolidated statements of operations due to our historical worldwide loss position and the full valuation allowance on our net u.s. deferred tax assets.
in december 2017, the securities and exchange commission staff issued staff accounting bulletin no. 118, income tax accounting implications of the tax cuts and jobs act ("sab 118"), which allows us to record provisional amounts during a measurement period not to extend beyond one year from the enactment date. since the tax act was enacted late in the fourth quarter of 2017 (and ongoing guidance and accounting interpretations are expected over the next 12 months), we consider the accounting of deferred tax re-measurements and other items, such as state tax considerations, to be incomplete due to the forthcoming guidance and our ongoing analysis of final year-end data and tax positions. we expect to complete our analysis within the measurement period in accordance with sab 118. we do not expect any subsequent adjustments to have any material impact on the consolidated balance sheets or statements of operations due to our historical worldwide loss position and the full valuation allowance on our net u.s. deferred tax assets.
principles of consolidation the consolidated financial statements reflect our accounts and operations and those of our subsidiaries in which we have a controlling financial interest. in accordance with the provisions of asc 810, consolidation, we consolidate any variable interest entity ("vie") of which we are the primary beneficiary. we form vies with our financing fund investors in the ordinary course of business in order to facilitate the funding and monetization of certain attributes associated with our solar energy systems. the typical condition for a controlling financial interest ownership is holding a majority of the voting interests of an entity; however, a controlling financial interest may also exist in entities, such as vies, through arrangements that do not involve controlling voting interests. asc 810 requires a variable interest holder to consolidate a vie if that party has the power to direct the activities of the vie that most significantly impact the vie's economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses of the vie that could potentially be significant to the vie or the right to receive benefits from the vie that could potentially be significant to the vie. we do not consolidate a vie in which we have a majority ownership interest when we are not considered the primary beneficiary. we have determined that we are the primary beneficiary of a number of vies. we evaluate our relationships with all the vies on an ongoing basis to ensure that we continue to be the primary beneficiary. all intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated upon consolidation.
noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests represent third-party interests in the net assets under certain funding arrangements, or funds, that we enter into to finance the costs of solar energy systems and vehicles under operating leases. we have determined that the contractual provisions of the funds represent substantive profit sharing arrangements. we have further determined that the appropriate methodology for calculating the noncontrolling interest and redeemable noncontrolling interest balances that reflects the substantive profit sharing arrangements is a balance sheet approach using the hypothetical liquidation at book value ("hlbv") method. we, therefore, determine the amount of the noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests in the net assets of the funds at each balance sheet date using the hlbv method, which is presented on the consolidated balance sheet as noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries and redeemable noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries. under the hlbv method, the amounts reported as noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests in the consolidated balance sheet represent the amounts the third-parties would hypothetically receive at each balance sheet date under the liquidation provisions of the funds, assuming the net assets of the funds were liquidated at their recorded amounts determined in accordance with gaap and with tax laws effective at the balance sheet date and distributed to the third-parties. the third-parties' interests in the results of operations of the funds are determined as the difference in the noncontrolling interest and redeemable noncontrolling interest balances in the consolidated balance sheets between the start and end of each reporting period, after taking into account any capital transactions between the funds and the third-parties. however, the redeemable noncontrolling interest balance is at least equal to the redemption amount. the redeemable noncontrolling interest balance is presented as temporary equity in the mezzanine section of the consolidated balance sheet since these third-parties have the right to redeem their interests in the funds for cash or other assets.
business combinations we account for business acquisitions under asc 805, business combinations. the total purchase consideration for an acquisition is measured as the fair value of the assets given, equity instruments issued and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date. costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition are expensed as incurred. identifiable assets (including intangible assets), liabilities assumed (including contingent liabilities) and noncontrolling interests in an acquisition are measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date. we recognize goodwill if the fair value of the total purchase consideration and any noncontrolling interests is in excess of the net fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed. we recognize a bargain purchase gain within other income (expense), net, on the consolidated statement of operations if the net fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed is in excess of the fair value of the total purchase consideration and any noncontrolling interests. we include the results of operations of the acquired business in the consolidated financial statements beginning on the acquisition date.
when determining such fair values, we make significant estimates and assumptions. critical estimates include, but are not limited to, future expected cash flows from the underlying assets and discount rates. our estimate of fair values is based on assumptions believed to be reasonable but that are inherently uncertain and unpredictable. as a result, actual results may differ from our estimates. furthermore, our estimates might change as additional information becomes available, as more fully discussed in note 3, business combinations, included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
results of operations revenues year ended december 31,                                          change 2017 vs. 2016                            change 2016 vs. 2015
automotive & services and other segment automotive sales revenue includes revenues related to sale of new model s, model x and model 3 vehicles, including internet connectivity, supercharger access, and specified software updates for cars equipped with autopilot hardware, as well as sales of regulatory credits to other automotive manufacturers.
automotive leasing revenue includes the amortization of revenue for model s and model x vehicles sold with resale value guarantees accounted for as operating leases under lease accounting. we do not yet offer leasing for model 3 vehicles.
services and other revenue consists of maintenance services, sales of used vehicles and sales of electric vehicle powertrain components and systems to other manufacturers.
automotive sales revenue increased $2.95 billion, or 53%, during the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the year ended december 31, 2016, primarily related to a 58% increase in deliveries to 80,060 vehicles resulting from increased sales of model s and model x, at average selling prices that remained relatively consistent as compared to the prior period, as well as sales of 1,764 model 3 vehicles since its launch in the third quarter of 2017. additionally there was an increase of $58.0 million to $360.3 million in sales of regulatory credits offset partially by additional deferrals of autopilot 2.0 revenue in the year ended december 31, 2017.
automotive leasing revenue increased $344.8 million, or 45%, during the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase was primarily due to an approximately 30% increase in the number of vehicles under leasing programs or programs with a resale value guarantee compared to the year ended december 31, 2016. in addition, during the year ended december 31, 2017, we recognized an increase of $23.4 million of automotive leasing revenue upon early payoff and expiration of resale value guarantees as compared to the year ended december 31, 2016.
service and other revenue increased $533.2 million, or 114%, during the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the year ended december 31, 2016. this was primarily due to an increase in used vehicle sales as a result of increased automotive sales as well as from the expansion of our trade-in program. additionally, there was a $41.1 million increase from the inclusion of engineering service revenue from grohmann, which we acquired on january 3, 2017, and a $68.4 million increase in maintenance services revenue as our fleet continued to grow during the year ended december 31, 2017.
automotive sales revenue increased $2.16 billion, or 63% to $5.59 billion during the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily related to a 55% increase in vehicle deliveries to approximately 50,700. the increase in volume is primarily due to a full-year of model x deliveries in 2016, as well as increased production and sales of model s. further, there was an overall increase in average selling price of 6% primarily due to the introduction of model x which are higher priced vehicles compared to model s. in addition, there is an increase of $133.4 million to $302.3 million of the sale of regulatory credits from the year ended december 31, 2015 to the corresponding period in 2016. these increases were partially offset by negative impact from the movement of foreign currency exchange rates.
automotive leasing revenue increased $452.4 million, or 146%, to $761.8 million during the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase was primarily due to an 83% increase in cumulative vehicle deliveries under leasing programs and programs with a resale value guarantee from the year ended december 31, 2015 to the year ended december 31, 2016. in addition, during the year ended december 31, 2016, we recognized $112.6 million in automotive leasing revenue upon the expiration of resale value guarantees.
energy generation and storage segment energy generation and storage revenue includes sale of solar energy systems and energy storage products, leasing revenue from solar energy systems under operating leases and ppas and the sale of solar energy systems incentives.
energy generation and storage revenue increased by $934.9 million, or 515%, during the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the year ended december 31, 2016, predominantly due to the inclusion of the full-year of revenue from our solar business, which we gained by acquiring solarcity on november 21, 2016.
energy generation and storage revenue increased $166.9 million, or 1,153%, primarily due to $84.1 million as a result of the inclusion of revenue from solarcity from the acquisition date of november 21, 2016 through december 31, 2016, as well as an increase of $82.8 million in energy storage revenue as we ramped up our energy storage sales effort and completed several utility scale projects such as southern california edison mira loma substation.
cost of revenues and gross margin year ended december 31,                                             change 2017 vs. 2016                            change 2016 vs. 2015
revenues gross profit total                  $2,208,596                    $1,600,685                      $917,671
automotive gross profit total                  $1,980,759                    $1,596,195                      $921,313
&amp; services and other segment gross profit energy                   $241,728                        $3,062                        $2,190
generation and storage segment total gross profit                  $2,222,487                    $1,599,257                      $923,503
automotive & services and other segment cost of automotive sales revenue includes direct parts, material and labor costs, manufacturing overhead, including depreciation costs of tooling and machinery, shipping and logistic costs, vehicle connectivity costs, allocations of electricity and infrastructure costs related to our supercharger network, and reserves for estimated warranty expenses. cost of automotive sales revenues also includes adjustments to warranty expense and charges to write down the carrying value of our inventory when it exceeds its estimated net realizable value and to provide for obsolete and on-hand inventory in excess of forecasted demand.
cost of services and other revenue includes direct parts, material and labor costs, manufacturing overhead associated with the sales of electric vehicle powertrain components and systems to other manufacturers, costs associated with providing maintenance services and costs to acquire and certify used vehicles.
cost of automotive leasing revenue increased $226.2 million, or 47%, during the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the year ended december 31, 2016. this was primarily due to an approximately 30% increase in the number of vehicles under leasing programs or programs with a resale value guarantee compared to the year ended december 31, 2016. in addition, during the year ended december 31, 2017, we recognized an increase of $23.4 million in cost of automotive leasing revenue upon early payoff and the expiration of resale value guarantees.
gross margin for total automotive decreased from 25% to 23% during the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the year ended december 31, 2016. the commencement of deliveries of model 3 in the third quarter of 2017 whereby the full operating costs and depreciation were recorded at much lower production volumes as production ramps, higher current period early payoffs and expirations of resale value guarantees, as compared to the same period in the prior year, contributed to the lower gross margin. lower material and manufacturing costs for model s and model x, as we further improved our vehicle production processes and the partial recognition of autopilot 2.0 revenue in the current period partially offset the overall decrease.
gross margin for total automotive & services and other segment decreased from 23% to 19% during the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the year ended december 31, 2016. these decreases are driven by the factors impacting gross margin for total automotive, as explained above, as well as higher costs of maintenance service.
cost of automotive revenues increased $1.63 billion, or 62%, to $4.27 billion during the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase was primarily due to a 55% increase in vehicle deliveries as a result of a full-year of model x deliveries as well as increased deliveries for model s. in addition, the increase is due to product mix as model x has a higher cost structure than model s. the increase in cost of automotive revenue is partially offset by a reduction of warranty expense of $20.0 million resulting from better vehicle reliability.
cost of automotive leasing revenue increased $298.6 million, or 163%, to $482.0 million during the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase is primarily due to an 83% increase in cumulative vehicle deliveries under leasing programs and programs with resale value guarantees from the year ended december 31, 2015 to the year ended december 31, 2016. in addition, during the year ended december 31, 2016, we recognized $114.3 million in cost of automotive leasing revenues upon the expiration of resale value guarantees.
gross margin for total automotive remained consistent during the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015.
gross profit for total automotive & services and other segment increased from $921.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 to $1.60 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016. gross margin for total automotive & services and other segment increased from 22.9% for the year ended december 31, 2015 to 23.4% for the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase was primarily due to lower material and manufacturing costs as we further improve our production processes, partially offset by a negative impact from the movement in foreign exchange and increased expenditures to build out our service centers and provide maintenance.
energy generation and storage segment cost of energy generation and storage revenue includes direct material and labor costs, overhead of solar energy systems and energy storage products and the depreciation expense and maintenance costs associated with leased solar energy systems.
cost of energy generation and storage revenue increased by $696.2 million, or 390%, during the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the year ended december 31, 2016. this was primarily due to the inclusion of the full-year of costs from our solar business, which we gained by acquiring solarcity on november 21, 2016.
gross margin for energy generation and storage increased from 2% to 22% during the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the year ended december 31, 2016. this was predominantly due to the inclusion of the full-year of revenue and costs from our solar business, which we gained by acquiring solarcity.
cost of energy generation and storage revenue increased $166.0 million to $178.3 million during the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase was due to an increase of $67.0 million as a result of the inclusion of solarcity's financial results from the acquisition date of november 21, 2016 to december 31, 2016. the remaining increase was due to increase in the sale of energy storage products and increased expenditures to increase the capacity of energy storage products.
research and development expense year ended december 31,                                  change 2017 vs. 2016                      change 2016 vs. 2015
research and development             $1,378,073                $834,408                $717,900       $543,665                  65          %   $116,508                  16          %
research and development ("r&d") expenses consist primarily of personnel costs for our teams in engineering and research, manufacturing engineering and manufacturing test organizations, prototyping expense, contract and professional services and amortized equipment expense.
r&d expenses increased $543.7 million, or 65%, during the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the year ended december 31, 2016. this increase was primarily due to a $274.9 million increase in employee and labor related expenses from increased headcount as a result of our acquisitions as well as headcount growth from the expansion of our automotive and energy generation and storage businesses, and a $44.3 million increase in stock-based compensation expense related to an increase in headcount and number of employee stock awards granted for new hire and refresher employee stock grants. additionally, there were increases in facilities expenses, depreciation expenses, professional and outside service expenses and expensed materials to support the development of future products.
r&d expenses increased $116.5 million, or 16%, to $834.4 million during the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase of $116.5 million was primarily due to a $78.2 million increase in employee and labor related expenses due to a 15% headcount increase as we expanded our vehicle business in the u.s. and internationally, and a $65.0 million increase in stock-based compensation expense related to an increase in headcount and number of employee stock awards granted for new hire and refresher employee stock grants. this is partially offset by a $25.9 million decrease in expensed materials related to our model x development, which was primarily incurred in 2015. the overall increase also includes $11.0 million related to solarcity.
selling, general and administrative expense year ended december 31,                                    change 2017 vs. 2016                       change 2016 vs. 2015
selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") expenses consist primarily of personnel and facilities costs related to our stores, marketing, sales, executive, finance, human resources, information technology and legal organizations, as well as fees for professional and contract services and litigation settlements.
sg&a expenses increased $1.04 billion, or 73%, during the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the year ended december 31, 2016. this increase was primarily due to a $524.0 million increase in employee and labor related expenses from increased headcount as a result of our acquisitions as well as headcount growth from the expansion of our automotive and energy generation and storage businesses, and a $64.9 million increase in stock-based compensation expense related to an increase in headcount and number of employee stock awards granted for new hire and refresher employee stock grants. additionally, the increase was due to a $310.6 million increase in office, information technology and facilities-related expenses to support the growth of our business as well as sales and marketing activities to handle our expanding market presence and a $140.6 million increase in professional and outside service expenses to support the growth of our business.
sg&a expenses increased $510.0 million, or 55%, to $1.43 billion during the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase in sg&a expenses was primarily due to a $247.2 million increase in employee and labor related expenses due to a 61% increase in headcount as we expanded our business in the u.s. and internationally, a $91.0 million increase in office, information technology and facilities-related costs to support the growth of our business as well as sales and marketing activities to handle our expanding market presence, and a $58.1 million increase in stock-based compensation expense related to increased number of employee stock awards granted for new hire and existing employees. the increase includes $74.3 million related to solarcity.
interest expense year ended december 31,                                 change 2017 vs. 2016                      change 2016 vs. 2015
interest expense for the year ended december 31, 2017 increased $272.4 million, or 137%, from the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase was primarily due to the inclusion of the full-year of interest expense from solarcity of $185.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2017. in addition, our average outstanding indebtedness has increased in the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to the prior year mainly due to the convertible senior notes due in 2022 and the senior notes due in 2025, both of which we issued during 2017.
interest expense for the year ended december 31, 2016 increased $80.0 million, or 67%, from the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase as compared to the year ended december 31, 2015 consisted primarily of a $33.1 million increase in interest expense on vehicles sales that we account for as collateralized borrowing, a $28.5 million increase in interest expense on build-to-suit leases and a $22.0 million increase in interest expense associated with solarcity's indebtedness, financing obligations and capital lease obligations.
other income (expense), net year ended december 31,                                 change 2017 vs. 2016                       change 2016 vs. 2015
other income (expense), net, consists primarily of foreign exchange gains and losses related to our foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities. we expect our foreign exchange gains and losses will vary depending upon movements in the underlying exchange rates. additionally, other income (expense), net, includes a gain from the acquisition of solarcity for the year ended december 31, 2016.
other income (expense), net, decreased by $236.7 million, or 213%, during the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2016. the decrease was primarily due to measurement period adjustments to the acquisition date fair value of solarcity and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.
other income, net, increased by $152.9 million as we recognized a gain from the acquisition of solarcity of $88.7 million and a loss on conversion of our 1.50% convertible senior notes due in 2018 of $7.2 million. the remainder of the change in other income (expense), net, was primarily result of fluctuations in gains (losses) from foreign currency exchange.
provision for income taxes year ended december 31,                             change 2017 vs. 2016                    change 2016 vs. 2015
provision for income taxes         $31,546               $26,698               $13,039       $4,848                  18          %   $13,659                 105         %
our provision for income taxes increased by $4.9 million, or 18%, for the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2016. this increase was primarily due to the increase in vehicle deliveries in foreign tax jurisdictions, partially offset by $10.5 million of future u.s. alternative minimum tax refunds as a result of the tax act, which previously had an associated valuation allowance.
our provision for income taxes for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015 was $26.7 million and $13.0 million, respectively. this increase was primarily due to the increase in taxable income in our international jurisdictions.
net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests our net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests was related to financing fund arrangements.
liquidity and capital resources as of december 31, 2017, we had $3.37 billion of cash and cash equivalents. balances held in foreign currencies had a u.s. dollar equivalent of $521.5 million and consisted primarily of chinese yuan, euros and norwegian kroner. our sources of cash are predominately from our deliveries of vehicles, sales and installations of our energy storage products and solar energy systems, proceeds from debt facilities, proceeds from financing funds and proceeds from equity offerings.
our sources of liquidity and cash flows enable us to fund ongoing operations, research and development projects, investments in tooling and manufacturing equipment for the production ramp of model 3, the continued construction of gigafactory 1 and the continued expansion of our retail stores, service centers, mobile repair services and supercharger network. we are growing our vehicle manufacturing capacity primarily to fulfill model 3 production at 5,000 vehicles per week and, in a later phase, to 10,000 vehicles per week. capital expenditures in 2018 are projected to be slightly more than 2017. we continually evaluate our capital expenditure needs and may raise additional capital to fund the rapid growth of our business.
we have an agreement to spend or incur $5.00 billion in combined capital, operational expenses, costs of goods sold and other costs in the state of new york during the 10-year period following full production at gigafactory 2. we anticipate meeting these obligations through our operations at gigafactory 2 and other operations within the state of new york, and we do not believe that we face a significant risk of default.
we expect that our current sources of liquidity together with our projection of cash flows from operating activities will provide us with adequate liquidity over at least the next 12 months. a large portion of our future expenditures is to fund our growth, and we can adjust our capital and operating expenditures by operating segment, including future expansion of our product offerings, stores, service centers, delivery centers and supercharger network. we may need or want to raise additional funds in the future, and these funds may not be available to us when we need or want them, or at all. if we cannot raise additional funds when we need or want them, our operations and prospects could be negatively affected.
in addition, we had $2.04 billion of unused committed amounts under our credit facilities and financing funds, some of which are subject to satisfying specified conditions prior to draw-down. for details regarding our indebtedness and financing funds, refer to note 13, convertible and long-term debt obligations, and note 18, vie arrangements, to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
net cash used in operating activities           $(60,654        )         $(123,829       )         $(524,499       )
net cash used in investing activities           $(4,418,967     )         $(1,416,430     )         $(1,673,551     )
net cash provided by financing activities       $4,414,864                $3,743,976                $1,523,523
cash flows from operating activities our cash flows from operating activities are significantly affected by our cash investments to support the growth of our business in areas such as research and development and selling, general and administrative. our operating cash inflows include cash from vehicle sales, lease payments directly from customers, customer deposits, sales of regulatory credits and energy generation and storage products. these cash inflows are offset by our payments to suppliers for production materials and parts used in our manufacturing process, employee compensation, operating lease payments and interest payments on our financings.
net cash used in operating activities during the year ended december 31, 2017 decreased by $63.2 million as compared to the year ended december 31, 2016 due to the decrease in net operating assets and liabilities of $197.3 million partially offset by the decrease in net loss, excluding non-cash expenses and gains, of $134.1 million. the decrease in working capital was mainly driven by faster processing of payments for our vehicles and our focus on reducing inventory in the fourth quarter of 2017.
during the year ended december 31, 2016, cash used in operating activities was primarily a result of our net loss of $773.0 million, the increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of $750.6 million as our business expanded, the increase in resale value guarantees of $326.9 million and deferred revenue of $383.0 million as the number of vehicles with a resale value guarantee increased and the increase in customer deposits of $388.4 million primarily due to model 3 reservations. these increases were partially offset by the increase in inventories and operating lease vehicles of $2.47 billion as we expanded our program for direct leases and vehicles with a resale value guarantee.
during the year ended december 31, 2015, cash used in operating activities was primarily a result of our net loss of $888.7 million and the increase in inventories and operating lease vehicles of $1.57 billion as we expanded our program for direct leases and vehicles with a resale value guarantee. these increases were partially offset by the increase in resale value guarantees of $442.3 million and deferred revenue of $322.2 million as the number vehicles with a resale value guarantee increased.
cash flows from investing activities cash flows from investing activities and their variability across each period related primarily to capital expenditures, which were $4.08 billion during 2017, $1.44 billion during 2016 and $1.63 billion during 2015. capital expenditures during 2017 were from $3.41 billion of purchases of property and equipment (mainly for model 3 production) and $666.5 million for the design, acquisition and installation of solar energy systems under operating leases with customers. we also paid $114.5 million, net of the cash acquired, for acquisitions in 2017.
cash flows from financing activities cash flows from financing activities during the year ended december 31, 2017 consisted primarily of $966.4 million from the issuance of the convertible senior notes due in 2022, $1.77 billion from the issuance of the senior notes due in 2025 and $400.2 million from our march 2017 public offering of common stock, net of underwriter fees. however, we paid $151.2 million for the purchase of bond hedges net of the amount we received from the sale of warrants. furthermore, we received $511.3 million of net proceeds from collateralized lease borrowings and $527.5 million of net proceeds from fund investors.
cash flows from financing activities during the year ended december 31, 2016 consisted primarily of $1.70 billion from our may 2016 public offering of common stock, net of underwriter fees, $995.4 million of proceeds from issuances of debt net of repayments and $769.7 million of net proceeds from collateralized lease borrowings. the net proceeds from issuances of debt consisted primarily of $834.0 million of net borrowings under our senior secured asset-based revolving credit agreement and $390.0 million of borrowings under the vehicle lease-backed loan and security agreement entered into in 2016, partially offset by settlements of $454.7 million for certain conversions of the convertible senior notes due in 2018. furthermore, we received $180.3 million of net proceeds from fund investors.
cash flows from financing activities during the year ended december 31, 2015 consisted primarily of $730.0 million from our august 2015 public offering of common stock and $568.7 million of net proceeds from collateralized lease borrowings.
contractual obligations we are party to contractual obligations involving commitments to make payments to third parties, including certain debt financing arrangements and leases, primarily for stores, service centers, certain manufacturing and corporate offices. these also include, as part of our normal business practices, contracts with suppliers for purchases of certain raw materials, components and services to facilitate adequate supply of these materials and services and capacity reservation contracts. the following table sets forth, as of december 31, 2017, certain significant obligations that will affect our future liquidity (in thousands):
capital lease obligations,               785,215                 127,180                     137,313                     167,281                     138,042                     133,772                      81,627
(1)   these amounts represent (i) purchase orders of $1.18 billion issued under binding and enforceable agreements with all vendors as of december 31, 2017 and (ii) $16.34 billion in other estimable purchase obligations pursuant to such agreements, primarily relating to the purchase of lithium-ion cells to be produced by panasonic at gigafactory 1, including any additional amounts we may have to pay vendors if we do not meet certain minimum purchase obligations. in cases where no purchase orders were outstanding under binding and enforceable agreements as of december 31, 2017, we have included estimated amounts based on our best estimates and assumptions or discussions with the relevant vendors as of such date or, where applicable, on amounts or assumptions included in such agreements for purposes of discussion or reference. in certain cases, such estimated amounts were subject to contingent events. furthermore, these amounts do not include future payments for purchase obligations that were recorded in accounts payable or accrued liabilities as of december 31, 2017.
(2)   long-term debt includes our non-recourse indebtedness of $ 2.93 billion. non-recourse debt refers to debt that is recourse to only specified assets of our subsidiaries.
the table above excludes unrecognized tax benefits of $191.0 million because if recognized, they would be an adjustment to our deferred tax assets.
off-balance sheet arrangements during the periods presented, we did not have relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, which were established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes.