“we manage our operating businesses on an unusually decentralized basis. there are few centralized or integrated business functions. our senior corporate management team participates in and is ultimately responsible for significant capital allocation decisions, investment activities and the selection of the chief executive to head each of the operating businesses,” reflecting a structure that supports positive adjustment under challenging conditions. “the covid-19 pandemic affected our operating businesses in varying ways and degrees, particularly in 2020 and 2021. significant disruptions of supply chains and higher costs emerged in 2021 and persisted in 2022. further, geopolitical conflicts, including the russia-ukraine conflict, developed in 2022 and are continuing in 2023. we cannot reliably predict future economic effects of these events on our businesses. nor can we reliably predict how these events will alter the future consumption patterns of consumers and businesses we serve,” illustrating uncertainty mitigation and operational flexibility. “we strive to produce pre-tax underwriting earnings (premiums earned less losses incurred and underwriting expenses) over the long term in all business categories, except for bhrg’s retroactive reinsurance and periodic payment annuity contracts. time-value-of-money is an important element in establishing prices for these contracts. we normally receive all premiums at the contract inception date, which are immediately available for investment. ultimate claim payments can extend for decades and are expected to exceed premiums, producing underwriting losses over the claim settlement periods, primarily through deferred charge amortization and discount accretion charges,” demonstrating resource generation and financial resilience. “the timing and magnitude of catastrophe losses can produce significant volatility in our periodic underwriting results, particularly with respect to our reinsurance businesses. we currently consider pre-tax incurred losses exceeding $150 million from a current year catastrophic event to be significant,” underscoring risk assessment and mitigation. at geico, “beginning in the first quarter of 2020 and continuing through the first quarter of 2021, average claims frequencies were significantly below historical levels from the effects of less driving by policyholders during the covid-19 pandemic. these effects were partially offset by higher average claims severities and lower premiums earned from the geico giveback program,” with subsequent years reflecting responses to inflation, spare-parts shortages and reserve adjustments. bnsf’s operating earnings record “results in 2022 reflected higher revenue per car/unit, substantially offset by lower overall freight volumes and higher fuel and other operating costs. the earnings increase in 2021 reflected overall higher freight volumes, higher average revenue per car/unit and improved productivity, partly offset by higher average fuel prices and volume related costs. earnings in 2020 reflected relatively low railroad operating revenues from reduced shipping volumes, attributable to the covid-19 pandemic, partly offset by lower operating costs and the effects of productivity improvements,” while multi-party labor negotiations concluded agreements in 2022. utilities and energy results demonstrate regulatory adaptation and liquidity management, noting that “the rates our regulated businesses charge customers for energy and services are based in large part on the costs of business operations, including income taxes and a return on capital, and are subject to regulatory approval. to the extent such costs are not allowed in the approved rates, operating results will be adversely affected,” and that “we continue to believe that maintaining ample liquidity is paramount and we insist on safety over yield with respect to short-term investments.” manufacturing and service businesses report supply chain constraints, unplanned maintenance and geopolitical disruptions yet “pcc management has taken and will continue to take actions to improve operations, maintain safety and prepare for increased demand for its products,” and “we believe supply chain and required maintenance constraints are easing and that we can increase production rates and sales volumes in 2023.” service operations adjusted to slowing electronic component orders, “taking measures to right-size our operations for the long-term and reduce product inventories to more appropriate levels.” retailing businesses navigated constrained new vehicle production due to chip shortages and fluctuating consumer demand. mclane’s grocery and food service operations were “adversely affected by supply chain constraints, including the effects of labor and truck driver shortages, high fuel costs and high inventory costs,” prompting increased hiring and higher benefits. capital expenditures remain significant—$15.5 billion in 2022 with forecasts of $13.7 billion in 2023—and contractual obligations for leases, claim payments and purchase commitments are regularly assessed and forecasted. the company’s investment policy acknowledges equity price concentration risk, treats investment gains and losses as non-operating volatility, and retains substantial cash and u.s. treasury bill balances for flexibility. critical accounting policies for unpaid loss liabilities, deferred charge amortization and goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment reviews require significant judgments—forecasting revenues, expenses, cash flows, capital expenditures and appropriate discount rates—while management concluded effective internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2022.