AbbVie’s strategy has focused on delivering strong financial results, advancing and investing in its pipeline, and ensuring a strong, sustainable growth business over the long term. The company’s financial performance in 2017 included delivering worldwide net revenues of $28.2 billion, driven primarily by the continued strength of Humira and revenue growth related to Imbruvica and other key products. AbbVie’s mission is to be an innovation-driven, patient-focused specialty biopharmaceutical company capable of achieving top-tier financial performance through outstanding execution and a consistent stream of innovative new medicines. The company intends to continue to advance its mission by growing revenues, diversifying revenue streams, driving late-stage pipeline assets to the market, and ensuring strong commercial execution of new product launches. AbbVie remains committed to driving continued expansion of operating margins and expects to achieve this objective through continued leverage from revenue growth, productivity initiatives in supply chain, and ongoing efficiency programs to optimize manufacturing and commercial infrastructure. Research and innovation are the cornerstones of AbbVie’s business, and its long-term success depends on its ability to continue to discover and develop innovative pharmaceutical products and acquire or collaborate on compounds currently in development by other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies. The pipeline currently includes more than 60 compounds or indications in clinical development, focused on important medical specialties such as immunology, oncology, and neurology. AbbVie’s strategy includes significant investments in its research and development activities, which increased in 2017 due to funding to support emerging mid- and late-stage pipeline assets. The company has also entered into strategic collaborations that may require future milestone payments contingent upon the achievement of certain development, regulatory, or commercial milestones. The fair value measurements of contingent consideration liabilities are determined based on significant unobservable inputs, including the discount rate, estimated probabilities, and timing of achieving specified development, regulatory, and commercial milestones. Changes to the fair value of the contingent consideration liabilities can result from changes to inputs, including discount rates and probabilities of achieving milestones. AbbVie monitors economic conditions, the creditworthiness of customers, and government regulations, regularly communicating with customers regarding the status of receivable balances. The company’s ability to generate cash flows from operations, issue debt, or enter into financing arrangements on acceptable terms could be adversely affected by material declines in demand for its products or in the solvency of its customers or suppliers. AbbVie believes it has sufficient financial flexibility to issue debt, enter into other financing arrangements, and attract long-term capital on acceptable terms to support its growth objectives. The company’s effective income tax rate in 2017 was impacted by the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which significantly changed the U.S. corporate tax system. AbbVie’s operational cash flows increased in 2017 primarily due to improved results of operations resulting from revenue growth and an improvement in operating earnings. The company continues to pursue strategies intended to further differentiate its products from competing products and add to the sustainability and future growth of its key brands.