We are a leading supplier of cloud networking solutions that use software innovations to address the needs of large-scale internet companies, cloud service providers, and next-generation data centers for enterprise support. Our cloud networking solutions deliver industry-leading performance, scalability, availability, programmability, automation, and visibility. The programmability of our extensible operating system, or EOS, has allowed us to create a set of software applications that address the requirements of cloud networking, including workflow automation, network visibility, and analytics, and has also allowed us to rapidly integrate with a wide range of third-party applications for virtualization, management, automation, orchestration, and network services. We believe that cloud networks will continue to replace legacy network technologies, and that our cloud networking platform addresses the large and growing cloud networking segment of data center switching, which remains in the early stage of adoption. Computing architectures are evolving to meet the need for constant connectivity and access to data and applications. Our development model is focused on the development of new products based on our EOS software and enhancements to EOS. We expect our research and development expenses to increase as we continue to invest heavily in software development in order to expand the capabilities of our cloud networking platform, introduce new products and features, and build upon our technology leadership. Our research and development efforts are focused on maintaining and developing additional functionality for our existing products and on new product development, including new releases and upgrades to our EOS software and applications. We expect our sales and marketing expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to expand our sales and marketing efforts worldwide. Our operating expenses consist of research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses, with the largest component being personnel costs. We have experienced unpredictability in the timing of large orders, especially with respect to our large end customers, due to the complexity of orders, the time it takes end customers to evaluate, test, qualify, and accept our products, and factors specific to our end customers. We continue to work with these customers to complete their qualification activities and improve the redesigns in order to meet customer requirements. We expect our gross margins to fluctuate over time, depending on various factors, including sales to large end customers who generally receive lower pricing, manufacturing-related costs, and the mix of products sold. Our cloud networking solutions are designed to enhance operational efficiency and support business transformation, enabling customers to achieve performance gains and respond to market dynamics effectively. We believe that our existing balances of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, together with cash generated from operations, will be sufficient to meet our working capital requirements and our growth strategies for at least the next 12 months. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our growth rate, the timing and extent of our spending to support research and development activities, and the introduction of new and enhanced product and service offerings. We regularly evaluate our exposure for inventory write-downs and adequacy of our contract manufacturer liabilities, which could have an adverse impact on our gross margins and profitability. Our cloud networking platform is positioned to leverage the investments made by merchant silicon vendors to achieve cost-effective solutions, thereby enhancing our IT capabilities and supporting our strategic resource allocation.