We are a global market leader in the design, development, manufacture, sale, service, and support of commercial jetliners, military aircraft, satellites, missile defense, human space flight, and launch systems and services. Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses, supplemented and supported by Boeing Capital. We focus on producing products and providing services that the market demands, continuing to find new ways to improve efficiency and quality. BDS integrates its resources in defense, intelligence, communications, security, space, and services to deliver capability-driven solutions to its customers at reduced costs. Our BDS strategy is to leverage our core businesses to capture key next-generation programs while expanding our presence in adjacent and international markets, underscored by an intense focus on growth and productivity. The commercial jet airplane market and the airline industry remain extremely competitive, with market liberalization enabling low-cost airlines to gain market share and increasing pressure on airfares. This results in continued cost pressures for all airlines and price pressure on our products. Major productivity gains are essential to ensure a favorable market position at acceptable profit margins. Continued access to global markets remains vital to our ability to fully realize our sales potential and long-term investment returns. We are focused on improving our products and services and continuing our cost-reduction efforts, which enhances our ability to compete. We expect the market to grow by around 3.5% annually, with airlines using data analytics to plan flight operations and predictive maintenance to improve productivity and efficiency. The U.S. government services market is the single largest individual market, comprising over 50 percent of the government services markets served. Our BGS business includes a variety of development programs which have complex design and technical challenges. Many of these programs have cost-type contracting arrangements, with financial risks primarily in reduced fees, lower profit rates, or program cancellation if cost, schedule, or technical performance issues arise. The introduction of new aircraft and derivatives involves increased risks associated with meeting development, production, and certification schedules. Our ability to deliver aircraft on time, satisfy performance and reliability standards, and achieve or maintain program profitability is subject to significant risks. We continue to evaluate the viability of the 747 program and it is reasonably possible that we could decide to end production of the 747. Our BCC segment revenues consist principally of lease income from equipment under operating lease, interest income from financing receivables and notes, and other income, with earnings from operations in 2017 increasing primarily due to lower asset impairment and depreciation expenses. We have substantial borrowing capacity, and any future borrowings may affect our credit ratings and are subject to various debt covenants. We anticipate that our ability to access external capital resources should be sufficient to satisfy existing short-term and long-term commitments and plans, providing adequate financial flexibility to take advantage of potential strategic business opportunities. We believe that the cost and revenue estimates incorporated in the consolidated financial statements are appropriate, although the technical complexity of our airplane programs creates financial risk as additional completion costs may become necessary or scheduled delivery dates could be extended.