Our investments in merchandise pricing can, from time to time, include reducing prices on merchandise to drive sales or meet competition and holding prices steady despite cost increases instead of passing the increases on to our members, all negatively impacting near-term gross margin as a percentage of net sales. The health of the economies in which we do business, especially the United States, is a substantial factor in sales growth. Our e-commerce business growth both domestically and internationally has also increased our sales. Our philosophy is to provide our members with quality goods and services at the most competitive prices. We believe that we have been successful historically in adapting our business to changes in competition, such as through adjustments to our pricing and to our merchandise mix, including increasing the penetration of our private label items. Our operating model is generally the same across our U.S., Canada, and other international operating segments. We account for membership fee revenue on a deferred basis, recognized ratably over the one-year membership period. Our financial performance depends heavily on our ability to control costs. Certain significant costs are partially outside our control, particularly health care and utility expenses. We believe that achieving our longer-term objectives of reducing employee turnover and enhancing employee satisfaction requires maintaining compensation levels that are better than the industry average for much of our workforce. Our central operating costs were higher primarily due to increased costs associated with our information systems modernization, including increased depreciation for projects placed in service, incurred by our U.S. operations. This was largely due to higher central operating costs, predominantly due to costs associated with our information systems modernization. Our investments in information systems are essential for supporting our operational efficiency and enhancing our capabilities in managing data and customer relationships. The improvement in terms in our current co-brand agreement compared to the prior co-brand arrangement led to substantial year-over-year benefits in fiscal 2017. The segment gross margin percentage in our Canadian operations increased, primarily due to increases in warehouse ancillary and other businesses, primarily our pharmacy business, partially offset by a decrease in our core merchandise categories, largely fresh foods. We have not provided for U.S. deferred taxes on cumulative undistributed earnings of certain non-U.S. consolidated subsidiaries. We may repatriate such earnings to the extent we can do so without an adverse tax consequence. Our cash flow provided by operations is primarily derived from net sales and membership fees. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities for 2017 when compared to 2016 was primarily due to accelerated vendor payments made in advance of implementing our modernized accounting system. Our primary requirement for capital is acquiring land, buildings, and equipment for new and remodeled warehouses. To a lesser extent, capital is required for initial warehouse operations, our information systems, and working capital. We expect these expenditures to be financed with cash from operations, existing cash and cash equivalents, and short-term investments. We believe that our cash position and operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our liquidity and capital requirements for the foreseeable future. Our operating model is generally the same across our U.S., Canada, and other international operating segments, and we expect to continue leveraging our IT capabilities to enhance operational efficiency and support business strategies.