The continuing shift from an offline to online world has contributed to the growth of our business since inception, resulting in increasing revenues, and we expect that this online shift will continue to benefit our business. As online advertising evolves, we continue to expand our product offerings which may impact our monetization. As interactions between users and advertisers change and as online user behavior evolves, we continue to expand and evolve our product offerings to serve their changing needs. We seek to expand our products and services to stay in front of this shift in order to maintain and grow our business. We continue to make significant research and development (R&D) investments in areas of strategic focus such as advertising, cloud, machine learning, and search, as well as in new products and services. The amount of our capital expenditures has fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate in the long term as we invest heavily in our systems, data centers, real estate and facilities, and information technology infrastructure. Our employees are among our best assets and are critical for our continued success. Their energy and talent drive Alphabet and create our success. We expect to continue hiring talented employees around the globe and to provide competitive compensation programs to our employees. We expect that R&D expenses will increase in dollar amount and may fluctuate as a percentage of revenues in future periods. We expect cost of revenues to increase in dollar amount and as a percentage of total revenues in future periods based on a number of factors, including Google network members TAC rates, which are affected by the continued underlying shift in advertising buying from our traditional network business to programmatic advertising buying which carries higher TAC. The increase in the aggregate TAC rate was also partially offset by a favorable revenue mix shift from Google network members' properties to Google properties. We expect that sales and marketing expenses will increase in dollar amount and may fluctuate as a percentage of revenues in future periods. Our international revenues represent a significant portion of our revenues and are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar. While we have a foreign exchange risk management program designed to reduce our exposure to these fluctuations, this program does not fully offset their effect on our revenues and earnings. Our non-advertising revenues have grown over time, and we expect this trend to continue as we focus on expanding our offerings to our users through products and services like Google Cloud, Google Play, hardware products, and YouTube subscriptions. The margins on these non-advertising businesses vary significantly and may be lower than the margins on our advertising business. The growth was primarily driven by increases in mobile search resulting from ongoing growth in user adoption and usage, as well as continued growth in advertiser activity. The positive impact on our revenues from an increase in paid clicks was partially offset by a decrease in the cost-per-click paid by our advertisers. The decrease in cost-per-click was primarily driven by continued growth in YouTube engagement ads where cost-per-click remains lower than on our other advertising platforms. Our Google properties revenues increased due to growth in the adoption of YouTube engagement ads, improvements we have made in ad formats and delivery, and continued global expansion of our products, advertisers, and user base across all platforms, particularly mobile.