Our growth strategy depends upon our ability to initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends, to enter new markets, and to drive broad adoption of the products and services we develop and market. As we continue transitioning to offer more connected services, the ongoing operation and availability of our information technology and communication systems and those of our external service providers is becoming increasingly important. We are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities. We continue to invest in security and to work with the broader industry and government to protect our customers against this type of fraud. The industry in which we operate is dynamic and highly competitive, characterized by rapid technological change, shifting customer needs, and frequent new product introductions and enhancements. Competitive interest and expertise in many of the markets we serve have grown markedly over the past few years and we expect this trend to continue. Our business is subject to significant seasonality, and we believe that the seasonality of our business is likely to continue in the future. We expect connected services revenue as a percentage of our total revenue to continue to grow in the future. Our consumer tax offerings have significant seasonal patterns, and we expect the seasonality of our consumer tax business to continue to have a significant impact on our quarterly financial results in the future. We believe that an understanding of these trends is important in order to understand our financial results for fiscal 2017 as well as our future prospects. Our future growth increasingly depends on the strength of our third-party business relationships and our ability to continue to develop, maintain, and strengthen new and existing relationships. We are investing significant resources in our product development, marketing, and sales capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. We help customers manage their financial lives, which involves risks associated with the hosting, collection, use, and retention of personal customer information and data. The markets for software and related services, especially highly-available connected services, are characterized by rapid technological change, shifting customer needs, and frequent new product introductions and enhancements. Our connected services offerings have generally grown faster than those for our traditional desktop software offerings, reflecting our strategic focus on connected services over the past few years. We are investing significant resources in our product development, marketing, and sales capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. The ongoing operation and availability of our information technology and communication systems is becoming increasingly important. We are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. Our cash, cash equivalents, and investments totaled $777 million at July 31, 2017, and we believe that our cash and cash equivalents, investments, and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to meet anticipated seasonal working capital needs, capital expenditure requirements, contractual obligations, commitments, debt service requirements, and other liquidity requirements associated with our operations for at least the next 12 months. We evaluate, on an ongoing basis, the merits of acquiring technology or businesses, or establishing strategic relationships with and investing in other companies. Our strong liquidity profile enables us to respond nimbly to these kinds of opportunities.