Information technology (IT) capabilities have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. IT capability is a firm's ability to acquire, deploy, combine, and reconfigure IT resources in support and enhancement of business strategies and work processes. We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. At its core, the notion of IT capability underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with, and leveraging the value of, other resources and capabilities. A firm’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. Our technology is designed to provide surgeons with a range of motion of minimally invasive surgery (MIS) instruments in the surgical field analogous to the motions of a human wrist, while filtering out the tremor inherent in a surgeon's hand. We have commercialized the following da Vinci surgical systems: the da Vinci standard surgical system, the da Vinci S surgical system, the da Vinci Si surgical system, the da Vinci Xi surgical system, and the da Vinci X surgical system. These systems include a surgeon's console, imaging electronics, a patient-side cart, and computational hardware and software. We offer advanced instrumentation for the da Vinci Si, da Vinci Xi, and da Vinci X platforms, including the EndoWrist vessel sealer and EndoWrist stapler products, to provide surgeons with sophisticated, computer-aided tools to precisely and efficiently interact with tissue. Our strategy is to provide hospitals with attractive clinical and economic solutions in each of these procedure categories. We believe that our modest growth in gynecologic procedures over the past several years was primarily driven by consolidation of surgical volumes into surgeons that focus on cancer and complex surgeries, as well as higher sacrocolpopexy procedure volume. We have been investing in our business in the outside U.S. market, and our outside U.S. procedures have grown faster in proportion to U.S. procedures. We expect that our outside U.S. procedures and revenue will make up a greater portion of our business in the long term. Our research and development expenses increased by 37% to $328.6 million, compared with $239.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2016. The increase was primarily due to higher personnel and other project costs to support a broader set of product development initiatives, including our da Vinci single port surgical system; robotic-assisted catheter-based medical devices; advanced imaging and analytics; advanced instrumentation; future generations of robotics; and expense related to licensed intellectual property. We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents, and investment balances, together with income to be derived from the sale of our products, will be sufficient to meet our liquidity requirements beyond one year and for the foreseeable future. Future demand for da Vinci surgical systems will be impacted by factors including hospital response to the evolving healthcare environment under the current U.S. administration, procedure growth rates, hospital consolidation trends, evolving system utilization and point of care dynamics, capital replacement trends, additional reimbursements in various global markets, including Japan, and the timing of governmental tenders and authorizations, including China.