In 2017, we continued to focus on our three main revenue growth priorities: helping businesses expand their use of our mobile products, developing innovative ad products that help businesses get the most of their ad campaigns, and making our ads more relevant and effective through our targeting capabilities and outcome-based measurement. We continued to invest, based on our roadmap, in our most developed ecosystem, the Facebook app and platform as well as video, driving growth and building ecosystems around our products and features that already have significant user bases, such as Instagram, Messenger, and WhatsApp, and long-term technology initiatives, such as connectivity, artificial intelligence, and augmented and virtual reality. We anticipate that additional investments in the following areas will drive significant year-over-year expense growth in 2018: increased investments in security, video content, and our long-term technology initiatives, and scaling our headcount and expanding our data center capacity and office facilities to support our growth. The increase in average price per ad was driven by an increase in demand for our ad inventory; factors contributing to this include an increase in spend from existing marketers and an increase in the number of marketers actively advertising on our platform as well as the quality, relevance, and performance of those ads. The increase in the ads delivered was driven by an increase in users and their engagement and an increase in the number and frequency of ads displayed on news feed, partially offset by increasing user engagement with video content and other product changes. We believe that this seasonality in advertising spending affects our quarterly results, which generally reflect significant growth in advertising revenue between the third and fourth quarters and a decline in advertising spending between the fourth and subsequent first quarters. The majority of the increase in operational expenses related to our data centers and technical infrastructure and, to a lesser extent, higher costs associated with partnership agreements, including content acquisition costs, and ads payment processing. We plan to continue to hire software engineers and other technical employees, and to increase our investment to support our research and development initiatives. Our marketing and sales expenses increased due to increases in payroll and benefits expenses as a result of a 35% increase in employee headcount from December 31, 2016 to December 31, 2017 in our marketing and sales functions, and increases in our consulting and other professional service fees. We expect to continue to accrue unrecognized tax benefits for certain recurring tax positions and anticipate that the amount for future quarters accrued will be similar to amounts accrued in 2017. Our principal sources of liquidity are our cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, and cash generated from operations. We anticipate making capital expenditures in 2018 of approximately $14.0 billion to $15.0 billion. Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, costs and expenses, and related disclosures. We believe that the assumptions and estimates associated with income taxes, loss contingencies, and business combinations and valuation of goodwill and other acquired intangible assets have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated financial statements. We intend to continue to invest based on this roadmap and we anticipate that additional investments in the following areas will drive significant year-over-year expense growth in 2018.