The management's discussion and analysis highlights that our IT capabilities have been evolving to encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes along with their interfirm transactions and relationships. Our ability to acquire, deploy, combine, and reconfigure IT resources supports and enhances our business strategies and work processes. We emphasize our information management capability, which is the ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access, while tailoring these in response to changing business needs and directions. The notion of IT capability underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. Our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. The discussion on liquidity and capital resources indicates that to develop new product and process technology, support future growth, achieve operating efficiencies, and maintain product quality, we must continue to invest in manufacturing technologies, facilities, and equipment, and R&D. We estimate expenditures for property, plant, and equipment to be focused on technology transitions and product enablement. The strong market conditions have driven higher sales, enabled by improvements in product and process technology and solid execution, reflecting our operational efficiency and capability enhancement. Our gross margin percentage increased due to manufacturing cost reductions from improvements in product and process technology. The ability to meet demand is attributed to increases in production, primarily from the ramp of capacity and improvements in product and process technology, including our transition to 3D NAND products. Our research and development expenses reflect net reductions from reimbursements under cost-sharing arrangements, indicating strategic resource allocation and management capability in technology development. The assessment of our estimated useful lives of property, plant, and equipment and the revision of these estimates demonstrate our focus on operational flexibility and efficiency. The management continues to evaluate future projected financial performance to support strategic decisions regarding resource investment and capability development. Our investments are diversified among industries and individual issuers, mitigating credit risk and ensuring operational resilience. The ongoing evaluation of alternatives for efficiently funding our capital expenditures and operations reflects our commitment to maintaining market agility and responsiveness to external influences. The discussion of contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements indicates our strategic management practices in managing financial activities and investments. The emphasis on technology management and the integration of IT systems into our operational framework illustrates our commitment to enhancing organizational effectiveness and performance outcomes.