We continue to invest significant resources toward advancements primarily in support of 4G OFDMA- and 5G-based technologies as well as other technologies to extend the demand for our products and generate new or expanded licensing opportunities, including within adjacent industry segments outside traditional cellular industries, such as automotive, the Internet of Things (IoT), and networking. We expect continued growth in the coming years in consumer demand for 3G, 3G/4G multimode, and 4G products and services around the world, driven primarily by smartphones. We also expect growth in new device categories and industries, driven by the expanding adoption of certain technologies that are already commonly used in smartphones by industry segments outside traditional cellular industries. Our business and operating segments develop and commercialize foundational technologies and products used in mobile devices and other wireless products, including network equipment, broadband gateway equipment, and consumer electronics devices. We derive revenues principally from sales of integrated circuit products and licensing our intellectual property, including patents, software, and other rights. Our QCT segment develops and supplies integrated circuits and system software based on CDMA, OFDMA, and other technologies for use in mobile devices, wireless networks, devices used in IoT, broadband gateway equipment, consumer electronic devices, and automotive telematics and infotainment systems. We expect our business, particularly QCT, to continue to be impacted by industry dynamics, including concentration of device share among a few companies within the premium tier, resulting in significant supply chain leverage for those companies, and decisions by companies to utilize their own internally-developed integrated circuit products, increasing competition. We continue to devote resources to working with and educating participants in the wireless value chain and governments as to the benefits of our business model and our extensive technology investments in promoting a highly competitive and innovative wireless industry. We are also investing in targeted opportunities that leverage our existing technical and business expertise to deploy new business models and enter and/or expand into new industry segments. Our strategic investments and acquisitions may vary significantly to open new opportunities for our technologies, obtain development resources, grow our patent portfolio, or pursue new businesses. We expect that certain companies may continue to be dissatisfied with the need to pay reasonable royalties for the use of our technology and not welcome the success of our business model in enabling new, highly cost-effective competitors to their products. The increase in accounts receivable and related days sales outstanding were primarily due to the short payment in the second quarter of fiscal 2017 of royalties reported by and deemed collectible from Apple’s contract manufacturers. We believe that the conclusion of new agreements with these companies will result in improved reporting by these licensees. We have made substantial progress in reaching agreements with many companies, primarily in China. However, negotiations with certain licensees and unlicensed companies are ongoing. We believe our increased efforts in the areas of compliance will improve reporting but will also result in increased costs to the business. We expect to continue making strategic investments and acquisitions, the amounts of which could vary significantly, to open new opportunities for our technologies, obtain development resources, grow our patent portfolio or pursue new businesses.