The un-carrier strategy is about adding value to the customer relationship by changing the rules of the industry and giving customers more. Our ability to acquire and retain branded customers is important to our business in the generation of revenues, and we believe our un-carrier strategy, along with ongoing network improvements, has been successful in attracting and retaining customers as evidenced by continued branded customer growth and improved branded postpaid phone and branded prepaid customer churn. The increase in service revenues was primarily due to growth in our average branded customer base as a result of strong customer response to our un-carrier initiatives, promotions, and the success of our MetroPCS brand. We continue to assess the damage of the hurricanes and work with our insurance carriers to submit claims for property damage and business interruption. The increase in branded postpaid revenues was primarily driven by a 7% increase in average branded postpaid phone customers, primarily from growth in our customer base driven by the continued strong customer response to our un-carrier initiatives and promotions for services and devices. The negative impact from hurricanes was approximately $37 million. The increase in average revenue per device sold was due to higher average revenue per device sold and an increase from customer purchases of leased devices at the end of the lease term. Our operating expenses consist of costs directly attributable to providing wireless service through the operation of our network, including direct switch and cell site costs, maintenance, and associated labor costs. The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily from higher commissions, employee-related costs, promotional and advertising costs, and costs related to outsourced functions and managed services to support our growing customer base. Adjusted EBITDA increased primarily from an increase in branded postpaid and prepaid service revenues primarily due to strong customer response to our un-carrier initiatives, the ongoing success of our promotional activities, and the continued strength of our MetroPCS brand. The increase in other revenues was primarily due to higher revenue from revenue share agreements with third parties. We expect cash purchases of property and equipment to be in the range of $4.9 billion to $5.3 billion in 2018, including expenditures for 5G deployment. Our liquidity requirements have been driven primarily by capital expenditures for spectrum licenses and the construction, expansion, and upgrading of our network infrastructure. We maintain vendor financing arrangements with our primary network equipment suppliers, which allow for extended financing terms. The future minimum payments for all cell site leases include payments due for the initial non-cancelable lease term only, as they represent the payments which we cannot avoid at our option. We believe that current and future regulatory changes have made the lifeline program offered by our wholesale partners uneconomical. We will continue to support our wholesale partners offering the lifeline program but have excluded the lifeline customers from our reported wholesale subscriber base. We regularly review and update our projections for changes in current and projected financial and operating results, general economic conditions, the competitive landscape, and other factors. The most significant assumptions within the valuation models for impairment tests require the use of assumptions and estimates, which involve a degree of uncertainty. The increase in branded prepaid revenues was primarily driven by a 7% increase in average branded prepaid customers primarily driven by growth in the customer base.