We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. Our decision to advance vx-659 and vx-445 was based on available clinical and nonclinical data, including data from an ongoing phase 2 clinical program, and regulatory discussions are ongoing to finalize the design of the phase 3 development programs for vx-659 and vx-445. We believe that pursuing research in diverse areas allows us to balance the risks inherent in drug development and may provide drug candidates that will form our pipeline in future years. We have a corporate compliance program designed to actively identify, prevent and mitigate risk through the implementation of compliance policies and systems, and through the promotion of a culture of compliance. We continue to engage in discussions with numerous commercial insurers and managed health care organizations, along with government health programs that are typically managed by authorities in the individual states. We expect to continue investing in our research programs and fostering scientific innovation in order to identify and develop transformative medicines for people with serious diseases. Our research and development expenses include internal and external costs incurred for research and development of our drugs and drug candidates. We closely monitor the results of our discovery, research, clinical trials and nonclinical studies and frequently evaluate our drug development programs in light of new data and scientific, business and commercial insights, with the objective of balancing risk and potential. Our collaborative revenues included a $230.0 million in revenues related to the one-time upfront payment earned in the first quarter of 2017 from Merck KGaA and a $25.0 million milestone related to our license agreement with Janssen, Inc. for the treatment of influenza. We have entered into collaborations with biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies in order to acquire rights or to license drug candidates or technologies that enhance our pipeline and/or our research capabilities. We expect that our future cash flows will be substantially dependent on our CF product sales. We may raise additional capital through public offerings or private placements of our securities or securing new collaborative agreements or other methods of financing. We expect to continue to devote substantial resources to maintain, administer and expand these compliance programs globally. Our investments in drug candidates are subject to considerable risks, and we will continue to evaluate our ongoing programs and potential new programs, as well as those of our competitors. We believe that the triple combination regimens we are evaluating could potentially provide benefits to all CF patients who have at least one f508del mutation in their CFTR gene. Our total research expenses have been affected by research expenses associated with our business development activities, which are reflected in collaboration and asset acquisition payments. We expect our development expenses, excluding collaboration and asset acquisition payments, to increase in 2018 as compared to 2017 due to expenses related to the advancement of our triple combination regimens into phase 3 development. The successful development of our drug candidates is highly uncertain and subject to a number of risks. We have a number of ongoing research and development programs in other diseases that we are conducting independently or in collaboration with third parties. Our collaborative revenues have historically fluctuated significantly from one period to another and may continue to fluctuate in the future. We utilize the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes, and we maintain a valuation allowance on the majority of our net operating losses and other deferred tax assets.