Our businesses host, collect, use and store personal information about our clients and employees of our clients, and a security or privacy breach may damage or disrupt our businesses, result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage our reputation, increase our costs and cause losses. We are focused on ensuring our operating environments safeguard and protect personal and business information, and although we believe that we maintain a robust program of information security and controls and none of the threats that we have encountered to date have materially impacted us, the impact of a breach could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We have disaster recovery, business continuity, and crisis management plans and procedures designed to protect our businesses against a multitude of events including natural disasters, military or terrorist actions, power or communication failures, or similar events. Despite our preparations, our plans may not be successful in preventing the loss of client data, service interruptions, disruptions to our operations, or damage to our important facilities. Our businesses operate in industries that are subject to rapid technological advances and changing client needs and preferences. In order to remain competitive and responsive to client demands, we continually upgrade, enhance, and expand our existing solutions and services. If we fail to respond successfully to technology challenges, the demand for our services may diminish. The proposed spin-off of our dealer services business is subject to inherent risks and uncertainties including, among others: risks that the spin-off will not be consummated; increased demands on our management team to accomplish the spin-off; and significant transaction costs and risks from changes in the results of operations of our reportable segments. Our ability to grow and provide our clients with competitive services is partially dependent on our ability to attract and retain highly motivated people with the skills to serve our clients. Competition for skilled employees in the outsourcing and other markets in which we operate is intense and, if we are unable to attract and retain highly skilled and motivated personnel, results of our operations may suffer. We believe that the separation of the dealer services business will allow both companies to focus on their respective businesses, industries, and strategic opportunities and we will further direct our attention and resources to our mission and three strategic pillars. Our strategic pillars are to grow our integrated suite of cloud-based HCM, benefits, and payroll solutions to serve the U.S. market; invest to grow and scale our HR business process outsourcing solutions by leveraging our platforms and processes; and leverage our global presence to offer clients HCM, benefits, and payroll solutions where they do business. Our focus on product innovation and improvements in salesforce productivity led to growth in new business bookings. We are pleased with the performance of our business segments, which have continued to drive good revenue growth and pretax margin expansion. We continue to enhance value to our shareholders, and in fiscal 2014 returned excess cash through dividends and share buyback programs. Our financial condition and balance sheet remain solid, with cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities of $4.1 billion. We have a strong business model with a high percentage of recurring revenues, excellent margins, the ability to generate consistent, healthy cash flows, strong client retention, and low capital expenditure requirements. We believe that we currently meet all conditions set forth in the committed reverse repurchase agreements to borrow thereunder, and we are not aware of any conditions that would prevent us from borrowing part or all of the $3.25 billion available to us under the committed reverse repurchase agreements. Our investment strategy is structured to allow us to average our way through an interest rate cycle by laddering the maturities of our investments out to five years and out to ten years.