We face intense competition as our businesses are rapidly evolving and intensely competitive, which places significant strain on our management, operational, financial, and other resources. Our expansion into new products, services, technologies, and geographic regions subjects us to additional business, legal, financial, and competitive risks. We may not be able to manage growth effectively, which could damage our reputation, limit our growth, and negatively affect our operating results. Our revenue growth may not be sustainable, and our percentage growth rates may decrease due to changes in customer preferences or a weakening of the U.S. or global economies. We may experience significant fluctuations in our operating results and growth rate, and our ability to retain and increase sales to existing customers, attract new customers, and satisfy our customers' demands is critical. Our international operations expose us to a number of risks, including local economic and political conditions, government regulation, and compliance with various laws and regulations. We may not be able to negotiate acceptable terms with shipping companies, which could negatively impact our operating results and customer experience. Our reliance on third parties for fulfillment services increases the complexity of tracking inventory and operating our fulfillment centers. We are increasingly reliant on the reliability and quality of third-party services, and our failure to properly handle inventory could result in unexpected costs and harm to our business and reputation. The seasonality of our business places increased strain on our operations, and if we do not stock or restock popular products in sufficient amounts, it could significantly affect our revenue and future growth. We expect a disproportionate amount of our net sales to occur during our fourth quarter, and system interruptions may occur if too many customers access our websites within a short period of time. Our business could suffer if we are unsuccessful in making, integrating, and maintaining commercial agreements, strategic alliances, and other business relationships. We may not be able to enter into additional commercial relationships and strategic alliances on favorable terms, and our present and future e-commerce services agreements create additional risks such as disruption of our ongoing business and variability in revenue and income. Our international activities are significant to our revenues and profits, and we plan to further expand internationally, which involves unique risks. We face risks related to system interruption and lack of redundancy, and our computer and communications systems could be damaged or interrupted by various events. Our ability to optimize and operate our fulfillment and data centers is crucial, and failure to do so could result in excess or insufficient capacity, increased costs, or harm to our business. We face significant inventory risk due to seasonality, new product launches, and changes in consumer demand, which may adversely affect our operating results. Our supplier relationships subject us to risks, and we may be unable to procure alternatives from other suppliers in a timely manner. We are subject to various procurement regulations and requirements related to government contracts, and violations could result in penalties. We could be subject to product liability claims, and our business could be harmed by data loss or other security breaches. We experience occasional system interruptions that may reduce our net sales and the attractiveness of our products and services.