We have encountered and will continue to encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by rapidly growing companies in constantly evolving industries, including the risks described elsewhere in this amended annual report on form 10-k/a. Our success will depend in part upon our ability to manage our growth effectively. To do so, we must continue to increase the productivity of our existing employees and continue to hire, train and manage new employees as needed. Our business and operations have experienced rapid growth, and if we do not appropriately manage any future growth or are unable to improve our systems and processes, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects will be adversely affected. We may not be able to successfully implement improvements to our systems and processes in an efficient or timely manner, and we may discover deficiencies in their capabilities or effectiveness. Our failure to improve our systems and processes, or their failure to operate effectively and in the intended manner, may result in disruption of our current operations and end-customer relationships, our inability to manage the growth of our business and our inability to accurately forecast our revenue, expenses and earnings and prevent certain losses. We believe that our future success will depend on many factors, including our ability to expand sales to our existing customers as well as to add new end customers. Our ability to sustain our revenue growth will depend, in part, upon our continued sales of more robust configurations of our products, and quarterly results of operations can be significantly impacted by the mix of products and product configurations sold during the period. We expect to continue to derive a growing portion of our sales through our channel partners as they develop new end customers and expand sales to our existing end customers. We believe that increasing channel leverage will extend and improve our engagement with a broad set of customers. Our ability to grow our business and our future success will depend to a significant extent on our ability to expand our operations and customer base worldwide. We have a limited history of marketing, selling and supporting our products and services internationally. Our ability to sell our products is highly dependent on the quality of our support and services offerings, and our failure to offer high-quality support and services could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We are currently involved in litigation that may materially adversely affect us. Our products are very complex and despite testing prior to their release, they have contained and may contain undetected defects or errors, especially when first introduced or when new versions are released. Product defects or errors could affect the performance of our products and could delay the development or release of new products or new versions of products, adversely affect our reputation and our end customers' willingness to buy products from us and adversely affect market acceptance or perception of our products. We expect our gross margins to fluctuate over time, depending on various factors, including sales to large end customers who generally receive lower pricing, the average sales price of our offerings, manufacturing costs, merchant silicon costs and the mix of products sold. We believe that our cloud networking platform addresses the large and growing cloud networking segment of data center switching, which remains in the early stage of adoption. We intend to continue investing in our research and development organization to enhance the functionality of our existing cloud networking platform, introduce new products and features and build upon our technology leadership. We expect to continue to invest heavily in software development in order to expand the capabilities of our cloud networking platform, introduce new products including new releases and upgrades to our eos software and new applications and build upon our technology leadership.