We face intense competition from other manufacturers, including for both innovative medicines and lower-priced generic products. Competition is a major global challenge and includes technological advances and patents attained by our competitors, clinical study results from our products or a competitor's products that affect the value proposition for our products, and competing interests for external partnerships to develop and bring new products to markets. We could also experience limited or blocked market access due to real or perceived differences in value propositions for our products compared with competitors. The failure to obtain patent and other intellectual property rights, or limitations on the use or loss of such rights, could be material to us. We may experience difficulties or delays in the development and commercialization of new products. Developing and commercializing new compounds and products include inherent risks and uncertainties, including efficacy and safety concerns, delayed or denied regulatory approvals, and changes in regulatory approval processes that may cause delays or denials of new product approvals. Our success is largely dependent on our continued ability to attract and retain highly qualified scientific, technical, and management personnel. We cannot be sure that we will be able to attract and retain quality personnel or that the costs of doing so will not materially increase. We depend on several key products for most of our revenues, cash flows, and earnings. Our dependence on the profitability of our products is likely to continue. We continue to evolve our business to a leading diversified specialty biopharmaceutical company. The evolution was accelerated as a result of the diabetes business divestiture and continued focus on certain therapeutic areas, including immuno-oncology. Our revenues decreased as a result of the diabetes business divestiture, exclusivity losses, and expiration of rights partially offset by higher sales of key products. We expect these products will continue to grow along with others, which will partially offset revenue reductions resulting from the expiration of certain rights. We are developing new medicines in core therapeutic areas and continue to invest significantly in our deep pipeline of innovative medicines. We are evolving our commercial model and growing our marketed product portfolio in a manner consistent with our overall strategy. We continue to manage our operating cash flows by focusing on working capital items that are most directly affected by changes in sales volume, such as receivables, inventories, and accounts payable. Our exposure with certain European government-backed entities has a higher risk of default. We continue to monitor the potential impact of the economic conditions in certain European countries and the related impact on prescription trends, pricing discounts, creditworthiness of our customers, and our ability to collect outstanding receivables. We have invested in industry-appropriate protections and monitoring practices of our data and information technology to reduce risks. We have established a company-wide policy to limit our sales to direct customers for the purpose of complying with the SEC consent order. This policy includes various procedures to monitor and limit sales to direct customers in accordance with the terms of the consent. We believe the above-described procedures provide a reasonable basis to ensure compliance with the consent. The management of the U.S. debt and the European sovereign debt poses significant challenges to our growth and profitability and are difficult to mitigate. We are also exposed to other commercial risks and economic factors over which we do not have any control, which could pose significant challenges to our underlying profitability.