Our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. We face intense competition and may not be able to keep pace with the rapid technological changes in the medical devices industry, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. The medical device markets in which we primarily participate are characterized by extensive research and development and rapid technological change. We are required to devote continued efforts and financial resources to develop or acquire scientifically advanced technologies and products, apply our technologies cost-effectively across product lines and markets, obtain patent and other protection for our technologies and products, obtain required regulatory and reimbursement approvals, and successfully manufacture and market our products consistent with our quality standards. We derive a significant portion of our net sales from the sale of drug-eluting coronary stent systems and CRM products. Declines in market size, average selling prices, procedural volumes, and our share of the markets in which we compete; increased competition; market perceptions of studies published by third parties; or product launch delays may materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Consolidation in the healthcare industry could lead to increased demands for price concessions or limit or eliminate our ability to sell to certain of our significant market segments, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We expect that market demand, government regulation, third-party coverage and reimbursement policies, government contracting requirements, and societal pressures will continue to change the worldwide healthcare industry, resulting in further business consolidations and alliances among our customers, which may increase competition, exert further downward pressure on the prices of our products, and may adversely impact our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Our international operations are subject to a number of market, business, financial, legal, and regulatory risks and uncertainties with respect to our international operations that could have a material impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could have a material impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We cannot be certain that the businesses we acquire will become profitable or remain so, and if our acquisitions are not successful, we may record related asset impairment charges in the future. We may not be successful in our strategy relating to future strategic acquisitions of, investments in, or alliances with, other companies and businesses, which have been a significant source of historical growth for us, and will be key to our diversification into new markets and technologies. Our strategic acquisitions, investments, and alliances are intended to further expand our ability to offer customers effective, high-quality medical devices that satisfy their interventional needs. We cannot guarantee that the activities under the 2014 restructuring plan or other restructuring and optimization initiatives that we may undertake in the future will result in the desired efficiencies and estimated cost savings. Current domestic and international economic conditions could adversely affect our cash flows and results of operations. Our customers may experience financial difficulties or be unable to borrow money to fund their operations, which may adversely impact their ability or decision to purchase our products, particularly capital equipment, or to pay for our products they do purchase on a timely basis, if at all. We rely on the proper function, availability, and security of information technology systems to operate our business, and a cyber-attack or other breach of these systems could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Our share price has been volatile and may fluctuate, and accordingly, the value of an investment in our common stock may also fluctuate. If we are unable to attract, retain, and focus key personnel, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results from operations.