The company is sensitive to general economic conditions, and slower global economic growth, actual or anticipated default on sovereign debt, and volatility in the currency and credit markets may adversely affect its business and financial statements. The company has implemented multiple significant restructuring activities across its businesses to adjust its cost structure, which could slow improvements in products and services and limit its ability to respond to customers. The company expects that its growth could suffer if the markets into which it sells its products and services decline or do not grow as anticipated. The company faces intense competition, and if it is unable to compete effectively, it may experience decreased demand and decreased market share. The company's growth depends in part on the timely development and commercialization of new and enhanced products and services based on technological innovation. The company must correctly identify customer needs and preferences and predict future needs and preferences to maintain its competitive advantage. The company relies on its ability to innovate and develop new technologies and applications, and it must successfully commercialize these technologies in a timely manner. The company is also subject to various laws regulating fraud and abuse, pricing, and sales and marketing practices in the healthcare industry, and failure to comply with these regulations could adversely affect its reputation and financial statements. The company’s operations, products, and services expose it to environmental, health, and safety liabilities, costs, and violations that could adversely affect its reputation and financial statements. The company continually assesses the strategic fit of its existing businesses and may divest, spin-off, or otherwise dispose of businesses that are deemed not to fit with its strategic plan. The company is pursuing a plan to distribute ownership of its communications business to shareholders and merge the business into a subsidiary of another company, which may not achieve the intended benefits. The company’s international business is subject to risks that are customarily encountered in non-U.S. operations, including changes in a country's or region's political or economic conditions, trade protection measures, and unexpected changes in laws or regulatory requirements. The company relies on information technology systems to manage or support critical business processes and activities, and disruptions to these systems could adversely affect its business. The company’s defined benefit pension plans are subject to financial market risks that could adversely affect its financial statements. The company believes that it has sufficient liquidity to satisfy its cash needs, including cash needs in the United States, and it expects to continue investing in existing businesses, consummating strategic acquisitions, and managing its capital structure. The company’s ability to access the commercial paper market and the related costs of these borrowings is affected by the strength of its credit rating and market conditions. The company has filed a shelf registration statement with the SEC that registers an indeterminate amount of debt securities for future issuance, which it expects to use for general corporate purposes, including acquisitions and capital expenditures.