We operate in a competitive business environment and may not be able to compete effectively. Our ability to enhance our current products and services and to develop and introduce innovative products and services that address the increasingly sophisticated needs of our clients and their customers will significantly affect our future success. Our business may be adversely impacted by U.S. and global market and economic conditions. A prolonged poor economic environment could result in significant decreases in demand by current and potential clients for our products and services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. The market for our electronic transaction services continues to evolve and may not continue to develop or grow rapidly enough to sustain profitability. If we are unsuccessful in offering products or services that gain market acceptance, it would likely have a material adverse effect on our ability to retain existing clients or attract new ones. Security breaches, computer malware, or other "cyber attacks" could harm our business by disrupting our delivery of services and damaging our reputation. An operational failure in our transaction processing businesses, including our business continuity and disaster recovery capabilities, could harm our business or cause us to lose clients. Interruptions of service could damage our relationship with clients and could cause us to incur substantial expenses. We may experience software defects, development delays, or installation difficulties, which would harm our business and reputation and expose us to potential liability. The complexity of regulations will continue to increase our cost of doing business. We may not be able to fully integrate all aspects of acquired businesses successfully or fully realize the potential benefits of bringing them together. Our ability to attract and retain key personnel is critical, as we depend on the experience, skill, and contributions of our senior management and other key employees. If we fail to attract, motivate, and retain highly qualified management, technical, compliance, and sales personnel, our future success could be harmed. Our products and services require sophisticated knowledge of the financial services industry, applicable regulatory and industry requirements, computer systems, and software applications. The future enactment of more restrictive laws or rules could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We believe that our sizable and diverse client base, combined with our position as a leading provider of non-discretionary, recurring revenue-based products and services, gives us a solid foundation for growth. We anticipate that financial institutions will continue to invest significant capital and human resources to process transactions, manage information, and offer innovative new services to their customers in this rapidly evolving and competitive environment. The integration of our products and services creates a compelling value proposition for our clients. Our focus on long-term client relationships and recurring, transaction-oriented products and services has reduced the impact that consolidation in the financial services industry has had on us. We believe that our products and services can assist financial institutions with the regulatory and market challenges they currently face by providing new sources of revenue and opportunities to reduce their costs.