Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including intense competition and the need to innovate continuously to provide products and services that are useful to users. Competing successfully depends heavily on our ability to rapidly deliver innovative products and technologies to the marketplace and provide products and services that make our search results and ads relevant and useful for our users. The research and development of new, technologically advanced products is a complex and uncertain process requiring high levels of innovation and investment, as well as the accurate anticipation of technology, market trends, and consumer needs. We must continue to invest significant resources in research and development to enhance our search technology and existing products and services, and introduce new offerings that meet user needs. Our ongoing investment in new businesses and new products, services, and technologies is inherently risky and could disrupt our ongoing businesses. The number of people accessing the internet through devices other than desktop computers is increasing dramatically, and if we are unable to develop products and technologies that are compatible with these alternative devices, we will fail to capture opportunities as consumers transition to a dynamic, multi-screen environment. We generate a significant portion of our revenues from advertising, and a reduction in spending by or loss of advertisers could seriously harm our business. Our revenue growth rate could decline over time due to increasing competition, changes in property mix, and challenges in maintaining our growth rate as revenues increase. We are subject to increased regulatory scrutiny that may negatively impact our business, and we regularly face claims, suits, and government investigations that may result in adverse outcomes. Acquisitions are an important element of our overall corporate strategy, but they could result in operating difficulties and other consequences that may adversely impact our business. Our strong brand is critical to our success, and failing to maintain and enhance it could hurt our ability to expand our user base and attract advertisers. We are subject to numerous U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, and any failure to comply could result in significant liabilities. Our international operations expose us to additional risks, including changes in local political, economic, and regulatory conditions. Our business depends on continued access to the internet, and any restrictions or degradation of access could impair our ability to attract users and advertisers. We face a number of manufacturing and supply chain risks that could adversely impact our financial results. The occurrence of natural disasters or other unanticipated problems could result in lengthy service interruptions. Our performance largely depends on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals, and competition for qualified employees is intense. Our future success depends on our ability to retain and motivate key personnel and maintain our corporate culture. We expect to continue to invest heavily in research and development, as well as in our employees, to drive innovation and maintain our competitive advantage.