The risks and uncertainties described could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations and could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. Intense competitive pressures from one or more of our competitors or our inability to adapt effectively and quickly to a changing competitive landscape could affect our prices, our margins, or demand for our products and services. Our success depends in part on our ability to identify and respond promptly to evolving trends in demographics; consumer preferences, expectations, and needs; and unexpected weather conditions, while also managing appropriate inventory levels and maintaining high levels of customer service. We must continually anticipate and adapt to these changes in the purchasing process. Failure to maintain our stores and utilize our store space effectively, to provide a compelling online presence, to timely identify or respond to changing consumer preferences, expectations, and home improvement needs could adversely affect our relationship with customers, our reputation, the demand for our products and services, and our market share. Our ability to control labor costs is subject to numerous external factors, including prevailing wage rates and health and other insurance costs. Our business involves the receipt, storage, and transmission of customers' personal information, and our information systems are vulnerable to an increasing threat of continually evolving cybersecurity risks. We have implemented and regularly review and update processes and procedures to protect against unauthorized access to or use of secured data and to prevent data loss. However, the ever-evolving threats mean we must continually evaluate and adapt our respective systems and processes. Disruptions in our customer-facing technology systems could impair our interconnected retail strategy and give rise to negative customer experiences. We rely on third-party suppliers, and our ability to access products from our suppliers can be adversely affected by political instability, military conflict, and other factors beyond our control. Disruptions in our logistics or supply chain network could adversely affect our ability to deliver inventory in a timely manner, which could impair our ability to meet customer demand for products and result in lost sales. Our focus on interconnected retail connects our key initiatives and is based on building a competitive and seamless platform across all commerce channels. Our improved supply chain and new or upgraded technology might not provide the anticipated benefits, or the initiatives might fail altogether, which could adversely impact our competitive position and financial condition. We are subject to various federal, state, and local laws and regulations that govern numerous aspects of our business, and changes in these laws could increase our costs of doing business or impact our store operations. Our ability to successfully conduct retail operations in international markets is affected by many of the same risks we face in our U.S. operations, as well as unique costs and difficulties of managing international operations. Our financial performance depends significantly on the stability of the housing, residential construction, and home improvement markets, as well as general economic conditions. Uncertainty regarding economic conditions and other factors beyond our control could adversely affect demand for our products and services, our costs of doing business, and our financial performance. We believe that our current cash position, access to the long-term debt capital markets, and cash flow generated from operations should be sufficient not only for our operating requirements but also to enable us to complete our capital expenditure programs and fund dividend payments, share repurchases, and obligations incurred as a result of various risks.