This annual report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements regarding our expectations and beliefs regarding future conduct and growth of the business, including our expectation that we will solve problems faster and more efficiently for our growing base of customers by moving to more open platforms with application programming interfaces that enable the contributions of end users and third-party developers. Our future revenue growth depends upon our ability to adapt to technological change and successfully introduce new and enhanced products, services, and business models. As we continue to transition our business to more connected services, we become more dependent on the continuing operation and availability of our information technology and communication systems and those of our external service providers. Business interruption or failure of our information technology and communication systems may impair the availability of our products and services, which may damage our reputation and harm our future financial results. We are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities. Our business operations, data centers, information technology, and communications systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, human error, malicious attacks, and other events beyond our control. We do not maintain real-time backup of all our data, and in the event of significant system disruption, we may experience loss of data or processing capabilities, which may cause us to lose customers and materially harm our reputation and operating results. We rely on internal systems and external systems maintained by manufacturers, distributors, and other service providers to take and fulfill customer orders, handle customer service requests, and host certain online activities. Any interruption or failure of our internal or external systems may prevent us or our service providers from accepting and fulfilling customer orders or cause company and customer data to be unintentionally disclosed. We are also required to comply with a variety of state revenue agency standards to successfully operate our tax preparation and electronic filing services. Our growth strategy depends upon our ability to initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends, to enter new markets, and to drive broad adoption of the products and services we develop and market. We are continually investing resources to update and improve our internal information technology systems and software platforms. If we experience prolonged delays or unforeseen difficulties in updating and upgrading our systems and architecture, we may experience outages and may not be able to deliver certain offerings and develop new offerings and enhancements that we need to remain competitive. Our international operations are subject to increased risks which may harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. We have also started to increasingly utilize the distribution platforms of third parties for the distribution of certain of our product offerings. Our ability to comply with financial ratios may be affected by events beyond our control. We have incurred significant expenses to comply with mandatory privacy and security standards and protocols imposed by law, regulation, industry standards, or contractual obligations. The nature of our products and services necessitates timely product launches, and if we experience significant product quality problems or delays, it may harm our revenue, earnings, and reputation. Our businesses are highly seasonal, and our quarterly results could fluctuate significantly. We face intense competitive pressures that may harm our operating results, and we may not be able to attract customers or effectively monetize all of these offerings. Our future financial results may be materially harmed in the event of a major earthquake or other natural or man-made disaster.