Investing in our securities involves risk, and our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be adversely affected by difficult market conditions, which can reduce the value or performance of the investments we manage. Our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform ourselves to emerge stronger from challenging situations is critical. We attempt to mitigate known risks to the extent we believe practicable and reasonable, but we provide no assurance that our mitigation efforts will be successful. The unprecedented turmoil in the global financial markets during 2008 and 2009 provoked significant volatility, contraction in the availability of credit, and the failure of several companies, which had a material adverse effect on our businesses. Our profitability may also be adversely affected by fixed costs and the possibility that we would be unable to scale back other costs within a time frame sufficient to match decreases in net income. During periods of difficult market conditions, companies in which we have invested may experience decreased revenues, financial losses, and increased funding costs, which could materially and adversely affect our operating results and cash flow. Our investments are subject to various economic conditions that are difficult to quantify or predict, and these conditions may have a significant impact on the valuation of our investments. We rely on our financial, accounting, and other data processing systems, and any disruption of these systems could result in financial loss or a disruption of our businesses. Our business continuation or disaster recovery programs may not be sufficient to mitigate harm from such disruptions. Our organizational structure allows us to enter into new lines of business, which may result in additional risks and uncertainties. We intend to grow our businesses by increasing assets under management, pursuing new investment strategies, and expanding into new geographic markets. However, we face risks associated with the required investment of capital and the possibility of insufficient expertise to engage in such activities profitably. Our growth strategy involves a number of risks, including the risk that expected synergies from newly developed products or strategic alliances will not be realized. We also face operational risks and data security breaches that may disrupt our businesses. Our ability to manage exposure to market risks is selective and varies based on the level and volatility of interest rates and other changing market conditions. We have established committees to help manage market risk and general business risks, and we monitor and evaluate our general business risks regularly. Our ability to attract new capital and investors is driven by the perceived attractiveness of our investment products. We have expanded into strategies such as energy, infrastructure, and real estate, and we aim to leverage our intellectual capital and synergies in our businesses to capitalize on a broader range of opportunities. Our investments in real assets may expose us to increased risks and liabilities, including those inherent in the ownership of real assets. We are subject to various laws and regulations that may impose requirements on us and our portfolio companies, and compliance with these laws could require significant resources and capital. Our investment strategies may involve substantial business, regulatory, legal, or other complexities that could deter other investment managers. We may also face conflicts of interest among our managing partner, our affiliates, and us, which may permit them to favor their own interests to our detriment.