In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the following factors, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or results of operations in future periods. Water scarcity and poor quality could negatively impact the Coca-Cola system's costs and capacity. Water is a limited resource in many parts of the world, facing unprecedented challenges from overexploitation, increasing demand for food and other consumer and industrial products whose manufacturing processes require water, increasing pollution, poor management and the effects of climate change. If we do not anticipate and address evolving consumer preferences, our business could suffer. Consumer preferences are evolving rapidly as a result of health and nutrition considerations, especially the perceived undesirability of artificial ingredients and obesity concerns; shifting consumer demographics; changes in consumer tastes and needs; changes in consumer lifestyles; and competitive product and pricing pressures. Our ability to gain or maintain share of sales in the global market or in various local markets may be limited as a result of actions by competitors. If we do not continue to strengthen our capabilities in marketing and innovation to maintain our brand loyalty and market share while we selectively expand into other product categories, our business could be negatively affected. We strive to meet the highest of standards in both product safety and product quality. We have rigorous product and ingredient safety and quality standards designed to ensure safety and quality in each of our products, and we drive innovation that provides new beverage options to meet consumers' evolving needs and preferences. We recognize the health of our business is interwoven with the well-being of our consumers, our employees and the communities we serve, and we are working in cooperation with governments, educators and consumers. We are committed to implementing programs focused on economic opportunity and environmental sustainability to address agricultural challenges and fail to make a strategic impact on food security through joint efforts with bottlers, farmers, communities, suppliers and key partners. We are actively collaborating with other companies, governments, nongovernmental organizations and communities to advocate for needed water policy reforms and action to protect water availability and quality around the world. Our company has a robust water stewardship and management program and continues to work to improve water use efficiency, treat wastewater prior to discharge and achieve our goal of replenishing the water that we and our bottling partners source and use in our finished products. We expect commitment and continued action on our part will be crucial to the successful long-term stewardship of this critical natural resource. Our management has identified certain challenges and risks that demand the attention of the nonalcoholic beverage segment of the commercial beverage industry and our company. These challenges and risks include obesity, poor diets and inactive lifestyles; water quality and quantity; evolving consumer preferences; increased competition and capabilities in the marketplace; product safety and quality; and food security. All of these challenges and risks have the potential to have a material adverse effect on the nonalcoholic beverage segment of the commercial beverage industry and on our company; however, we believe our company is well positioned to appropriately address these challenges and risks. We continue to make investments in personnel, technologies, cyber-insurance and training of company personnel to address risks to our information systems. The company maintains an information risk management program which is supervised by information technology management and reviewed by a cross-functional committee.