Pharmaceutical research and development is very costly and highly uncertain; there is a high rate of failure inherent in new drug discovery and development. Failure can occur at any point in the process, including late in the process after substantial investment. As a result, most funds invested in research programs will not generate financial returns. New product candidates that appear promising in development may fail to reach the market or may have only limited commercial success due to efficacy or safety concerns, inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals, or excessive costs to manufacture. Delays and uncertainties in drug approval processes can result in delays in product launches and lost market opportunity. We must maintain a continuous flow of successful new products and successful new indications or brand extensions for existing products sufficient to cover our substantial research and development costs and to replace sales that are lost as profitable products lose intellectual property exclusivity or are displaced by competing products or therapies. Failure to do so in the short-term or long-term would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial position, and prospects. We face intense competition from multinational pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, and lower-cost generic and biosimilar manufacturers. To compete successfully, we must continue to deliver to the market innovative, cost-effective products that meet important medical needs. Our revenues can also be adversely affected by treatment innovations that eliminate or minimize the need for treatment with drugs. The marketing, promotional, and pricing practices of human pharmaceutical manufacturers, as well as the manner in which manufacturers interact with purchasers, prescribers, and patients, are subject to extensive regulation. Regulatory compliance problems could be damaging to the company, leading to product recalls, interruptions of production, and delays in the approvals of new products. Manufacturing difficulties or disruptions could lead to product supply problems, resulting in product shortages and lost revenue. We depend on information technology systems and infrastructure to operate our business; system inadequacies or operating failures could harm our business. We rely on third parties for selected aspects of product development, manufacture, and commercialization, which involves risks that these third parties may not perform to our standards or legal requirements. Our long-term success depends on our ability to continually discover, develop, and commercialize innovative new pharmaceutical products. Without strong intellectual property protection, we would be unable to generate the returns necessary to support the enormous investments in research and development. We expect pricing, reimbursement, and access pressures from both governments and private payers inside and outside the U.S. to become more severe. Worsening economic conditions could adversely affect our business and operating results, leading to decreased utilization of drugs and increased government efforts to control drug prices and utilization. We continue to monitor the potential impacts of the economic environment, the creditworthiness of our wholesalers and other customers, and various international government funding levels. We face foreign currency risk exposure from fluctuating currency exchange rates, which can have a substantial impact on our revenue, cost of sales, and operating expenses. We manage a portion of these exposures through hedging and other risk management techniques. The nature of the pharmaceutical business is high-risk and requires that we invest in a large number of projects to build a successful portfolio of approved products, and as such, it is likely that some acquired assets will become impaired in the future.