An investment in our common stock or debt securities involves risks and uncertainties. We seek to identify, manage and mitigate risks to our business, but risk and uncertainty cannot be eliminated or necessarily predicted. The U.S. government continues to face significant deficit reduction pressures, and it is likely that discretionary spending will remain constrained for a number of years. Under such conditions, large or complex programs are potentially subject to increased scrutiny. Our diverse range of defense, homeland security, and information technology products and services makes it less likely that cuts in any specific contract or program will have a long-term effect on our business. However, termination of multiple or large programs could adversely affect our business and future financial performance. We expect that the impact of budget reductions on our operating results will lag in certain businesses with longer cycles. Our businesses with smaller, short-term contracts are the most susceptible to the impacts of budget reductions. We have experienced increased market pressures in our services businesses due to the fragmentation of large contracts into multiple smaller contracts that are awarded primarily on the basis of price. It is critical we maintain strong customer relationships and seek to understand their requirements in this price competitive environment. We face substantial competition from both U.S. manufacturers and international manufacturers whose governments sometimes provide assistance for their products. To remain competitive, we must maintain strong customer relationships and provide superior performance, advanced technology solutions, and service at an affordable cost. We have a large number of programs for which we are the incumbent contractor, and a substantial portion of our business is awarded through competitive bidding. The U.S. government increasingly relies upon competitive contract award types, which has the potential to create pricing pressure and increase our costs. We are subject to a number of procurement laws and regulations, and our business and reputation could be adversely affected if we fail to comply with these laws. We must comply with laws and regulations relating to the award, administration, and performance of U.S. government contracts. A violation of specific laws could harm our reputation and result in penalties, termination of contracts, or debarment from bidding on contracts. Our profitability and cash flow may vary based on the mix of our contracts and programs, our performance, and our ability to control costs. We have a strategy to grow our international sales and strengthen our relationships internationally through partnerships and local production. Our international business is subject to numerous political and economic factors, regulatory requirements, and significant competition. We routinely experience cyber security threats and other disruptions, and we must rely on the safeguards put in place by our suppliers and subcontractors. We have a comprehensive sustainability program to reduce the effects of our operations on the environment. Our operations are subject to various environmental protection laws and regulations. We are involved in environmental responses at some of our facilities and could be affected by future regulations imposed in response to concerns over climate change. We have taken certain actions over the last few years to mitigate the volatility of our defined benefit pension plans on our financial results. We must manage leadership development and succession planning throughout our business. The loss of key personnel, coupled with an inability to adequately train other personnel, could significantly impact our ability to perform under our contracts.