We have developed a risk management process using periodic surveys, external research, planning processes, risk mapping, analytics, and other tools to identify and evaluate the operational, financial, environmental, reputational, strategic, and other risks that could adversely affect our business. Adapting our business concept to respond to our customers' changing shopping habits and demands, as well as their changing demographics, is critical to our future success. Our strategic initiatives focused on omni-channel sales and marketing presence will require us to deliver large, complex programs that necessitate different skill sets and capabilities than were required in the past. Our leadership development program for managers at all levels is aimed at aligning processes for corporate strategy, business unit strategy, and integrated planning to drive alignment, execution, and delivery of solutions. The success of our strategic initiatives will depend on our management, employees, and contractors adapting and learning new skills and capabilities. Failure to attract and retain personnel with the necessary skills could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, or business prospects. As customer-facing technology systems become increasingly important, any performance issues with these systems could prevent us from delivering positive customer experiences. Our financial performance could suffer if we fail to maintain our critical information systems or if those systems are disrupted. We are also subject to risks related to payments that could increase our operating costs and expose us to fraud. We rely on third parties for payment processing services, and any disruption in these services could adversely affect our business. Our sales are dependent upon the health and stability of the general economy, and various economic factors may adversely affect our financial performance. We face challenges in attracting and retaining a diverse workforce capable of delivering a culturally competent experience for a wide variety of customers. The competitive landscape for home improvement products and services requires us to respond effectively to competitive pressures and changes in the market. Failure to manage relationships with suppliers could negatively impact our business plan and financial results. Disruptions in the domestic or international supply chain could adversely impact our sales and gross margin. Our reliance on third-party installers introduces operational and legal risks that must be effectively managed. Operating internationally presents unique challenges that require us to adapt our operations to serve customers in different countries. Compliance with various laws and regulations is essential, and failure to comply could adversely affect our results of operations and financial performance. Future litigation or governmental proceedings could result in material adverse consequences. We continuously evaluate our operations for potential impairment and must apply judgment in estimating future cash flows. Our self-insurance liabilities are based on estimates of ultimate costs for claims incurred, and actual results may differ from these estimates. We monitor and estimate expected losses related to our extended protection plan contracts, and changes in assumptions could impact our financial results. Our ability to adapt and respond to changes in the business environment is crucial for maintaining operational continuity and achieving long-term success.