The company is dependent on its patent rights, and if its patent rights are invalidated or circumvented, its business would be adversely affected. The company seeks patents covering each of its products in each of the markets where it intends to sell the products and where meaningful patent protection is available. The company must maintain a continuous flow of successful new products and successful new indications or brand extensions for existing products sufficient both to cover its substantial research and development costs and to replace sales that are lost as profitable products lose market exclusivity or are displaced by competing products or therapies. The company's ability to generate profits and operating cash flow depends largely upon the continued profitability of the company's key products. The company is often involved in patent disputes relating to challenges to its patents or infringement and similar claims against the company. The company aggressively defends its important patents both within and outside the United States. The company has experienced difficulties and delays in manufacturing certain of its products. The company may, in the future, experience difficulties and delays inherent in manufacturing its products, such as failure of the company or any of its vendors or suppliers to comply with current good manufacturing practices and other applicable regulations and quality assurance guidelines that could lead to manufacturing shutdowns, product shortages, and delays in product manufacturing. The company has significant global operations, which expose it to additional risks, and any adverse event could have a material negative impact on the company's results of operations. The company is conducting a study involving sitagliptin, and the results of that study could have a material adverse effect on the sales of its products. The company is exposed to market risk from fluctuations in currency exchange rates and interest rates. The company continually takes measures to evaluate, adapt, and improve the organization and its business practices to better meet customer needs and believes that it is well positioned to respond to the evolving health care environment and market forces. The company has established investment guidelines for its pension and other postretirement plans to create an asset allocation that is expected to deliver a rate of return sufficient to meet the long-term obligation of each plan, given an acceptable level of risk. The company has undertaken restructurings of different types during the covered periods, and therefore, these charges should not be considered non-recurring. The company has made estimates and judgments regarding its future plans, including future termination benefits and other exit costs to be incurred when the restructuring actions take place. The company believes that there are no compliance issues associated with applicable environmental laws and regulations that would have a material adverse effect on the company. The company is involved in various claims and legal proceedings of a nature considered normal to its business, including product liability, intellectual property, and commercial litigation, as well as certain additional matters. The company records accruals for contingencies when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. The company continually monitors its legal defense costs and reviews the adequacy of the associated reserves and may determine to increase the reserves at any time in the future if it believes it would be appropriate to do so. The company has established a comprehensive global privacy program to manage evolving risks associated with privacy and data protection laws and regulations globally. The company is committed to making externally sourced programs a greater component of its pipeline strategy, with a renewed focus on supplementing its internal research with a licensing and external alliance strategy focused on the entire spectrum of collaborations from early research to late-stage compounds, as well as access to new technologies.