Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our common stock. We face intense competition across all markets for our products and services, which may lead to lower revenue or operating margins. The competitive pressures described above may cause decreased sales volumes, price reductions, and/or increased operating costs, such as for research and development, marketing, and sales incentives. This may lead to lower revenue, gross margins, and operating income. Our increasing focus on services presents execution and competitive risks. We are devoting significant resources to develop and deploy our cloud-based strategies. The strategic importance of developing and maintaining a vibrant ecosystem increased with the launch of our products and associated cloud-based services. We are embracing cultural and organizational changes to drive accountability and eliminate obstacles to innovation. Our ability to remain competitive depends on our success in making innovative products, devices, and services that appeal to businesses and consumers. We must continue to evolve and adapt over an extended time in pace with this changing environment. We prioritize our investments among the highest long-term growth opportunities, which require significant resources and are multi-year in nature. Our success is highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees. Effective succession planning is also important to our long-term success. Failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge and smooth transitions involving key employees could hinder our strategic planning and execution. We expect to continue making acquisitions or entering into joint ventures and strategic alliances as part of our long-term business strategy. These transactions involve significant challenges and risks including that the transaction does not advance our business strategy, that we get no satisfactory return on our investment, or that the transaction distracts management from our other businesses. A disruption or failure of our systems or operations because of a major earthquake, weather event, cyber-attack, terrorist attack, or other catastrophic event could cause delays in completing sales, providing services, or performing other critical functions. Our corporate headquarters and a significant portion of our research and development activities are located in areas that may be affected by such events. The long-term effects of climate change on the global economy or the IT industry in particular are unclear. Environmental regulations or changes in the supply, demand, or available sources of energy may affect the availability or cost of goods and services necessary to run our business. We must continuously engineer more secure products and services, enhance security and reliability features, and improve the deployment of software updates to address security vulnerabilities. If we fail to do these things well, actual or perceived security vulnerabilities in our products and services could harm our reputation and lead customers to reduce or delay future purchases of products or subscriptions to services. We are subject to a variety of claims and lawsuits, and adverse outcomes in some or all of these claims may result in significant monetary damages or injunctive relief that could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business.