In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this form 10-K, the following are important factors which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of us. We have experienced dramatic declines in average selling prices for our semiconductor memory products which have adversely affected our business. If average selling prices for our memory products decrease faster than we can decrease per gigabit costs, our business, results of operations or financial condition could be materially adversely affected. The semiconductor memory industry is highly competitive. We face intense competition in the semiconductor memory market from a number of companies, including Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.; Sandisk Corporation; SK Hynix Inc. and Toshiba Corporation. Some of our competitors are large corporations or conglomerates that may have greater resources to withstand downturns in the semiconductor markets in which we compete, invest in technology and capitalize on growth opportunities. Our ability to meet our payment obligations under our debt instruments depends on our ability to generate significant cash flow in the future. This, to some extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative and regulatory factors as well as other factors that are beyond our control. Our future success depends on our ability to develop and produce competitive new memory technologies. Our key semiconductor memory technologies of DRAM, NAND flash and NOR flash face technological barriers to continue to meet long-term customer needs. These barriers include potential limitations on the ability to shrink products in order to reduce costs, meet higher density requirements and improve power consumption and reliability. We are developing new products that complement our traditional memory products or leverage their underlying design or process technology. We have made significant investments in product and process technologies and anticipate expending significant resources for new semiconductor product development, including system-level memory products, over the next several years. We maintain operations and continuously implement new product and process technology at our manufacturing operations which are widely dispersed in multiple locations in several countries including the U.S., Singapore, Taiwan, Japan and China. If production at a fabrication facility is disrupted for any reason, manufacturing yields may be adversely affected or we may be unable to meet our customers' requirements and they may purchase products from other suppliers. This could result in a significant increase in manufacturing costs or loss of revenues or damage to customer relationships, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. We have entered into strategic relationships to manufacture products and develop new manufacturing process technologies and products. These relationships include our IMFT NAND flash joint venture with Intel, our Inotera DRAM joint venture with Nanya and our MP Mask joint venture with Photronics. Our joint ventures and strategic relationships involve numerous risks that could adversely affect the value of our investments and our results of operations. We may experience difficulties or delays in collecting amounts due to us from our joint ventures and partners. We may incur additional restructure or other charges in future periods. In recent periods, we have implemented restructure activities and may implement restructure initiatives in future periods. As a result, we could incur restructure charges, lose production output, lose key personnel and experience disruptions in our operations and difficulties in the timely delivery of products. We may be unable to generate sufficient cash flows or obtain access to external financing necessary to fund our operations, make scheduled debt payments and make adequate capital investments. Our operations are dependent on our ability to procure advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment that enables the transition to lower cost manufacturing processes. If we are unable to timely obtain advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment, our business, results of operations or financial condition could be materially adversely affected.