You should carefully consider the risks described below together with the other information set forth in this report, which could materially affect our business, financial condition and future results. Our long-term success will be dependent upon our ability to design, build and achieve market acceptance of new vehicle models, specifically model s and new vehicle models such as model x and model 3. Our ability to grow volume production and deliveries for model s is subject to certain risks and uncertainties, including that our suppliers will be able and willing to deliver components on a timely basis and in the necessary quantities, quality and at acceptable prices to produce model s in volume and reach our financial targets. We may experience significant delays or other complications in the design, manufacture, launch and production ramp of model x, as well as future vehicles such as model 3, which could harm our brand, business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. Our ability to launch the model x program on time and cost efficiently is dependent upon a variety of factors, including completion of production tooling, supplier readiness, engineering completion and the successful completion of our validation testing. We expect to continue to lower the cost of manufacturing our vehicles and improve our gross margin. Significant cost improvements for model s were achieved in 2013 and 2014, including part cost reductions as well as manufacturing efficiencies. We expect that such improvements, when combined with a favorable mix of vehicles, will allow us to achieve a 30% gross margin on model s by the end of 2015, assuming no further deterioration in foreign currencies. However, we expect these cost improvements will be partially offset by production inefficiencies during the introduction of model x. Our recent production capacity expansion contributed to several weeks of production in excess of 1,000 vehicles per week during the last few months of 2014. However, the changeover to our new final assembly line during the third quarter of 2014 and the introduction of all-wheel drive dual motor model s onto this line during the fourth quarter of 2014 took longer than we expected. Consequently, we delivered fewer vehicles than we had planned in 2014. We plan to achieve significant efficiencies in model s production and begin production of model x with the intent of achieving a significantly faster initial production ramp than we achieved with model s. Any unexpected issues with the expansion of our production capacity or the launch and ramp of model x production could affect our ability to meet future delivery targets. We are currently expanding and improving our information technology systems, including implementing new internally developed systems, to assist us in the management of our business. These systems support our operations and enable us to produce model s and future vehicles like model x in volume. The implementation, maintenance and improvement of these systems require significant management time, support and cost. Moreover, there are inherent risks associated with developing, improving and expanding our core systems as well as implementing new systems, including the disruption of our data management, procurement, manufacturing execution, finance, supply chain and sales and service processes. Our business may be adversely affected by union activities. Although none of our employees are currently represented by a labor union, it is common throughout the automobile industry generally for many employees at automobile companies to belong to a union, which can result in higher employee costs and increased risk of work stoppages.