The health care market continues to change based on demographic shifts, new regulations, political forces, and both payer and patient expectations. Health plans and care providers are being called upon to work together to close gaps in care and improve overall care quality, improve the health of populations, and reduce costs. Delivery system modernization and payment reform are critical, and the alignment of incentives between key constituents remains an important theme. We are increasingly rewarding care providers for delivering improvements in quality and cost-efficiency. Our businesses participate in the U.S., Brazilian, and certain other international health economies, and we expect overall spending on health care to continue to grow in the future due to inflation, medical technology and pharmaceutical advancement, regulatory requirements, demographic trends in the population, and national interest in health and well-being. The intensity of commercial pricing competition depends on local market conditions and competitive dynamics. We continue to take a prudent, market-sustainable posture for both new business and maintenance of existing relationships. We advocate for actuarially sound rates that are commensurate with our medical cost trends and remain dedicated to partnering with those states that are committed to the long-term viability of their programs. The ongoing reductions to Medicare Advantage funding place continued importance on effective medical management and ongoing improvements in administrative efficiency. We seek to intensify our medical and operating cost management, make changes to the size and composition of our care provider networks, adjust members' benefits, implement or increase member premiums, and decide on a county-by-county basis where we will offer Medicare Advantage plans. Our participation in various government health care programs exposes us to additional risks associated with program funding, enrollments, payment adjustments, audits, and government investigations that could materially and adversely affect our business. We are routinely involved in various disputes, legal proceedings, and governmental audits and investigations. Our estimates of costs resulting from legal and regulatory matters are inherently difficult to predict. The health care industry is also regularly subject to negative publicity, including as a result of governmental investigations, adverse media coverage, and political debate surrounding industry regulation. Negative publicity may adversely affect our stock price and damage our reputation in various markets. We must also obtain and maintain regulatory approvals to market many of our products, increase prices for certain regulated products, and complete certain acquisitions and dispositions or integrate certain acquisitions. The laws and rules governing our business and interpretations of those laws and rules are subject to frequent change, and the integration into our businesses of entities that we acquire may affect the way in which existing laws and rules apply to us. We have capitation arrangements with some physicians, hospitals, and other health care providers, which limit our exposure to the risk of increasing medical costs but expose us to risk related to the adequacy of the financial and medical care resources of the health care provider. If we fail to manage successfully our strategic alliances or complete, manage, or integrate acquisitions and other significant strategic transactions or relationships, it could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.