We may be unable to attract and retain key management and other key employees. Our employees, particularly our key management, are vital to our success. We may also face competitive pressures on pricing. Our position in the payments value chain is key to our business. We depend significantly on relationships with our financial institution clients and on their relationships with account holders and merchants to support and compete effectively for our programs and services. We have engaged and will continue to engage in significantly more discussions with merchants, acquirers, and processors. We believe that cash flow generated from operating activities will be more than sufficient to meet our ongoing operational needs. We have policies that limit the amount of credit exposure to any one financial institution or type of investment. We may also be adversely affected by price compression should one of our clients absorb another financial institution and qualify for higher volume-based discounts on the combined volumes of the merged businesses. We expect our effective tax rate for the full 2015 fiscal year to be in the low 30s. If we cannot keep pace with rapid technological developments to provide new and innovative payment programs and services or comply with new laws and regulations, the use of our products, our revenues, and net income could decline. We may not succeed in doing so, particularly in the current regulatory environment. We may also have to change our business practices in response to pending or future litigation. We may also face competitive pressures on pricing. We have historically set default debit interchange reimbursement rates in the United States and many other geographies. We may also have to modify existing agreements in order to maintain relationships or comply with regulations. We may not be successful in our efforts or they may not offset the decreases in our revenues. We may also be adversely affected by price compression should one of our clients absorb another financial institution and qualify for higher volume-based discounts on the combined volumes of the merged businesses. We may also face competitive pressures on pricing. We have historically set default debit interchange reimbursement rates in the United States and many other geographies. We may also have to modify existing agreements in order to maintain relationships or comply with regulations. We may not be successful in our efforts or they may not offset the decreases in our revenues. We may also be adversely affected by price compression should one of our clients absorb another financial institution and qualify for higher volume-based discounts on the combined volumes of the merged businesses. We may also face competitive pressures on pricing. We have historically set default debit interchange reimbursement rates in the United States and many other geographies. We may also have to modify existing agreements in order to maintain relationships or comply with regulations. We may not be successful in our efforts or they may not offset the decreases in our revenues. We may also be adversely affected by price compression should one of our clients absorb another financial institution and qualify for higher volume-based discounts on the combined volumes of the merged businesses. We may also face competitive pressures on pricing. We have historically set default debit interchange reimbursement rates in the United States and many other geographies. We may also have to modify existing agreements in order to maintain relationships or comply with regulations. We may not be successful in our efforts or they may not offset the decreases in our revenues. We may also be adversely affected by price compression should one of our clients absorb another financial institution and qualify for higher volume-based discounts on the combined volumes of the merged businesses. We may also face competitive pressures on pricing. We have historically set default debit interchange reimbursement rates in the United States and many other geographies. We may also have to modify existing agreements in order to maintain relationships or comply with regulations. We may not be successful in our efforts or they may not offset the decreases in our revenues.