T-Mobile’s disclosures describe a variety of resilience-related measures and exposures, including preparations for and responses to internal and external disruptions, such as the pandemic, cyberattacks and natural disasters. The company notes that ongoing “pandemic-related restrictions … could impact our ability to acquire handsets … and … network buildout plans,” and that “the extent to which the pandemic may impact our future operational and financial performance remains uncertain,” highlighting the need for business continuity planning. In describing the August 2021 cyberattack, T-Mobile reports that it “immediately began a forensic investigation,” “located and closed the unauthorized access,” and “identified … customers whose information was impacted and notified them,” and engaged outside experts to remediate the breach and enhance safeguards, illustrating risk mitigation, crisis management and organizational learning processes. Statements on system reliability emphasize that “system failures and business disruptions may prevent us from providing reliable service” and cite “physical damage … severe weather and natural disasters,” “supplier failures,” “unauthorized access,” and “human error” as threats, underscoring the importance of operational flexibility and emergency management. The company also describes ongoing efforts to “evaluate and enhance” cybersecurity procedures, to “adapt to changes in available technology, continually invest in our network, increase network capacity, enhance existing offerings and introduce new offerings,” and to allocate resources toward 5G deployment, network decommissioning and restructuring activities to capture synergies and sustain competitive advantage. Commitments to build out spectrum and comply with regulatory obligations under harsh timelines, and references to potential operational, financial and reputational impacts in the face of “extreme conditions,” “unexpected situations,” and “unfavorable outcomes of legal proceedings,” further reflect the challenges of maintaining performance under pressure and the firm’s dynamic capabilities, risk assessment and strategic agility.