our operations in japan, including realized gains and losses on aflac japan's investment portfolio, accounted for 72% of our total revenues for 2014, compared with 74% in 2013 and 77% in 2012. the japanese operations accounted for 82% of our total assets at december 31, 2014, compared with 85% at december 31, 2013. the bank of japan's january 2015 monthly report of recent economic and financial developments stated the following about the japanese economy. japan's economy continues to recover moderately. public investment has plateaued at a high level while housing investment, which continued to decline following the consumption tax hike, has recently started to bottom out. private consumption has remained resilient due to steady improvement in employment and income. the report projected that japan's economy is expected to recover moderately, and the effects such as those of the decline in demand following the consumption tax hike are expected to dissipate. exports are expected to increase moderately due to the improving overseas economies. as for domestic demand, public investment is expected to flatten at a high level and subsequently begin to decline moderately. private consumption is expected to remain resilient due to steady improvement in employment and income, and the effects of the decline in demand following the consumption tax hike are expected to dissipate gradually. housing investment is projected to gradually regain its resilience as well.
japanese economy the bank of japan's january 2015 monthly report of recent economic and financial developments stated the following about the japanese economy. japan's economy continues to recover moderately. public investment has plateaued at a high level while housing investment, which continued to decline following the consumption tax hike, has recently started to bottom out. private consumption has remained resilient due to steady improvement in employment and income. the report projected that japan's economy is expected to recover moderately, and the effects such as those of the decline in demand following the consumption tax hike are expected to dissipate. exports are expected to increase moderately due to the improving overseas economies. as for domestic demand, public investment is expected to flatten at a high level and subsequently begin to decline moderately. private consumption is expected to remain resilient due to steady improvement in employment and income, and the effects of the decline in demand following the consumption tax hike are expected to dissipate gradually. housing investment is projected to gradually regain its resilience as well.