item 1a.   risk factors information provided by the company or its spokespersons, including information contained in this annual report on form 10-k, may from time to time contain forward-looking statements concerning projected financial performance, market and industry sector growth, product development and commercialization or other aspects of future operations. such statements will be based on the assumptions and expectations of the company's management at the time such statements are made. the company cautions investors that its performance (and, therefore, any forward-looking statement) is subject to risks and uncertainties. various important factors including, but not limited to, the following may cause the company's future results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statement.
global economic conditions. the company's operations and performance depend significantly on foreign and domestic economic conditions. uncertainty regarding economic conditions may negatively impact the company as customers defer spending in response to tighter credit, higher unemployment, financial market volatility, government austerity programs, negative financial news, declining valuations of investments and other factors. in addition, certain of the company's customers' budgets may be constrained and they may be unable to purchase the company's products at the same level as prior periods. the company's customers' ability to pay for the company's products and services may also be impaired, which may lead to an increase in the company's allowance for doubtful accounts and write-offs of accounts receivable. since the company is exposed to the majority of major world markets, uncertainty in any significant market may negatively impact the company's performance and results, particularly with respect to the company's largest geographic customer bases. the company is unable to predict the likely duration and severity of the current economic conditions or the likelihood of additional uncertainty arising in any of the company's key markets. should these conditions result in the company not meeting its revenue growth objectives, the company's operating results, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected.
decline in customers' businesses. the company's sales are based significantly on end-user demand for products in key industrial sectors. many of these sectors periodically experience economic declines, which may be exacerbated by other economic factors. these factors may also adversely affect the company's business by extending sales cycles and reducing revenue. these economic factors may cause the company's customers to reduce the size of their workforce or cut back on operations and may lead to a reduction in renewals of licenses or maintenance contracts with the company. the company's customers may request discounts or extended payment terms on new products or seek to extend payment terms on existing contracts, all of which may cause fluctuations in the company's future operating results. the company may not be able to adjust its operating expenses to offset such fluctuations because a substantial portion of the company's operating expenses is related to personnel, facilities and marketing programs. the level of personnel and related expenses may not be able to be adjusted quickly and is based, in significant part, on the company's expectation for future revenue.
risks associated with international activities. a majority of the company's business comes from outside the united states and the company has customers that supply a wide spectrum of goods and services in virtually all of the world's major economic regions. as the company continues to expand its sales presence in international regions, the portion of its revenue, expenses, cash, accounts receivable and payment obligations denominated in foreign currencies continues to increase. if any of the foreign economies in which the company does business deteriorate or suffer periods of uncertainty, the company's business and performance may be negatively impacted through reduced customer spending, changes in purchasing cycles or timing, reduced access to credit for its customers, or other factors impacting the company's international sales and collections.
as a result of its increasing international activities, the company has revenue, expenses, cash, accounts receivable and payment obligations denominated in foreign currencies. as a result, the company is subject to currency exchange risk. the company's revenues and operating results are adversely affected when the u.s. dollar strengthens relative to other currencies and are positively affected when the u.s. dollar weakens. as a result, changes in currency exchange rates will affect the company's financial position, results of operations and cash flows. in the event that there are economic declines in countries in which the company conducts transactions, the resulting changes in currency exchange rates may affect the company's financial position, results of operations and cash flows. the company is most impacted by movements in and among the japanese yen, euro, british pound, korean won, indian rupee, russian rouble and u.s. dollar. the company seeks to reduce these risks primarily through its normal operating and treasury activities, but there can be no assurance that it will be successful in reducing these risks.
additional risks inherent in the company's international business activities include imposition of government controls; export license requirements; restrictions on the export of critical technology, products and services; the violation of anti-corruption laws and regulations, which are applicable to the company, by third parties in countries where such conduct may be permissible or commonplace; political and economic instability; trade restrictions; changes in tariffs and taxes; difficulties in staffing and managing international operations; longer accounts receivable payment cycles; and the burdens of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws and regulations. effective patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret protection may not be available in every foreign country in which the company sells its products and services. the company's business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows could be materially, adversely affected by any of these risks.
stock market and stock price volatility. market prices for securities of software companies have generally been volatile. in particular, the market price of the company's common stock has been, and may continue to be, subject to significant fluctuations as a result of factors affecting the company, the software industry or the securities markets in general. such factors include, but are not limited to, declines in trading price that may be triggered by the company's failure to meet the expectations of securities analysts and investors. moreover, the trading price could be subject to additional fluctuations in response to quarter-to-quarter variations in the company's operating results, material announcements made by the company or its competitors, conditions in the financial markets or the software industry generally, or other events and factors, many of which are beyond the company's control.
rapidly changing technology; new products; risk of product errors. the company operates in an industry generally characterized by rapidly changing technology and frequent new product introductions, which can render existing products obsolete or unmarketable. a major factor in the company's future success will be its ability to anticipate technological changes and to develop and introduce, in a timely manner, enhancements to its existing products, products acquired in acquisitions and new products to meet those changes. if the company is unable to introduce new products and to respond quickly to industry changes, its business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows could be materially, adversely affected.
the introduction and marketing of new or enhanced products require the company to manage the transition from existing products in order to minimize disruption in customer purchasing patterns. there can be no assurance that the company will be successful in developing and marketing, on a timely basis, new products or product enhancements, that its new products will adequately address the changing needs of the marketplace or that it will successfully manage the transition from existing products. software products as complex as those offered by the company may contain undetected errors when first introduced, or as new versions are released, and the likelihood of errors is increased as a result of the company's commitment to the frequency of its product releases. there can be no assurance that errors will not be found in any new or enhanced products after commencement of commercial shipments. certain products require a higher level of sales and support expertise. the ability of the company's sales channel, particularly the indirect channel, to obtain this expertise and to sell the new product offerings effectively could have an adverse impact on the company's sales in future periods. any of these problems may result in the loss of or delay in customer acceptance, diversion of development resources, damage to the company's reputation, or increased service and warranty costs, any of which could have a material, adverse effect on the company's business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
product quality. the company has separate quality systems and registrations under the iso 9001:2008 standard, in addition to other governmental and industrial regulations. the company's continued compliance with quality standards and favorable outcomes in periodic examinations is important to retain current customers and vital to procure new sales. if the company was determined not to be compliant with various regulatory or iso 9001/9000 standards, its certificates of registration could be suspended, requiring remedial action and a time-consuming re-registration process. product quality issues or failures could result in the company's reputation becoming diminished, resulting in a material, adverse impact on revenue, operating margins, net income, financial position and cash flows.
competition. the company continues to experience competition across all markets for its products and services. some of the company's current and possible future competitors have greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources than the company, and some have well-established relationships with current and potential customers of the company. the company's current and possible future competitors also include firms that have or may in the future elect to compete by means of open source licensing. parties among the company's current or future strategic alliances may diminish or sever technical, software development and marketing relationships with the company for competitive purposes. these competitive pressures may result in decreased sales volumes, price reductions and/or increased operating costs, and could result in lower revenues, margins and net income.
changes in the company's pricing models. the intense competition the company faces in the sales of its products and services, and general economic and business conditions, can put pressure on the company to adjust its prices. if the company's competitors offer deep discounts on certain products or services, or develop products that the marketplace considers more valuable, the company may need to lower prices or offer discounts or other favorable terms in order to compete successfully. any such changes may reduce operating margins and could adversely affect operating results. the company's software license updates and product support fees are generally priced as a percentage of its new software license fees. the company's competitors may offer lower percentage pricing on product updates and support that could put pressure on the company to further discount its new license or product support prices.
any broad-based change to the company's prices and pricing policies could cause new software license and service revenues to decline or be delayed as its sales force implements and its customers adjust to the new pricing policies. some of the company's competitors may bundle software products for promotional purposes or as a long-term pricing strategy or provide guarantees of prices, product implementations or wider geographical license usage provisions. these practices could, over time, significantly constrain the prices that the company can charge for certain of its products. if the company does not adapt its pricing models to reflect changes in customer use of its products or changes in customer demand, the company's new software license revenues could decrease. additionally, increased distribution of applications through application service providers, including software-as-a-service providers, may reduce the average price for the company's products or adversely affect other sales of the company's products, reducing new software license revenues unless the company can offset price reductions with volume increases. the increase in open source software distribution may also cause the company to adjust its pricing models.
dependence on senior management and key technical personnel. the company's success depends upon the continued services of the company's senior executives, key technical employees and other employees. each of the company's executive
officers, key technical personnel and other employees could terminate his or her relationship with the company at any time. the loss of any of the company's senior executives might significantly delay or prevent the achievement of the company's business objectives and could materially harm the company's business and customer relationships.
in addition, because of the highly technical nature of the company's products, the company must attract and retain highly skilled engineering and development personnel, many of whom are recruited from outside of the united states. the market for this talent is highly competitive. the company is limited in its ability to recruit internationally by restrictive domestic immigration laws. if the company has less success in recruiting and retaining key personnel, the company's business, reputation and operating results could be materially and adversely affected.
dependence on proprietary technology. the company's success is highly dependent upon its proprietary technology. the company generally relies on contracts and the laws of copyrights, patents, trademarks and trade secrets to protect its technology. the company maintains a trade secrets program, enters into confidentiality agreements with its employees and channel partners, and limits access to and distribution of its software, documentation and other proprietary information. there can be no assurance that the steps taken by the company to protect its proprietary technology will be adequate to prevent misappropriation of its technology by third parties, or that third parties will not be able to develop similar technology independently. costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary to enforce and determine the scope of trade secret rights and related confidentiality and nondisclosure provisions. although the company is not aware that any of its technology infringes upon the rights of third parties, there can be no assurance that other parties will not assert technology infringement claims against the company or that, if asserted, such claims will not prevail.
risks associated with security of the company's products, source code and it systems. the company makes significant efforts to maintain and improve the security and integrity of its products, source code, computer systems and data. despite significant efforts to create security barriers to such programs, it is virtually impossible for the company to entirely mitigate this risk. there appears to be an increasing number of computer "hackers" developing and deploying a variety of destructive software programs (such as viruses, worms, and the like) that could attack the company's products and computer systems. because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to networks or to sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, the company may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. like all software products, the company's software is vulnerable to such attacks. the impact of such an attack could disrupt the proper functioning of the company's software products, cause errors in the output of its customers' work, allow unauthorized access to sensitive, proprietary or confidential information of the company or its customers and other destructive outcomes. if this were to occur, the company's reputation may suffer, customers may stop buying its products, it could face lawsuits and potential liability and its financial performance could be negatively impacted.
there is also a danger of industrial espionage, cyber-attacks, misuse, theft of information or assets (including source code), or damage to assets by people who have gained unauthorized access to the company's facilities, systems or information. such cybersecurity breaches, misuse or other disruptions could lead to the disclosure of portions of the company's product source code or other confidential information, improper usage and distribution of its products without compensation, illegal usage of its products which could jeopardize the security of information stored in and transmitted through its computer systems, and theft, manipulation and destruction of private and proprietary data, resulting in defective products and production downtimes. although the company actively employs measures to combat unlicensed copying, access and use of software and intellectual property through a variety of techniques, preventing unauthorized use or infringement of the company's rights is inherently difficult. these events could adversely affect the company's financial results or could result in significant claims for damages against it. participating in lawsuits to protect against any such unauthorized access to, usage of or disclosure of any of the company's products or any portion of the company's product source code, or in prosecutions in connection with any such cybersecurity breach, could be costly and time-consuming, and may divert management's attention, adversely affecting the market's perception of the company and its products.
policing the unauthorized distribution and use of the company's products is difficult, and software piracy (including online piracy) is a persistent problem. the proliferation of technology designed to circumvent typical software protection measures used in the company's products, and the possibility that methods of circumventing the techniques it employs in its products, may lead to an expansion in piracy or misuse of its products and intellectual property. as a result, and despite the company's efforts to prevent such activities and to prosecute instances of such activities, the company may nonetheless lose significant revenue due to illegal use of its software, and management's attention may be diverted to address specific instances of piracy or misuse, or address piracy and misuse in general.
a number of the company's core processes, such as software development, sales and marketing, customer service and financial transactions, rely on its it infrastructure and applications. the company also relies upon third-party products, which are exposed to various security vulnerabilities. malicious software, sabotage and other cybersecurity breaches of the types discussed above could cause an outage of the company's infrastructure, which could lead to a substantial denial of service and
ultimately to production downtime, recovery costs and customer claims. this could have a significant negative impact on the company's business, financial position, profit or cash flows.
the company has implemented a number of measures designed to ensure the security of its information, it resources and other assets. nonetheless, unauthorized users could gain access to its systems through cyber-attacks and steal, use without authorization, and sabotage the company's intellectual property and confidential data. any breach of its it security, misuse or theft could lead to loss of production, recovery costs or litigation brought by employees, customers or business partners, which could have a significant negative impact on the company's business, financial position, profit, cash flows and reputation.
dependence on channel partners. the company continues to distribute a meaningful portion of its products through its global network of independent, regional channel partners. the channel partners sell the company's software products to new and existing customers, expand installations within the existing customer base, offer consulting services and provide the first line of technical support. consequently, in certain geographies, the company is highly dependent upon the efforts of the channel partners. difficulties in ongoing relationships with channel partners, such as failure to meet performance criteria or to promote the company's products as aggressively as the company expects, and differences in the handling of customer relationships, could adversely affect the company's performance. additionally, the loss of any major channel partner for any reason, including a channel partner's decision to sell competing products rather than the company's products, could have a material, adverse effect on the company. moreover, the company's future success will depend substantially on the ability and willingness of its channel partners to continue to dedicate the resources necessary to promote the company's portfolio of products and to support a larger installed base of the company's products. if the channel partners are unable or unwilling to do so, the company may be unable to sustain revenue growth.
during times of significant fluctuations in world currencies, certain channel partners may have solvency issues to the extent that effective hedge transactions are not employed or there is not sufficient working capital. in particular, if the u.s. dollar strengthens relative to other currencies, certain channel partners who pay the company in u.s. dollars may have trouble paying the company on time or may have trouble distributing the company's products due to the impact of the currency exchange fluctuation on such channel partner's cash flows. this may impact the company's ability to distribute its products into certain regions and markets, and may have an adverse effect on the company's results of operations and cash flows.
reliance on perpetual licenses. although the company has historically maintained stable recurring revenue from the sale of software lease licenses and software maintenance subscriptions, it also has relied on sales of perpetual licenses that involve payment of a single, up-front fee and that are more typical in the computer software industry. while revenue generated from software lease licenses and software maintenance subscriptions currently represents a portion of the company's revenue, to the extent that perpetual license revenue continues to represent a significant percentage of total revenue, the company's revenue in any period will depend significantly on sales completed during that period. if customer purchasing patterns shift toward a stronger preference for lease licenses and fewer perpetual licenses, there could be a short-term, adverse impact on the company's revenue and profitability.
in addition, the financial accounting standards board (fasb) issued accounting standards update no. 2014-09, revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606), which supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance. this update, which is effective for reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2016, could affect the timing and amounts of revenue recognized for perpetual licenses, which could have an adverse impact on the company's revenue and results of operations.
renewal rates for annual lease and maintenance contracts. a substantial portion of the company's license and maintenance revenue is derived from annual lease and maintenance contracts. these contracts are generally renewed on an annual basis and typically have a high rate of customer renewal. in addition to the recurring revenue base associated with these contracts, a majority of customers purchasing new perpetual licenses also purchase related annual maintenance contracts. if the rate of renewal for these contracts is adversely affected by economic or other factors, the company's license and maintenance growth will be adversely affected over the term that the revenue for those contracts would have otherwise been recognized. as a result, the company's business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows may also be adversely impacted during those periods.
risks associated with acquisitions. historically, the company has consummated acquisitions in order to support the company's long-term strategic direction, accelerate innovation, provide increased capabilities to existing products, supply new products and services, expand its customer base and enhance its distribution channels. the company has completed a number of acquisitions in recent years and expects to make additional acquisitions in the future, but may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates or, if suitable candidates are identified, the company may not be able to complete the business combination on commercially acceptable terms. the process of exploring and pursuing acquisition opportunities may result in devotion of significant management and financial resources.
even if the company is able to consummate acquisitions that it believes will be successful, such transactions present many risks including, among others: failing to achieve anticipated synergies and revenue increases; difficulty incorporating and integrating the acquired technologies or products with the company's existing product lines; difficulty in coordinating, establishing or expanding sales, distribution and marketing functions, as necessary; disruption of the company's ongoing business and diversion of management's attention to transition or integration issues; unanticipated and unknown liabilities; the loss of key employees, customers, partners and channel partners of the company or of the acquired company; and difficulties implementing and maintaining sufficient controls, policies and procedures over the systems, products and processes of the acquired company. if the company does not achieve the anticipated benefits of its acquisitions as rapidly or to the extent anticipated by the company's management and financial or industry analysts, there could be a material, adverse effect on the company's stock price, business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
in addition, for companies acquired, limited experience will exist for several quarters following the acquisition relating to how the acquired company's sales pipelines will convert into sales or revenues and the conversion rate post-acquisition may be quite different than the historical conversion rate. because a substantial portion of the company's sales are completed in the latter part of a quarter, and its cost structure is largely fixed in the short-term, revenue shortfalls may have a negative impact on the company's profitability. a delay in a small number of large, new software license transactions could cause the company's quarterly software license revenues to fall significantly short of its predictions.
risks associated with the spaceclaim and reaction design acquisitions. on april 30, 2014, the company completed the acquisition of spaceclaim. under the terms of the agreement, ansys acquired spaceclaim for a purchase price of $85.0 million, which was paid almost entirely in cash. on january 3, 2014, the company completed the acquisition of reaction design. under the terms of the agreement, ansys acquired reaction design for a purchase price of $19.1 million in cash. the acquisitions are expected to accelerate development of new and innovative products to the marketplace while lowering design and engineering costs for customers. the company will need to meet significant challenges to realize the expected benefits and synergies of the acquisitions. these challenges include:
•   integrating the management teams, strategies, cultures and operations of the companies;
•   retaining and assimilating the key personnel of each company;
•   retaining existing customers of each company;
•   developing new products and services that utilize the technologies and resources of the companies; and
•   creating uniform standards, controls, procedures, policies and information systems.
the accomplishment of these post-acquisition objectives will involve considerable risks, including:
•   the loss of key employees that are critical to the successful integration and future operations of the companies;
•   the potential disruption of each company's ongoing business and distraction of their respective management teams;
•   the difficulty and potential unanticipated expenses of incorporating acquired technology and rights into the company's products and services;
•   potential disruptions in each company's operations, loss of existing customers, loss of key information, expertise or know-how, and unanticipated additional recruitment and training costs;
•   possible inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies that could adversely affect the company's ability to maintain relationships with customers and employees or to achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions; and
the market price of the company's common stock may decline as a result of the acquisitions for a number of reasons, including:
•   the integration of spaceclaim and reaction design by the company may be unsuccessful; and
•   the company may not achieve the perceived benefits of the acquisitions as rapidly as or to the extent anticipated by financial or industry analysts.
if the company does not succeed in addressing these challenges or any other problems encountered in connection with the acquisitions, its operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected.
disruption of operations or infrastructure failures. a significant portion of the company's software development personnel, source code and computer equipment is located at operating facilities in the united states, canada, india, japan and throughout europe. the occurrence of a natural disaster or other unforeseen catastrophe at any of these facilities could cause interruptions in the company's operations, services and product development activities. additionally, if the company experiences problems that impair its business infrastructure, such as a computer virus, telephone system failure or an intentional disruption of its information technology systems by a third party, these interruptions could have a material, adverse effect on the company's business, financial position, results of operations, cash flows and the ability to meet financial reporting deadlines. further, because the company's sales are not generally linear during any quarterly period, the potential adverse effects resulting from any of the events described above or any other disruption of the company's business could be accentuated if it occurs close to the end of a fiscal quarter.
sales forecasts. the company makes many operational and strategic decisions based upon short- and long-term sales forecasts. the company's sales personnel continually monitor the status of all proposals, including the estimated closing date and the value of the sale, in order to forecast quarterly sales. these forecasts are subject to significant estimation and are impacted by many external factors, including global economic conditions and the performance of the company's customers. a variation in actual sales activity from that forecasted could cause the company to plan or budget incorrectly and, therefore, could adversely affect the company's business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. the company's management team forecasts macroeconomic trends and developments, and integrates them through long-range planning into budgets, research and development strategies and a wide variety of general management duties. global economic conditions, and the effect those conditions and other disruptions in global markets have on the company's customers, may have a significant impact on the accuracy of the company's sales forecasts. these conditions may increase the likelihood or the magnitude of variations between actual sales activity and the company's sales forecasts and, as a result, the company's performance may be hindered because of a failure to properly match corporate strategy with economic conditions. this, in turn, may adversely affect the company's business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
risks associated with significant sales to existing customers. a significant portion of the company's sales includes follow-on sales to existing customers that invest in the company's broad suite of engineering simulation software and services. if a significant number of current customers were to become dissatisfied with the company's products and services, or choose to license or utilize competitive offerings, the company's follow-on sales, and recurring lease and maintenance revenues, could be materially, adversely impacted, resulting in reduced revenue, operating margins, net income and cash flows.
periodic reorganization of sales force. the company relies heavily on its direct sales force. from time to time, the company reorganizes and makes adjustments to its sales leadership and/or its sales force in response to such factors as management changes, performance issues, market opportunities and other considerations. these changes may result in a temporary lack of sales production and may adversely impact revenue in future quarters. there can be no assurance that the company will not restructure its sales force in future periods or that the transition issues associated with such a restructuring will not occur.
income tax estimates. the company makes significant estimates in determining its worldwide income tax provision. these estimates involve complex tax regulations in a number of jurisdictions across the company's global operations and are subject to many transactions and calculations in which the ultimate tax outcome is uncertain. the final outcome of tax matters could be different than the estimates reflected in the historical income tax provision and related accruals. such differences could have a material impact on income tax expense and net income in the periods in which such determinations are made.
the amount of income tax paid by the company is subject to ongoing audits by federal, state and foreign tax authorities. these audits can often result in additional assessments, including interest and penalties. the company's estimate for liabilities associated with uncertain tax positions is highly judgmental and actual future outcomes may result in favorable or unfavorable adjustments to the company's estimated tax liabilities, including estimates for uncertain tax positions, in the period the assessments are made or resolved, audits are closed or when statutes of limitation on potential assessments expire. as a result, the company's effective tax rate may fluctuate significantly on a quarterly or annual basis.
the company allocates a portion of its purchase price to goodwill and intangible assets. impairment charges associated with goodwill are generally not tax-deductible and will result in an increased effective income tax rate in the period the impairment is recorded. the company has recorded significant deferred tax liabilities related to acquired intangible assets that are not deductible for tax purposes. these deferred tax liabilities are based on future statutory tax rates in the locations in which the intangible assets are recorded. any future changes in statutory tax rates would be recorded as an adjustment to the deferred tax liabilities in the period the change is announced, and could have a material impact on the company's effective tax rate during that period.
regulatory compliance. like all other public companies, the company is subject to the rules and regulations of the sec, including those that require the company to report on and receive an attestation from its independent registered public accounting firm regarding the company's internal control over financial reporting. compliance with these requirements causes the company to incur additional expenses and causes management to divert time from the day-to-day operations of the company. while the company anticipates being able to fully comply with these requirements, if it is not able to comply with the sarbanes-oxley reporting or attestation requirements relating to internal control over financial reporting, the company may be subject to sanctions by the sec or nasdaq. such sanctions could divert the attention of the company's management from implementing its business plan and could have an adverse effect on the company's business and results of operations.
as the company's stock is listed on the nasdaq global select market, the company is subject to the ongoing financial and corporate governance requirements of nasdaq. while the company anticipates being able to fully comply with these requirements, if it is not able to comply, the company's name may be published on nasdaq's daily non-compliant companies list until nasdaq determines that it has regained compliance or the company no longer trades on nasdaq. if the company were unable to return to compliance with the governance requirements of nasdaq, the company may be delisted from the nasdaq global select market, which could have an adverse effect on the market value of the company's equity securities and the ability to raise additional capital.
governmental revenue sources. the company's sales to the united states government must comply with federal acquisition regulations. failure to comply with these regulations could result in penalties being assessed against the company or an order preventing the company from making future sales to the united states government. further, the company's international activities must comply with the export control laws of the united states and other countries, the foreign corrupt practices act, the united kingdom bribery act of 2010 and a variety of other laws and regulations of the united states and other countries in which the company operates. failure to comply with any of these laws and regulations could adversely affect the company's business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
in certain circumstances, the united states government, state and local governments and their respective agencies, and certain foreign governments may have the right to terminate contractual arrangements at any time, without cause. the united states, european union and certain other government contracts, as well as the company's state and local level contracts, are subject to the approval of appropriations or funding authorizations. certain of these contracts permit the imposition of various civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including, but not limited to, termination of contracts, refund of a portion of fees received, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspensions or debarment from future government business, any of which could have an adverse effect on the company's results of operations and cash flows.
contingencies. the company is subject to various investigations, claims and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business, including commercial disputes, labor and employment matters, tax audits, alleged infringement of intellectual property rights and other matters. each of these matters is subject to various uncertainties, and it is possible that an unfavorable resolution of one or more of these matters could materially affect the company's results of operations, cash flows or financial position.
changes in existing financial accounting standards. changes in existing accounting rules or practices, new accounting pronouncements, or varying interpretations of current accounting pronouncements could have a significant, adverse effect on the company's results of operations or the manner in which the company conducts its business.
in may 2014, the financial accounting standards board (fasb) issued accounting standards update no. 2014-09, revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606) (asu 2014-09). asu 2014-09 supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance. the company is currently evaluating the effect that implementation of this update will have on its financial results upon adoption. this update will impact the timing and amounts of revenue recognized, including a potential impact on transactions completed prior to adoption, which could have a significant, adverse impact on the company's results of operations.
in addition, the company could incur significant costs for changes to its business systems, processes and internal controls as a result of the transition. these costs could have a significant, adverse impact on the company's results of operations and cash flows. the transition could also cause management to divert time from the day-to-day operations of the company, which could impact the company's business. if the company is unable to successfully transition its business systems, processes and internal controls before the guidance effective date, it could impact the ability to meet financial reporting deadlines.
changes in tax law. the company's operations are subject to income and transaction taxes in the united states and in multiple foreign jurisdictions. a change in the tax law in the jurisdictions in which the company does business, including an increase in tax rates, an adverse change in the treatment of an item of income or expense, or a decrease in tax rates in a jurisdiction in which the company has significant deferred tax assets, could result in a material increase in tax expense. currently, a substantial portion of the company's revenue is generated from customers located outside the united states, and a
substantial portion of assets are located outside the united states. united states income taxes and foreign withholding taxes have not been provided on undistributed earnings for non-united states subsidiaries to the extent such earnings are considered to be indefinitely reinvested in the operations of those subsidiaries. changes in existing taxation rules or practices, new taxation rules, or varying interpretations of current taxation practices could have a material, adverse effect on the company's results of operations or the manner in which the company conducts its business.
an indian subsidiary of the company received a formal inquiry after a service tax audit was held in 2011. the company could incur tax charges and related liabilities, including those related to the service tax audit case, of approximately $6 million. the service tax issues raised in the company's notice are very similar to the case, m/s microsoft corporation (i) (p) ltd. vs commissioner of service tax, new delhi, wherein the delhi customs, excise and service tax appellate tribunal (cestat) has passed a ruling favorable to microsoft. the company can provide no assurances on whether the microsoft case's favorable ruling will be challenged in higher courts or on the impact that the microsoft case's decision will have on the company's audit case. the company is uncertain as to when the service tax audit will be completed.
other court cases are pending in india that could have a material impact on the company's financial position, results of operations or cash flows if the ultimate outcome of those cases is similarly inconsistent with tax positions taken by the company.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview ansys, inc.'s results for the year ended december 31, 2014 reflect growth in revenue of 8.7%, operating income of 7.9% and diluted earnings per share of 4.7% as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. the company experienced higher revenue in 2014 from growth in both license and maintenance revenue. the increase in revenue was partially offset by increased operating expenses, including higher salaries and additional operating expenses related to the company's 2014 acquisitions. the net overall strengthening of the u.s. dollar resulted in decreased revenue of $7.6 million and decreased operating income of $5.1 million during the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. an $11.0 million tax benefit in 2013 did not recur in 2014, which adversely impacted earnings per share growth from 2013 to 2014.
the company's non-gaap results for the year ended december 31, 2014 reflect growth in revenue of 8.7%, operating income of 6.8% and diluted earnings per share of 4.9% as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. the non-gaap results exclude the income statement effects of the acquisition accounting adjustment to deferred revenue, stock-based compensation, acquisition-related amortization of intangible assets and transaction costs related to business combinations. for further disclosure regarding non-gaap results, see the section titled "non-gaap results" immediately preceding the section titled "liquidity and capital resources".
during the year ended december 31, 2014, the company repurchased 2,976,885 shares of treasury stock for $233.8 million at an average price of $78.54 per share. the company's financial position includes $788.8 million in cash and short-term investments, and working capital of $645.4 million as of december 31, 2014.
on april 30, 2014, the company completed the acquisition of spaceclaim, a leading provider of 3-d modeling technology. under the terms of the agreement, ansys acquired spaceclaim for a purchase price of $85.0 million, which was paid almost entirely in cash, plus retention vehicles and an adjustment for working capital. the operating results of spaceclaim have been included in the company's consolidated financial statements since the date of acquisition.
in february 2014, the company received a $26.8 million refund related to its 2009 and 2010 federal income tax returns. the company received notice from the internal revenue service in 2013 that the joint committee on taxation took no exception to the company's tax returns that were filed for 2009 and 2010.
on january 3, 2014, the company completed the acquisition of reaction design, a leading developer of chemistry simulation software, for a purchase price of $19.1 million in cash. the operating results of reaction design have been included in the company's consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition.
ansys develops and globally markets engineering simulation software and services widely used by engineers, designers, researchers and students across a broad spectrum of industries and academia, including aerospace, automotive, materials and chemical processing, turbomachinery, consumer products, electronics, biomedical, energy, defense and others. headquartered south of pittsburgh, pennsylvania, the company and its subsidiaries employed approximately 2,700 people as of december 31, 2014 and focus on the development of open and flexible solutions that enable users to analyze designs directly on the desktop, providing a common platform for fast, efficient and cost-conscious product development, from design concept to final-stage testing and validation. the company distributes its ansys suite of simulation technologies through a global network of independent channel partners and direct sales offices in strategic, global locations. it is the company's intention to continue to maintain this hybrid sales and distribution model.
the company licenses its technology to businesses, educational institutions and governmental agencies. growth in the company's revenue is affected by the strength of global economies, general business conditions, currency exchange rate fluctuations, customer budgetary constraints and the competitive position of the company's products. please see the sub-sections entitled "global economic conditions," "decline in customers' businesses," "risks associated with international activities," "rapidly changing technology; new products; risk of product defects" and "competition" under item 1a. risk factors for a complete discussion of how these factors might impact the company's financial condition and operating results. the company believes that the features, functionality and integrated multiphysics capabilities of its software products are as strong as they have ever been. however, the software business is generally characterized by long sales cycles. these long sales cycles increase the difficulty of predicting sales for any particular quarter. the company makes many operational and strategic decisions based upon short- and long-term sales forecasts that are impacted not only by these long sales cycles, but also by current global economic conditions. as a result, the company believes that its overall performance is best measured by fiscal year results rather than by quarterly results. please see the sub-section entitled "sales forecasts" under item 1a. risk factors
for a complete discussion of the potential impact of the company's sales forecasts on the company's financial condition, cash flows and operating results.
the company's management considers the competition and price pressure that it faces in the short- and long-term by focusing on expanding the breadth, depth, ease of use and quality of the technologies, features, functionality and integrated multiphysics capabilities of its software products as compared to its competitors; investing in research and development to develop new and innovative products and increase the capabilities of its existing products; supplying new products and services; focusing on customer needs, training, consulting and support; and enhancing its distribution channels. from time to time, the company also considers acquisitions to supplement its global engineering talent, product offerings and distribution channels.
geographic trends in north america, the company's performance was primarily driven by the aerospace and defense, automotive, automotive electronics and mobile electronics industries. this enabled north america to deliver 9% constant currency revenue growth for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014. electronics, efficiency and emissions continue to be the major trends driving technology investments in the automotive and ground transportation industries. in addition, the company continued to see increased interest and investment in high-performance computing across the company's customer base to accelerate workflows, systems engineering and smart product initiatives across multiple industries. the company's sales hiring, sales pipeline building and customer engagement activities in north america remain strong, as demand for innovation continues to drive simulation investments across a broad array of industries.
despite ongoing economic and geo-political challenges, europe delivered 7% constant currency revenue growth for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014. from an industry perspective, the company experienced growth from various chemicals and metals companies, which are focusing on energy efficiency, sustainability, emissions controls and developing engineered materials. the company's sales hiring and pipeline-building activities continued to progress, and solid customer renewal rates in europe remained intact.
the company's general international area was the company's strongest region with revenue growth of 13% in constant currency for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014. investments by chemicals and metals, commercial aerospace, networking equipment, wireless, power electronics and smart medical device companies drove the performance. throughout the year, the company continued to focus and make progress on sales leadership and internal sales improvement initiatives.
note about forward-looking statements the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. the company's discussion and analysis of its financial condition and results of operations are based upon the company's consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("gaap"). the preparation of these financial statements requires the company to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. on an ongoing basis, the company evaluates its estimates, including those related to fair value of stock, bad debts, contract revenue, valuation of goodwill, valuation of intangible assets, income taxes, and contingencies and litigation. the company bases its estimates on historical experience, market experience, estimated future cash flows and various other assumptions that management believes are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates.
this annual report on form 10-k contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, including, but not limited to, the following statements, as well as statements that contain such words as "anticipates", "intends", "believes", "plans" and other similar expressions:
•   the company's intentions related to investments in research and development, particularly as it relates to expanding the capabilities of its flagship products and other products within its broad portfolio of simulation software, the evolution of its ansys® workbenchtm platform, integrated multiphysics, expanding its hpc capabilities, an immersive user interface, robust design and ongoing integration of acquired technology.
•   the company's expectations regarding the accelerated development of new and innovative products to the marketplace while lowering design and engineering costs for customers as a result of the spaceclaim and reaction design acquisitions.
•   the company's statements regarding the impact of global economic conditions.
•   the company's statement regarding increased exposure to volatility of foreign exchange rates.
•   the company's expectations regarding the outcome of its service tax audit case.
•   the company's assessment of the ultimate liabilities arising from various investigations, claims and legal proceedings.
•   the company's statement regarding the strength of the features, functionality and integrated multiphysics capabilities of its software products.
•   the company's estimates regarding the expected impact on reported revenue related to the acquisition accounting treatment of deferred revenue.
•   the company's expectation that it will continue to make targeted investments in its global sales and marketing organization and its global business infrastructure to enhance major account sales activities and to support its worldwide sales distribution and marketing strategies, and the business in general.
•   the company's intention to repatriate previously taxed earnings and to reinvest all other earnings of its non-u.s. subsidiaries.
•   the company's plans related to future capital spending.
•   the sufficiency of existing cash and cash equivalent balances to meet future working capital and capital expenditure requirements.
•   the company's belief that the best uses of its excess cash are to invest in the business and repurchase stock in order to both offset dilution and return capital to stockholders in excess of its requirements with the goal of increasing stockholder value.
•   the company's intentions related to investments in complementary companies, products, services and technologies.
•   the company's expectations regarding future claims related to indemnification obligations.
•   the company's estimates regarding total compensation expense associated with granted stock-based awards for future years.
•   the company's assessment of its ability to realize deferred tax assets.
•   except for the service tax audit discussed in note 19 to the consolidated financial statements included in part iv, item 15 of this annual report on form 10-k, the company's expectation that foreign or state examinations will not result in a material change to the consolidated financial statements.
forward-looking statements should not be unduly relied upon because they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond the company's control. the company's actual results could differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. certain factors that might cause such a difference include risks and uncertainties detailed in item 1a. risk factors.
acquisitions date of closing   company                              details april 30, 2014    spaceclaim corporation               spaceclaim, a leading provider of 3-d modeling technology, was acquired for $85.0 million. spaceclaim's software provides customers with a powerful and intuitive 3-d direct modeling solution to author new concepts and then leverage the power of simulation to rapidly iterate on these designs to drive innovation.
january 3, 2014   reaction design                      reaction design, a leading developer of chemistry simulation software, was acquired for $19.1 million in cash. reaction design's solutions enable transportation manufacturers and energy companies to rapidly achieve their clean technology goals by automating the analysis of chemical processes via computer simulation and modeling solutions.
april 2, 2013     even - evolutionary engineering ag   even, a leading provider of composite analysis and optimization technology relying on cloud computing, was acquired for $8.1 million. the acquisition strengthens the company's simulation solutions for composites technology, which has become a standard in manufacturing in a wide range of industries due to its combination of light weight, high strength and outstanding flexibility.
august 1, 2012    esterel technologies, s.a.           esterel, a leading provider of embedded software simulation solutions for mission critical applications, was acquired for $58.2 million. esterel's software enables software and systems engineers to design, simulate and automatically produce certified embedded software, which is the control code built into the electronics in aircraft, rail transportation, automotive, energy systems, medical devices and other industrial products that have central processing units.
for further information on the company's business combinations, see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements included in part iv, item 15 of this annual report on form 10-k.
results of operations for purposes of the following discussion and analysis, the table below sets forth certain consolidated financial data for the years 2014, 2013 and 2012. the operating results of the company's acquisitions have been included in the results of operations since their respective acquisition dates.
software licenses                            $564,502                $528,944                $501,870
maintenance and service                       371,519                 332,316                 296,148
cost of sales:
software licenses                              30,607                  28,363                  24,512
maintenance and service                        85,126                  80,031                  74,115
total cost of sales                           153,386                 146,692                 139,516
gross profit                                  782,635                 714,568                 658,502
operating expenses:
research and development                      165,421                 151,439                 132,628
total operating expenses                      435,185                 392,705                 364,249
operating income                              347,450                 321,863                 294,253
year ended december 31,                     change
software licenses                        564,502                   528,944            35,558            6.7
maintenance                              346,698                   309,085            37,613           12.2
service                                   24,821                    23,231             1,590            6.8
maintenance and service                  371,519                   332,316            39,203           11.8
the company's revenue increased 8.7% during the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, including increases in all major revenue categories. the growth was partially influenced by benefits from the company's continued investment in its global sales and marketing organization. revenue from lease licenses increased 6.8% as compared to the prior year due primarily to growth in lease license revenue of power analysis and electronics products. perpetual license revenue, which is derived primarily from new sales, increased 6.6% as compared to the prior year. annual maintenance contracts that were sold with new perpetual licenses, along with maintenance contracts sold with new perpetual licenses in previous years, contributed to maintenance revenue growth of 12.2%.
with respect to revenue, on average for the year ended december 31, 2014, the u.s. dollar was 1.6% stronger, when measured against the company's primary foreign currencies, than for the year ended december 31, 2013. the net overall strengthening resulted in decreased revenue of $7.6 million during the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. the impact on revenue was primarily driven by $9.8 million of adverse impact due to a weakening japanese yen, partially offset by $1.9 million of favorable impact due to a strengthening british pound. the net overall strengthening of the u.s. dollar also resulted in decreased operating income of $5.1 million during the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013.
a substantial portion of the company's license and maintenance revenue is derived from annual lease and maintenance contracts. these contracts are generally renewed on an annual basis and typically have a high rate of customer renewal. in addition to the recurring revenue base associated with these contracts, a majority of customers purchasing new perpetual licenses also purchase related annual maintenance contracts. as a result of the significant recurring revenue base, the company's license and maintenance revenue growth rate in any period does not necessarily correlate to the growth rate of new license and maintenance contracts sold during that period. to the extent the rate of customer renewal for lease and maintenance contracts is high, incremental lease contracts, and maintenance contracts sold with new perpetual licenses, will result in license and maintenance revenue growth. conversely, if the rate of renewal for these contracts is adversely affected by economic or other factors, the company's license and maintenance growth will be adversely affected over the term that the revenue for those contracts would have otherwise been recognized.
international and domestic revenues, as a percentage of total revenue, were 65.8% and 34.2%, respectively, during the year ended december 31, 2014, and 66.1% and 33.9%, respectively, during the year ended december 31, 2013. the company derived 24.9% and 25.3% of its total revenue through the indirect sales channel for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
in valuing deferred revenue on the balance sheets of the company's recent acquisitions as of their respective acquisition dates, the company applied the fair value provisions applicable to the accounting for business combinations, resulting in a reduction of deferred revenue as compared to its historical carrying amount. as a result, the company's post-acquisition revenue will be less than the sum of what would have otherwise been reported by ansys and its subsidiaries absent the acquisitions. the impact on reported revenue for the year ended december 31, 2014 was $5.4 million. the expected impact on reported revenue is $1.2 million for the year ending december 31, 2015.
cost of sales and gross profit:
2014                                                                                             2013                                        change
(in thousands, except percentages)             amount        % ofrevenue                  amount        % ofrevenue               amount              %
cost of sales:
software licenses                        $30,607                     3.3            $28,363                     3.3          $2,244             7.9
maintenance and service                   85,126                     9.1             80,031                     9.3           5,095             6.4
total cost of sales                      153,386                    16.4            146,692                    17.0           6,694             4.6
gross profit                            $782,635                    83.6           $714,568                    83.0         $68,067             9.5
software licenses: the increase in costs of software licenses was primarily due to the following:
•   spaceclaim-related costs of software licenses of $0.8 million for the period from the acquisition date (april 30, 2014) through december 31, 2014.
•   increased salaries of $0.6 million.
amortization: the decrease in amortization expense was primarily due to a net decrease in amortization of acquired technology, partially offset by an increase in trade name amortization.
maintenance and service: the increase in maintenance and service costs was primarily due to the following:
•   increased salaries of $3.0 million.
•   increased third-party technical support of $1.0 million.
the improvement in gross profit was a result of the increase in revenue offset by a smaller increase in related cost of sales.
operating expenses:
2014                                                                                              2013                                  change
(in thousands, except percentages)              amount        % ofrevenue                  amount        % ofrevenue               amount         %
operating expenses:
research and development                  165,421                    17.7            151,439                    17.6          13,982            9.2
total operating expenses                 $435,185                    46.5           $392,705                    45.6         $42,480           10.8
•   increased salaries, incentive compensation and other headcount-related costs of $9.8 million, primarily due to an increase in headcount.
•   spaceclaim-related selling, general and administrative costs of $4.6 million for the period from the acquisition date (april 30, 2014) through december 31, 2014.
•   increased severance costs of $3.2 million.
•   reaction design-related selling, general and administrative costs of $2.3 million for the period from the acquisition date (january 3, 2014) through december 31, 2014.
•   increased third-party commissions of $2.1 million.
the company anticipates that it will continue to make targeted investments in its global sales and marketing organization and its global business infrastructure to enhance major account sales activities and to support its worldwide sales distribution and marketing strategies, and the business in general.
research and development: the increase in research and development costs was primarily due to the following:
•   increased salaries and other headcount-related costs of $5.9 million, primarily due to an increase in headcount.
•   spaceclaim-related research and development costs of $2.3 million for the period from the acquisition date (april 30, 2014) through december 31, 2014.
•   reaction design-related research and development costs of $2.3 million for the period from the acquisition date (january 3, 2014) through december 31, 2014.
•   increased stock-based compensation of $1.2 million.
the company has traditionally invested significant resources in research and development activities and intends to continue to make investments in this area, particularly as it relates to expanding the capabilities of its flagship products and other products within its broad portfolio of simulation software, the evolution of its ansys® workbenchtm platform, integrated multiphysics, expanding its hpc capabilities, an immersive user interface, robust design and ongoing integration of acquired technology.
amortization: the increase in amortization expense was primarily due to a net increase in amortization of customer lists, partially offset by a net decrease in amortization of contract backlog.
interest expense: the company's interest expense consists of the following:
amortization of debt financing costs           -                     149
interest income: interest income for the year ended december 31, 2014 was $3.0 million as compared to $2.8 million during the year ended december 31, 2013. interest income increased as a result of an increase in the company's average invested cash balances.
other expense, net: the company's other expense consists of the following:
income tax provision: the company recorded income tax expense of $93.4 million and had income before income taxes of $348.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, representing an effective tax rate of 26.8%. during the year ended december 31, 2013, the company recorded income tax expense of $77.2 million and had income before income taxes of $322.5 million, representing an effective tax rate of 23.9%.
in december 2013, the company received notice from the irs that the joint committee on taxation took no exception to the company's tax returns that were filed for 2009 and 2010. an $11.0 million tax benefit was recognized in the company's 2013 financial results as the company had effectively settled uncertainty regarding the realization of refund claims filed in connection with the 2009 and 2010 returns.
in the u.s., which is the largest jurisdiction where the company receives such a tax credit, the availability of the research and development credit expired at the end of the 2011 tax year. in january 2013, the u.s. congress passed legislation that reinstated the research and development credit retroactive to 2012. the income tax provision for the year ended december 31, 2013 includes approximately $2.3 million related to the reinstated research and development credit for 2012 activity. the research and development credit also expired at the end of the 2013 tax year, but the u.s. congress reinstated the credit in december 2014 for the 2014 tax year.
the increase in the effective tax rate from the prior year is primarily due to the release of an uncertain tax position and the reinstatement of the u.s. research and development credit mentioned above impacting the prior year rate. when compared to the federal and state combined statutory rate, the effective tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 were favorably impacted by the domestic manufacturing deduction and tax benefits associated with the merger of the company's japan subsidiaries in 2010. the rates were also favorably impacted by the recurring item of lower statutory tax rates in many of the company's foreign jurisdictions. the relative amount of income earned in foreign jurisdictions is expected to be fairly consistent in the near term.
net income: the company's net income for the year ended december 31, 2014 was $254.7 million as compared to net income of $245.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. diluted earnings per share was $2.70 for the year ended december 31, 2014 and $2.58 for the year ended december 31, 2013. the weighted average shares used in computing diluted earnings per share were 94.2 million and 95.1 million for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
year ended december 31,                     change
software licenses                        528,944                   501,870            27,074            5.4
maintenance                              309,085                   275,498            33,587           12.2
service                                   23,231                    20,650             2,581           12.5
maintenance and service                  332,316                   296,148            36,168           12.2
the company's revenue increased 7.9% in 2013 as compared to 2012, including increases in all major revenue categories. the company's revenue included esterel operations for the full year in 2013 of $18.8 million as compared to five months in 2012 of $3.3 million. the growth was partially influenced by benefits from the company's continued investment in its global sales and marketing organization. annual maintenance contracts that were sold with new perpetual licenses, along with maintenance contracts sold with new perpetual licenses in previous years, contributed to maintenance revenue growth of 12.2%. revenue from lease licenses increased 6.6% as compared to the prior year due to an increase in power-analysis-related lease license revenue and growth in sales of other lease licenses. perpetual license revenue, which is derived entirely from new sales during the period, increased 3.9% as compared to the prior year, due to increased perpetual license sales across most product lines, as well as a full year of esterel activity in 2013 as compared to five months in 2012. service revenue increased 12.5% as compared to the prior year due to an increase in engineering consulting projects.
with respect to revenue, on average for the year ended december 31, 2013, the u.s. dollar was 4.0% stronger, when measured against the company's primary foreign currencies, than for the year ended december 31, 2012. the net overall strengthening, primarily related to the japanese yen, resulted in decreased revenue and operating income during 2013, as compared to 2012, of $17.6 million and $12.2 million, respectively.
international and domestic revenues, as a percentage of total revenue, were 66.1% and 33.9%, respectively, during the year ended december 31, 2013, and 66.7% and 33.3%, respectively, during the year ended december 31, 2012. the company derived 25.3% and 26.0% of its total revenue through the indirect sales channel for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
in valuing deferred revenue on the esterel and apache design, inc. ("apache") balance sheets as of their respective acquisition dates, the company applied the fair value provisions applicable to the accounting for business combinations, resulting in lower amounts of revenue than esterel and apache would have recognized absent the acquisitions. the impact on reported revenue for the year ended december 31, 2013 was $4.6 million.
cost of sales and gross profit:
2013                                                                                             2012                                         change
(in thousands, except percentages)             amount        % ofrevenue                  amount        % ofrevenue               amount               %
cost of sales:
software licenses                        $28,363                     3.3            $24,512                     3.1          $3,851             15.7
maintenance and service                   80,031                     9.3             74,115                     9.3           5,916              8.0
total cost of sales                      146,692                    17.0            139,516                    17.5           7,176              5.1
gross profit                            $714,568                    83.0           $658,502                    82.5         $56,066              8.5
software licenses: the increase in costs of software licenses was primarily due to the following:
•   increased salaries and incentive compensation of $2.2 million.
•   increased third-party royalties of $0.9 million.
•   increased esterel-related costs of $0.7 million, primarily as a result of a full year of esterel activity in 2013 as compared to five months of activity in 2012.
amortization: the decrease in amortization expense was primarily due to a net decrease in amortization of acquired technology.
maintenance and service: the increase in maintenance and service costs was primarily due to the following:
•   increased salaries and headcount-related costs of $2.6 million.
•   increased third-party technical support of $1.4 million.
•   increased esterel-related costs of $0.6 million, primarily as a result of a full year of esterel activity in 2013 as compared to five months of activity in 2012.
•   increased depreciation expense of $0.5 million.
the improvement in gross profit was a result of the increase in revenue offset by a smaller increase in related cost of sales.
operating expenses:
2013                                                                                              2012                                          change
(in thousands, except percentages)              amount        % ofrevenue                  amount        % ofrevenue               amount                %
operating expenses:
research and development                  151,439                    17.6            132,628                    16.6          18,811              14.2
total operating expenses                 $392,705                    45.6           $364,249                    45.6         $28,456               7.8
•   increased salaries of $4.9 million, primarily due to an increase in headcount.
•   increased esterel-related expenses of $4.5 million, primarily as a result of a full year of esterel activity in 2013 as compared to five months of activity in 2012.
•   increased stock-based compensation of $1.6 million.
research and development: the increase in research and development costs was primarily due to the following:
•   increased salaries, incentive compensation and other headcount-related costs of $11.0 million, primarily due to an increase in headcount.
•   increased esterel-related expenses of $3.1 million, primarily as a result of a full year of esterel activity in 2013 as compared to five months of activity in 2012.
•   increased facilities and it-related maintenance costs of $1.7 million.
•   increased stock-based compensation of $1.4 million.
•   even-related research and development costs of $1.4 million for the period from the acquisition date (april 2, 2013) through december 31, 2013.
amortization: the decrease in amortization expense was primarily due to a net decrease in amortization of acquired intangible assets, including contract backlog and customer lists.
interest expense: the company's interest expense consists of the following:
amortization of debt financing costs         149                     698
interest income: interest income for the year ended december 31, 2013 was $2.8 million as compared to $3.4 million during the year ended december 31, 2012. interest income decreased as a result of a decrease in the average rate of return on invested cash balances.
other expense, net: the company's other expense consists of the following:
income tax provision: the company recorded income tax expense of $77.2 million and had income before income taxes of $322.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2013, representing an effective tax rate of 23.9%. during the year ended december 31, 2012, the company recorded income tax expense of $90.1 million and had income before income taxes of $293.5 million, representing an effective tax rate of 30.7%.
in december 2013, the company received notice from the irs that the joint committee on taxation took no exception to the company's tax returns that were filed for 2009 and 2010. an $11.0 million tax benefit was recognized in the company's 2013 financial results as the company had effectively settled uncertainty regarding the realization of refund claims filed in connection with the 2009 and 2010 returns.
in the u.s., which is the largest jurisdiction where the company receives such a tax credit, the availability of the research and development credit expired at the end of the 2011 tax year. in january 2013, the u.s. congress passed legislation that reinstated the research and development credit retroactive to 2012. the income tax provision for the year ended december 31, 2013 includes approximately $2.3 million related to the reinstated research and development credit for 2012 activity.
the decrease in the effective tax rate from the prior year is primarily due to the release of an uncertain tax position mentioned above, the reinstatement of the u.s. research and development credit mentioned above, and cash repatriation activities. when compared to the federal and state combined statutory rate, the effective tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012 were favorably impacted by lower statutory tax rates in many of the company's foreign jurisdictions, the domestic manufacturing deduction and tax benefits associated with the merger of the company's japan subsidiaries in 2010.
net income: the company's net income for the year ended december 31, 2013 was $245.3 million as compared to net income of $203.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2012. diluted earnings per share was $2.58 for the year ended december 31, 2013 and $2.14 for the year ended december 31, 2012. the weighted average shares used in computing diluted earnings per share were 95.1 million and 95.0 million for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
non-gaap results the company provides non-gaap revenue, non-gaap operating income, non-gaap operating profit margin, non-gaap net income and non-gaap diluted earnings per share as supplemental measures to gaap measures regarding the company's operational performance. these financial measures exclude the impact of certain items and, therefore, have not been calculated in accordance with gaap. a detailed explanation and a reconciliation of each non-gaap financial measure to its most comparable gaap financial measure are described below.
(in thousands, except percentages and per share data)          asreported           adjustments               non-gaapresults              asreported           adjustments               non-gaapresults total revenue                                              $936,021                $5,421         (1)        $941,442                  $861,260                $4,632         (4)        $865,892
operating income                                            347,450               104,403         (2)         451,853                   321,863               101,232         (5)         423,095
operating profit margin                                        37.1     %                                        48.0       %              37.4     %                                        48.9       %
(1)   amount represents the revenue not reported during the period as a result of the acquisition accounting adjustment associated with accounting for deferred revenue in business combinations.
(2)   amount represents $61.0 million of amortization expense associated with intangible assets acquired in business combinations, $36.9 million of stock-based compensation expense, the $5.4 million adjustment to revenue as reflected in (1) above and $1.1 million of transaction expenses related to business combinations.
(3)   amount represents the impact of the adjustments to operating income referred to in (2) above, adjusted for the related income tax impact of $35.7 million.
(4)   amount represents the revenue not reported during the period as a result of the acquisition accounting adjustment associated with accounting for deferred revenue in business combinations.
(5)   amount represents $60.7 million of amortization expense associated with intangible assets acquired in business combinations, $35.3 million of stock-based compensation expense, the $4.6 million adjustment to revenue as reflected in (4) above and $0.6 million of transaction expenses related to business combinations.
(6)   amount represents the impact of the adjustments to operating income referred to in (5) above, adjusted for the related income tax impact of $35.0 million.
note: the 2013 gaap and non-gaap net income and earnings per share data reflected above include $11.0 million of incremental tax benefits, or $0.12 per diluted share, related to the notification received from the irs that the joint committee on taxation took no exception to the company's tax returns that were filed for 2009 and 2010, thus effectively settling the uncertainty regarding refund claims filed in connection with those returns.
(in thousands, except percentages and per share data)          asreported           adjustments               non-gaapresults              asreported           adjustments               non-gaapresults total revenue                                              $861,260                $4,632         (1)        $865,892                  $798,018                $9,636         (4)        $807,654
operating income                                            321,863               101,232         (2)         423,095                   294,253               110,290         (5)         404,543
operating profit margin                                        37.4     %                                        48.9       %              36.9     %                                        50.1       %
(1)   amount represents the revenue not reported during the period as a result of the acquisition accounting adjustment associated with accounting for deferred revenue in business combinations.
(2)   amount represents $60.7 million of amortization expense associated with intangible assets acquired in business combinations, $35.3 million of stock-based compensation expense, the $4.6 million adjustment to revenue as reflected in (1) above and $0.6 million of transaction expenses related to business combinations.
(3)   amount represents the impact of the adjustments to operating income referred to in (2) above, adjusted for the related income tax impact of $35.0 million.
(4)   amount represents the revenue not reported during the period as a result of the acquisition accounting adjustment associated with accounting for deferred revenue in business combinations.
(5)   amount represents $67.3 million of amortization expense associated with intangible assets acquired in business combinations, $32.4 million of stock-based compensation expense, the $9.6 million adjustment to revenue as reflected in (4) above and $0.9 million of transaction expenses related to the esterel acquisition.
(6)   amount represents the impact of the adjustments to operating income referred to in (5) above, adjusted for the related income tax impact of $37.0 million.
note: the 2013 gaap and non-gaap net income and earnings per share data reflected above include $11.0 million of incremental tax benefits, or $0.12 per diluted share, related to the notification received from the irs that the joint committee on taxation took no exception to the company's tax returns that were filed for 2009 and 2010, thus effectively settling the uncertainty regarding refund claims filed in connection with those returns.
non-gaap measures management uses non-gaap financial measures (a) to evaluate the company's historical and prospective financial performance as well as its performance relative to its competitors, (b) to set internal sales targets and spending budgets, (c) to allocate resources, (d) to measure operational profitability and the accuracy of forecasting, (e) to assess financial discipline over operational expenditures and (f) as an important factor in determining variable compensation for management and its employees. in addition, many financial analysts that follow the company focus on and publish both historical results and future projections based on non-gaap financial measures. the company believes that it is in the best interest of its investors to provide this information to analysts so that they accurately report the non-gaap financial information. moreover, investors have historically requested and the company has historically reported these non-gaap financial measures as a means of providing consistent and comparable information with past reports of financial results.
while management believes that these non-gaap financial measures provide useful supplemental information to investors, there are limitations associated with the use of these non-gaap financial measures. these non-gaap financial measures are not prepared in accordance with gaap, are not reported by all of the company's competitors and may not be directly comparable to similarly titled measures of the company's competitors due to potential differences in the exact method of calculation. the company compensates for these limitations by using these non-gaap financial measures as supplements to gaap financial measures and by reviewing the reconciliations of the non-gaap financial measures to their most comparable gaap financial measures.
the adjustments to these non-gaap financial measures, and the basis for such adjustments, are outlined below:
acquisition accounting for deferred revenue and its related tax impact. historically, the company has consummated acquisitions in order to support its strategic and other business objectives. in accordance with the fair value provisions applicable to the accounting for business combinations, acquired deferred revenue is often recorded on the opening balance sheet at an amount that is lower than the historical carrying value. although this purchase accounting requirement has no impact on the company's business or cash flow, it adversely impacts the company's reported gaap revenue in the reporting periods following an acquisition. in order to provide investors with financial information that facilitates comparison of both historical and future results, the company provides non-gaap financial measures which exclude the impact of the acquisition accounting adjustment. the company believes that this non-gaap financial adjustment is useful to investors because it allows investors to (a) evaluate the effectiveness of the methodology and information used by management in its financial and operational decision-making, and (b) compare past and future reports of financial results of the company as the revenue reduction related to acquired deferred revenue will not recur when related annual lease licenses and software maintenance contracts are renewed in future periods.
amortization of intangibles from acquisitions and its related tax impact. the company incurs amortization of intangibles, included in its gaap presentation of amortization expense, related to various acquisitions it has made in recent years. management excludes these expenses and their related tax impact for the purpose of calculating non-gaap operating income, non-gaap operating profit margin, non-gaap net income and non-gaap diluted earnings per share when it evaluates the continuing operational performance of the company because these costs are fixed at the time of an acquisition, are then amortized over a period of several years after the acquisition and generally cannot be changed or influenced by management after the acquisition. accordingly, management does not consider these expenses for purposes of evaluating the performance of the company during the applicable time period after the acquisition, and it excludes such expenses when making decisions to allocate resources. the company believes that these non-gaap financial measures are useful to investors because they allow investors to (a) evaluate the effectiveness of the methodology and information used by management in its financial and operational decision-making, and (b) compare past reports of financial results of the company as the company has historically reported these non-gaap financial measures.
stock-based compensation expense and its related tax impact. the company incurs expense related to stock-based compensation included in its gaap presentation of cost of software licenses; cost of maintenance and service; research and development expense and selling, general and administrative expense. although stock-based compensation is an expense of the company and viewed as a form of compensation, management excludes these expenses for the purpose of calculating non-gaap operating income, non-gaap operating profit margin, non-gaap net income and non-gaap diluted earnings per share when it evaluates the continuing operational performance of the company. specifically, the company excludes stock-based compensation during its annual budgeting process and its quarterly and annual assessments of the company's and management's performance. the annual budgeting process is the primary mechanism whereby the company allocates resources to various initiatives and operational requirements. additionally, the annual review by the board of directors during which it compares the company's historical business model and profitability to the planned business model and profitability for the forthcoming year excludes the impact of stock-based compensation. in evaluating the performance of senior management and department managers, charges related to stock-based compensation are excluded from expenditure and profitability results. in fact, the company records stock-based compensation expense into a stand-alone cost center for which no single operational manager is responsible or accountable. in this way, management is able to review, on a period-to-period basis, each manager's performance and assess financial discipline over operational expenditures without the effect of stock-based compensation. the company believes that these non-gaap financial measures are useful to investors because they allow investors to (a) evaluate the company's operating results and the effectiveness of the methodology used by management to review the company's operating results, and (b) review historical comparability in the company's financial reporting as well as comparability with competitors' operating results.
transaction costs related to business combinations. the company incurs expenses for professional services rendered in connection with business combinations, which are included in its gaap presentation of selling, general and administrative expense. these expenses are generally not tax-deductible. management excludes these acquisition-related transaction expenses for the purpose of calculating non-gaap operating income, non-gaap operating profit margin, non-gaap net income and non-gaap diluted earnings per share when it evaluates the continuing operational performance of the company, as it generally would not have otherwise incurred these expenses in the periods presented as a part of its continuing operations. the company believes that these non-gaap financial measures are useful to investors because they allow investors to (a) evaluate the company's operating results and the effectiveness of the methodology used by management to review the company's operating results, and (b) review historical comparability in the company's financial reporting as well as comparability with competitors' operating results.
non-gaap financial measures are not in accordance with, or an alternative for, gaap. the company's non-gaap financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable gaap financial measures, and should be read only in conjunction with the company's consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with gaap.
the company has provided a reconciliation of the non-gaap financial measures to the most directly comparable gaap financial measures as listed below:
gaap reporting measure       non-gaap reporting measure revenue                      non-gaap revenue operating income             non-gaap operating income operating profit margin      non-gaap operating profit margin net income                   non-gaap net income diluted earnings per share   non-gaap diluted earnings per share
liquidity and capital resources as of december 31,   change
working capital                                            $645,394                $627,165        $18,229            2.9   %
cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments cash and cash equivalents consist primarily of highly liquid investments such as money market mutual funds and deposits held at major banks. short-term investments consist primarily of deposits held by certain foreign subsidiaries of the company with original maturities of three months to one year. the following table presents the company's foreign and domestic holdings of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments:
as of december 31,
(in thousands)              2014        % of total      2013                       % of total domestic            $556,328             70.5   %              $530,680             71.4   %
if the foreign balances were repatriated to the u.s., they would be subject to domestic tax, resulting in a tax obligation in the period of repatriation. in general, it is the practice and intention of the company to repatriate previously taxed earnings and to reinvest all other earnings of its non-u.s. subsidiaries. the amount of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments held by foreign subsidiaries is subject to translation adjustments caused by changes in foreign currency exchange rates as of the end of each respective reporting period, the offset to which is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income on the company's consolidated balance sheet.
cash flows from operating activities year ended december 31,                                       change
net cash provided by operating activities          $385,307                $332,983                $298,415            $52,324                 $34,568
cash flows from operations increased during the current fiscal year due to increased net cash flows from operating assets and liabilities of $38.1 million, including a $26.8 million refund related to the company's 2009 and 2010 federal income tax returns, and increased net income (net of non-cash operating adjustments) of $14.2 million.
cash flows from operations increased during the prior fiscal year due to increased net income (net of non-cash operating adjustments) of $39.3 million and decreased net cash flows from operating assets and liabilities of $4.8 million.
cash flows from investing activities year ended december 31,                                            change
cash used in investing activities increased during the current fiscal year due primarily to increased acquisition-related cash outlays of $98.8 million related to the acquisitions of spaceclaim and reaction design as discussed below, partially offset by decreased capital spending of $2.8 million. the company currently plans capital spending of $25 million to $30 million during fiscal year 2015 as compared to $26.0 million that was spent in 2014. the level of spending will be dependent upon various factors, including growth of the business and general economic conditions.
cash used in investing activities decreased during the prior fiscal year due primarily to decreased acquisition-related cash outlays of $40.9 million and increased capital spending of $4.9 million.
year ended december 31,                                            change
cash used in financing activities increased during the current fiscal year due primarily to increased treasury stock repurchases of $117.7 million, partially offset by decreased principal payments on long-term debt of $53.1 million. the company paid the outstanding balance of its term loan at maturity on july 31, 2013.
cash used in financing activities increased during the prior fiscal year due primarily to increased treasury stock repurchases of $20.7 million, decreased excess tax benefits from stock option exercises of $3.9 million and restricted stock withholding taxes paid in lieu of issued shares of $4.3 million, partially offset by decreased principal payments on long-term debt of $21.3 million.
other cash flow information on february 3, 2015, the company acquired the assets of newmerical technologies international ("nti"), a leading developer of in-flight icing simulation software, for a purchase price of approximately $10.5 million in cash. the acquisition will be accounted for as a business combination. the operating results of nti will be included in the company's consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition and, accordingly, nti's operating results are not included in the financial results presented in this annual report on form 10-k.
on april 30, 2014, the company completed the acquisition of spaceclaim, a leading provider of 3-d modeling technology. under the terms of the agreement, ansys acquired spaceclaim for a purchase price of $85.0 million, which was paid almost entirely in cash. the operating results of spaceclaim have been included in the company's consolidated financial statements since the date of acquisition.
on january 3, 2014, the company completed the acquisition of reaction design, a leading developer of chemistry simulation software, for a purchase price of $19.1 million in cash. the operating results of reaction design are included in the company's consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition.
the company believes that existing cash and cash equivalent balances of $788.1 million, together with cash generated from operations, will be sufficient to meet the company's working capital and capital expenditure requirements through the next twelve months. the company's cash requirements in the future may also be financed through additional equity or debt financings. there can be no assurance that such financings can be obtained on favorable terms, if at all.
under the company's stock repurchase program, the company repurchased shares as follows:
number of shares repurchased                         2,976,885               1,494,001               1,500,000
as of december 31, 2014, 3.5 million shares remained available for repurchase under the company's stock repurchase program. the company repurchased an additional 0.9 million shares in january 2015, for a total cost of $75.2 million. in february 2015, the company's board of directors increased the number of shares authorized for repurchase to a total of 5.0 million shares under the program.
the company continues to generate positive cash flows from operating activities and believes that the best uses of its excess cash are to invest in the business and repurchase stock in order to both offset dilution and return capital to stockholders in excess of its requirements with the goal of increasing stockholder value. additionally, the company has in the past, and expects in the future, to acquire or make investments in complementary companies, products, services and technologies. any future acquisitions may be funded by available cash and investments, cash generated from operations, credit facilities, or the issuance of additional securities.
off-balance-sheet arrangements the company does not have any special-purpose entities or off-balance-sheet financing.
contractual obligations the company's significant contractual obligations as of december 31, 2014 are summarized below:
(in thousands)                                                                                      total            within 1 year           2 - 3 years           4 - 5 years       after 5 years global headquarters operating lease(1)                                                        $49,415                $4,278                 $8,556                $8,556             $28,025
other operating leases(2)                                                                      29,838                10,397                 12,100                 4,603             2,738
(1)   on september 14, 2012, the company entered into a lease agreement for 186,000 square feet of rentable space located in an office facility in canonsburg, pennsylvania, which serves as the company's new headquarters. the lease was effective as of september 14, 2012, but because the leased premises were under construction, the company was not obligated to pay rent until three months following the date that the leased premises were delivered to ansys, which occurred on october 1, 2014. the term of the lease is 183 months, beginning on october 1, 2014. the company shall have a one-time right to terminate the lease effective upon the last day of the tenth full year following the date of possession (december 31, 2024), by providing the landlord with at least 18 months' prior written notice of such termination. the company's lease for its prior headquarters expired on december 31, 2014.
(2)   other operating leases primarily include noncancellable lease commitments for the company's other domestic and international offices as well as certain operating equipment.
(3)   unconditional purchase obligations primarily include software licenses and long-term purchase contracts for network, communication and office maintenance services, which are unrecorded as of december 31, 2014.
(4)   the company has $17.3 million of unrecognized tax benefits, including estimated interest and penalties, that have been recorded as liabilities in accordance with income tax accounting guidance for which the company is uncertain as to if or when such amounts may be settled. as a result, such amounts are excluded from the table above.
(5)   other long-term obligations primarily include deferred compensation of $18.5 million (including estimated imputed interest of $300,000 within 1 year, $450,000 within 2-3 years and $90,000 within 4-5 years), pension obligations of $6.3 million for certain foreign locations of the company and contingent consideration of $2.8 million (including estimated imputed interest of $270,000 within 1 year and $390,000 within 2-3 years).
critical accounting policies and estimates the company believes that the following critical accounting policies affect the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of its consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition:  revenue is derived principally from the licensing of computer software products and from related maintenance contracts. revenue from perpetual licenses is classified as license revenue and is recognized upon delivery of the licensed product and the utility that enables the customer to access authorization keys, provided that acceptance has occurred and a signed contractual obligation has been received, the price is fixed and determinable, and collectibility of the receivable is probable. the company determines the fair value of post-contract customer support ("pcs") sold together with perpetual licenses based on the rate charged for pcs when sold separately. revenue from pcs contracts is classified as maintenance and service revenue and is recognized ratably over the term of the contract.
revenue for software lease licenses is classified as license revenue and is recognized over the period of the lease contract. typically, the company's software leases include pcs which, due to the short term (principally one year or less) of the company's software lease licenses, cannot be separated from lease revenue for accounting purposes. as a result, both the lease license and pcs are recognized ratably over the lease period. due to the short-term nature of the software lease licenses and the frequency with which the company provides major product upgrades (typically every 12-18 months), the company does not believe that a significant portion of the fee paid under the arrangement is attributable to the pcs component of the arrangement and, as a result, includes the revenue for the entire arrangement within software license revenue in the consolidated statements of income.
the company's apache products are typically licensed via longer term leases of 24-36 months. the company recognizes revenue for these licenses over the term of the lease contract. because the company does not have vendor-specific objective evidence of the fair value of these leases, the company also recognizes revenue from perpetual licenses over the term of the lease contract during the infrequent occurrence of these licenses being sold with apache leases in multiple-element arrangements.
revenue from training, support and other services is recognized as the services are performed. the company applies the specific performance method to contracts in which the service consists of a single act, such as providing a training class to a customer, and the proportional performance method to other service contracts that are longer in duration and often include multiple acts (for example, both training and consulting). in applying the proportional performance method, the company typically utilizes output-based estimates for services with contractual billing arrangements that are not based on time and materials, and estimates output based on the total tasks completed as compared to the total tasks required for each work contract. input-based estimates are utilized for services that involve general consultations with contractual billing arrangements based on time and materials, utilizing direct labor as the input measure.
the company also executes arrangements through independent channel partners in which the channel partners are authorized to market and distribute the company's software products to end-users of the company's products and services in specified territories. in sales facilitated by channel partners, the channel partner bears the risk of collection from the end-user customer. the company recognizes revenue from transactions with channel partners when the channel partner submits a written purchase commitment, collectibility from the channel partner is probable, a signed license agreement is received from the end-user customer and delivery has occurred, provided that all other revenue recognition criteria are satisfied. revenue from channel partner transactions is the amount remitted to the company by the channel partners. this amount includes a fee for pcs that is compensation for providing technical enhancements and the second level of technical support to the end-user, which is based on the rate charged for pcs when sold separately, and is recognized over the period that pcs is to be provided. the company does not offer right of return, product rotation or price protection to any of its channel partners.
non-income related taxes collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities are recorded on the consolidated balance sheet as accounts receivable and accrued expenses. the collection and payment of these amounts are reported on a net basis in the consolidated statements of income and do not impact reported revenues or expenses.
the company warrants to its customers that its software will substantially perform as specified in the company's most current user manuals. the company has not experienced significant claims related to software warranties beyond the scope of maintenance support, which the company is already obligated to provide, and consequently, the company has not established reserves for warranty obligations.
the company's agreements with its customers generally require it to indemnify the customer against claims that the company's software infringes third-party patent, copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights. such indemnification obligations are generally limited in a variety of industry-standard respects, including the company's right to replace an infringing product. as of december 31, 2014, the company had not experienced any losses related to these indemnification obligations and no claims with respect thereto were outstanding. the company does not expect significant claims related to these indemnification obligations, and consequently, the company has not established any related reserves.
allowance for doubtful accounts:  the company makes judgments as to its ability to collect outstanding receivables and provides allowances for a portion of receivables when collection becomes doubtful. provisions are made based upon a specific review of all significant outstanding invoices from both value and delinquency perspectives. for those invoices not specifically reviewed, provisions are provided at differing rates based upon the age of the receivable and the geographic area of origin. in determining these percentages, the company considers its historical collection experience and current economic trends in the customer's industry and geographic region. if the historical data used to calculate the allowance for doubtful accounts does not reflect the future ability to collect outstanding receivables, additional provisions for doubtful accounts may be needed and future results of operations could be materially affected.
income taxes: the company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements. under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. the effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period of the enactment date.
the company records net deferred tax assets to the extent it believes these assets will more likely than not be realized. in making such determination, the company considers all available positive and negative evidence, including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies and recent financial operations. in the event the company determines that it will be able to realize deferred income tax assets in the future in excess of their net recorded amount, an adjustment to the valuation allowance would be recorded that would reduce the provision for income taxes.
tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken on a tax return are recorded when such benefits meet a more likely than not threshold. otherwise, these tax benefits are recorded when a tax position has been effectively settled, which means that the statute of limitations has expired or the appropriate taxing authority has completed their examination even though the statute of limitations remains open. the company recognizes interest and penalties related to income taxes within the income tax expense line in the consolidated statements of income. accrued interest and penalties are included within the related tax liability line in the consolidated balance sheets.
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets: the company tests goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually by performing a quantitative assessment of whether the fair value of each reporting unit or asset exceeds its carrying amount. goodwill is tested at the reporting unit level and indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested at the individual asset level. this requires the company to assess and make judgments regarding a variety of factors which impact the fair value of the reporting unit or asset being tested, including business plans, anticipated future cash flows, economic projections and other market data. because there are inherent uncertainties involved in these factors, significant differences between these estimates and actual results could result in future impairment charges and could materially impact the company's future financial results. during the first quarter of 2014, the company completed the annual impairment test for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets and determined that these assets had not been impaired as of the test date, january 1, 2014.
contingencies: the company is involved in various investigations, claims and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business, including commercial disputes, labor and employment matters, tax audits, alleged infringement of intellectual property rights and other matters. the company reviews the status of these matters, assesses its financial exposure and records a related accrual if the potential loss from an investigation, claim or legal proceeding is probable and the amount is reasonably estimable. significant judgment is involved in the determination of probability and in the determination of whether an exposure is reasonably estimable. as a result of the uncertainties involved in making these estimates, the company may have to revise its estimates as facts and circumstances change. the revision of these estimates could have a material impact on the company's financial position and results of operations.
stock-based compensation: the company grants options and other stock awards to employees and directors under the company's stock option and grant plan. eligible employees can also purchase shares of the company's common stock at a discount under the company's employee stock purchase plan. the benefits provided under these plans are share-based payments subject to the provisions of share-based payment accounting guidance. the company uses the fair value method to apply the provisions of share-based payment accounting guidance. stock-based compensation expense for 2014, 2013 and 2012
was $36.9 million, $35.3 million and $32.4 million, respectively. as of december 31, 2014, total unrecognized estimated compensation expense related to unvested stock options granted prior to that date was $21.3 million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 1.5 years.
the value of each stock option award was estimated on the date of grant, or date of acquisition for options issued in a business combination, using the black-scholes option pricing model ("black-scholes model"). the determination of the fair value of share-based payment awards using an option pricing model is affected by the company's stock price as well as assumptions regarding a number of complex and subjective variables. these variables include the company's expected stock price volatility over the term of the awards, actual and projected employee stock option exercise behaviors, risk-free interest rates and expected dividends. the table below presents the weighted average input assumptions used and resulting fair values for options granted or issued in business combinations during each respective year. the stock-based compensation expense for options is recorded ratably over their requisite service period. the interest rate assumptions were determined by using the five-year u.s. treasury note yield on the date of grant or date of acquisition.
risk-free interest rate                      1.49% to 1.76%          0.68% to 1.48%          0.59% to 1.04%
expected volatility                                     35%                     37%                     38%
prior to 2012, the company issued both non-qualified and incentive stock options; however, the company no longer issues incentive stock options. the tax benefits associated with the outstanding incentive stock options are unpredictable, as they are predicated upon an award recipient triggering an event that disqualifies the award and that then results in a tax deduction to the company.
under the terms of the ansys, inc. long-term incentive plan or in conjunction with an acquisition agreement, the company issues various restricted stock awards which may have a single or combination of a market condition, an operating performance condition or a service condition. restricted stock awards with a service condition or an operating performance condition are valued based on the grant date fair value of the award. stock compensation expense is recognized over the employee's requisite service period for awards with only a service condition. for awards with an operating performance condition, stock-based compensation expense is recorded from the service inception date through the conclusion of the measurement period based on management's estimates concerning the probability of vesting. vesting of restricted stock awards with a market condition or a portion thereof is based on the company's performance as measured by total shareholder return relative to the median percentage appreciation of the nasdaq composite index over a specified measurement period, subject to each participant's continued employment with the company through the conclusion of the measurement period. the fair value of the restricted stock units is estimated using a monte carlo simulation model. the determination of the fair value of the awards is affected by the grant date and a number of variables, each of which has been identified in the chart below for awards granted during each respective period. share-based compensation expense based on the fair value of the award is being recorded from the grant date through the conclusion of the measurement period.
risk-free interest rate                                     0.70%              0.35%              0.16%
expected volatility-ansys stock price                         25%                25%                28%
expected volatility-nasdaq composite index                    15%                20%                20%
expected term                                           2.8 years          2.8 years          2.8 years correlation factor                                           0.70               0.70               0.75
the company also grants deferred stock units to non-affiliate independent directors, which are rights to receive shares of common stock upon termination of service as a director. the deferred stock units are issued in arrears and vest immediately.
to the extent the company changes the terms of its stock-based compensation programs, experiences market volatility in the pricing of its common stock that increases the implied volatility assumption used in the black-scholes model, refines different assumptions in future periods such as forfeiture rates that differ from current estimates, or assumes stock awards from acquired companies that are different in nature than the company's stock award arrangements, among other potential impacts, the stock-based compensation expense recorded in future periods and the related tax benefits may differ significantly from what was recorded in previous reporting periods.
estimates of stock-based compensation expense are significant to the company's financial statements, but this expense is based on the aforementioned option valuation models and will never result in the payment of cash by the company. for this reason, and because the company does not view stock-based compensation as related to its operational performance, the board of directors and management exclude stock-based compensation expense when evaluating the company's underlying business performance.
recent accounting guidance for information regarding recent accounting guidance and the impact of this guidance on the company's consolidated financial statements, see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements in part iv, item 15 of this annual report on form 10-k.