reorganization—our ability to successfully manage ongoing organizational change could impact our business results.
in the fourth quarter, we announced plans to reorganize the company, including realignment of our businesses into new reporting segments and organizational changes effective as of 1 october 2014.
2014 charge on 18 september 2014, we announced plans to reorganize the company, including realignment of our businesses into new reporting segments and organizational changes, effective as of 1 october 2014. as a result of this initiative, we will incur ongoing severance and other charges. during the fourth quarter of 2014, an expense of $12.7 ($8.2 after-tax, or $.04 per share) was incurred relating to the elimination of approximately 50 positions. in 2015 and beyond, we expect the actions taken to date will provide approximately $10 in annual savings. additional charges will be recorded in future periods as the company commits to specific actions. these actions could materially impact future operating profit for the period in which the charges are recorded.
forward-looking statements this management’s discussion and analysis contains “forward-looking statements” within the safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995, including statements about earnings guidance and business outlook. these forward-looking statements are based on management’s reasonable expectations and assumptions as of the date of this release. actual performance and financial results may differ materially from projections and estimates expressed in the forward-looking statements because of many factors not anticipated by management, including, without limitation, weakening or reversal of global or regional economic recovery; future financial and operating performance of major customers; unanticipated contract terminations or customer cancellations or postponement of projects and sales; the impact of competitive products and pricing; unexpected changes in raw material supply and markets; unanticipated asset impairments or losses; the impact of price fluctuations in natural gas; the ability to recover unanticipated increased energy and raw material costs from customers; costs and outcomes of litigation or regulatory investigations; the impact of management and organizational changes, including pension settlement and other associated costs; the success of cost reduction efforts; the timing, impact, and other uncertainties of future acquisitions or divestitures; significant fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currencies from that currently anticipated; political risks, including the risks of unanticipated government actions that may result in project delays, cancellations or expropriations; the impact of changes in environmental, tax or other legislation and regulations in jurisdictions in which the company and its affiliates operate; the impact on the effective tax rate of changes in the mix of earnings among our u.s. and international operations; and other risk factors described in section 1a, risk factors. the company disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained in this document to reflect any change in the company’s assumptions, beliefs or expectations or any change in events, conditions, or circumstances upon which any such forward-looking statements are based.