item 1a.    risk factors our operations involve various risks that could have adverse consequences, including those described below. this item 1a. includes forward-looking statements. you should refer to our discussion of the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements in this form 10-k.
development, redevelopment and construction risks could affect our profitability.
we intend to continue to develop and redevelop apartment home communities. these activities can include long planning and entitlement timelines and can involve complex and costly activities, including significant environmental remediation or construction work in high-density urban areas. these activities may be exposed to the following risks:
•   we may abandon opportunities that we have already begun to explore for a number of reasons, including changes in local market conditions or increases in construction or financing costs, and, as a result, we may fail to recover expenses already incurred in exploring those opportunities;
•   occupancy rates and rents at a community may fail to meet our original expectations for a number of reasons, including changes in market and economic conditions beyond our control and the development by competitors of competing communities;
•   we may be unable to obtain, or experience delays in obtaining, necessary zoning, occupancy, or other required governmental or third party permits and authorizations, which could result in increased costs or the delay or abandonment of opportunities;
•   we may be unable to complete construction and lease-up of a community on schedule, resulting in increased construction and financing costs and a decrease in expected rental revenues;
•   we may be unable to obtain financing with favorable terms, or at all, for the proposed development of a community, which may cause us to delay or abandon an opportunity;
•   we may incur liabilities to third parties during the development process, for example, in connection with managing existing improvements on the site prior to tenant terminations and demolition (such as commercial space) or in connection with providing services to third parties (such as the construction of shared infrastructure or other improvements); and
•   we may incur liability if our communities are not constructed and operated in compliance with the accessibility provisions of the americans with disabilities acts, the fair housing act or other federal, state or local requirements. noncompliance could result in imposition of fines, an award of damages to private litigants, and a requirement that we undertake structural modifications to remedy the noncompliance.
we estimate construction costs based on market conditions at the time we prepare our budgets, and our projections include changes that we anticipate but cannot predict with certainty. construction costs may increase, particularly for labor and certain materials and, for some of our development communities and development rights (as defined below), the total construction costs may be higher than the original budget. total capitalized cost includes all capitalized costs incurred and projected to be incurred to develop or redevelop a community, determined in accordance with gaap, including:
•   costs of environmental remediation;
•   capitalized interest and insurance;
•   professional fees;
•   allocated development or redevelopment overhead; and
costs to redevelop communities that have been acquired have, in some cases, exceeded our original estimates and similar increases in costs may be experienced in the future. we cannot assure you that market rents in effect at the time new development or redevelopment communities complete lease-up will be sufficient to fully offset the effects of any increased construction or reconstruction costs.
unfavorable changes in market and economic conditions could adversely affect occupancy, rental rates, operating expenses, and the overall market value of our assets, including joint ventures and investments in the funds.
local conditions in our markets significantly affect occupancy, rental rates and the operating performance of our communities. the risks that may adversely affect conditions in those markets include the following:
•   plant closings, industry slowdowns and other factors that adversely affect the local economy;
•   an oversupply of, or a reduced demand for, apartment homes;
•   a decline in household formation or employment or lack of employment growth;
•   the inability or unwillingness of residents to pay rent increases;
•   rent control or rent stabilization laws, or other laws regulating housing, that could prevent us from raising rents to offset increases in operating costs; and
•   economic conditions that could cause an increase in our operating expenses, such as increases in property taxes, utilities, compensation of on-site associates and routine maintenance.
changes in applicable laws, or noncompliance with applicable laws, could adversely affect our operations or expose us to liability.
we must develop, construct and operate our communities in compliance with numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations, some of which may conflict with one another or be subject to limited judicial or regulatory interpretations. these laws and regulations may include zoning laws, building codes, landlord tenant laws and other laws generally applicable to business operations. noncompliance with laws could expose us to liability.
lower revenue growth or significant unanticipated expenditures may result from our need to comply with changes in (i) laws imposing remediation requirements and the potential liability for environmental conditions existing on properties or the restrictions on discharges or other conditions, (ii) rent control or rent stabilization laws or other residential landlord/tenant laws, or (iii) other governmental rules and regulations or enforcement policies affecting the development, use and operation of our communities, including changes to building codes and fire and life-safety codes.
short-term leases expose us to the effects of declining market rents.
substantially all of our apartment leases are for a term of one year or less. because these leases generally permit the residents to leave at the end of the lease term without penalty, our rental revenues are impacted by declines in market rents more quickly than if our leases were for longer terms.
our apartment communities compete with other housing alternatives to attract residents, including other rental apartments, condominiums and single-family homes that are available for rent, as well as new and existing condominiums and single-family homes for sale. competitive residential housing in a particular area could adversely affect our ability to lease apartment homes and to increase or maintain rental rates.
attractive investment opportunities may not be available, which could adversely affect our profitability.
we expect that other real estate investors, including insurance companies, pension funds, other reits and other well-capitalized investors, will compete with us to acquire existing properties and to develop new properties. this competition could increase prices for properties of the type we would likely pursue and adversely affect our profitability.
capital and credit market conditions may adversely affect our access to various sources of capital and/or the cost of capital, which could impact our business activities, dividends, earnings, and common stock price, among other things.
in periods when the capital and credit markets experience significant volatility, the amounts, sources and cost of capital available to us may be adversely affected. we primarily use external financing to fund construction and to refinance indebtedness as it matures. if sufficient sources of external financing are not available to us on cost effective terms, we could be forced to limit our development and redevelopment activity and/or take other actions to fund our business activities and repayment of debt, such as selling assets, reducing our cash dividend or paying out less than 100% of our taxable income. to the extent that we are able and/or choose to access capital at a higher cost than we have experienced in recent years (reflected in higher interest rates for debt financing or a lower stock price for equity financing) our earnings per share and cash flows could be adversely affected. in addition, the price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly and/or decline in a high interest rate or volatile economic environment. we believe that the lenders under our credit facility will fulfill their lending obligations thereunder, but if economic conditions deteriorate, there can be no assurance that the ability of those lenders to fulfill their obligations would not be adversely impacted.
insufficient cash flow could affect our debt financing and create refinancing risk.
we are subject to the risks associated with debt financing, including the risk that our cash flow will be insufficient to meet required payments of principal and interest. in this regard, we note that in order for us to continue to qualify as a reit, we are required to annually distribute dividends generally equal to at least 90% of our reit taxable income, computed without regard to the dividends paid deduction and our net capital gain. this requirement limits the amount of our cash flow available to meet required principal and interest payments. the principal outstanding balance on a portion of our debt will not be fully amortized prior to its maturity. although we may be able to repay our debt by using our cash flows, we cannot assure you that we will have sufficient cash flows available to make all required principal payments. therefore, we may need to refinance at least a portion of our outstanding debt as it matures. there is a risk that we may not be able to refinance existing debt or that a refinancing will not be done on as favorable terms; either of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
rising interest rates could increase interest costs and could affect the market price of our common stock.
we currently have, and may in the future incur, contractual variable interest rate debt. in addition, we regularly seek access to both fixed and variable rate debt financing to repay maturing debt and to finance our development and redevelopment activity. accordingly, if interest rates increase, our interest costs will also rise, unless we have made arrangements that hedge the risk of rising interest rates. in addition, an increase in market interest rates may lead purchasers of our common stock to demand a greater annual dividend yield, which could adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
bond financing and zoning compliance requirements could limit our income, restrict the use of communities and cause favorable financing to become unavailable.
we have financed some of our apartment communities with obligations issued by local government agencies because the interest paid to the holders of this debt is generally exempt from federal income taxes and, therefore, the interest rate is generally more favorable to us. these obligations are commonly referred to as "tax-exempt bonds" and generally must be secured by mortgages on our communities. as a condition to obtaining tax-exempt financing, or on occasion as a condition to obtaining favorable zoning in some jurisdictions, we will commit to make some of the apartments in a community available to households whose income does not exceed certain thresholds (e.g., 50% or 80% of area median income), or who meet other qualifying tests. as of december 31, 2014, approximately 6.0% of our apartment homes at current operating communities were under income limitations such as these. these commitments, which may run without expiration or may expire after a period of time (such as 15 or 20 years) may limit our ability to raise rents and, in consequence, can also adversely affect the value of the communities subject to these restrictions.
in addition, some of our tax-exempt bond financing documents require us to obtain a guarantee from a financial institution of payment of the principal of, and interest on, the bonds. the guarantee may take the form of a letter of credit, surety bond, guarantee agreement or other additional collateral. if the financial institution defaults in its guarantee obligations, or if we are unable to renew the applicable guarantee or otherwise post satisfactory collateral, a default will occur under the applicable tax-exempt bonds and the community could be foreclosed upon if we do not redeem the bonds.
risks related to indebtedness.
we have a credit facility with a syndicate of commercial banks. our organizational documents do not limit the amount or percentage of indebtedness that may be incurred. accordingly, subject to compliance with outstanding debt covenants, we could incur more debt, resulting in an increased risk of default on our obligations and an increase in debt service requirements that could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
the mortgages on those of our properties that are subject to secured debt, our credit facility and the indenture under which a substantial portion of our debt was issued contain customary restrictions, requirements and other limitations, as well as certain financial and operating covenants including maintenance of certain financial ratios. maintaining compliance with these restrictions could limit our flexibility. a default in these requirements, if uncured, could result in a requirement that we repay indebtedness, which could severely affect our liquidity and increase our financing costs. refer to item 7. "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" for further discussion.
the mortgages on those of our properties subject to secured debt generally include provisions which stipulate a prepayment penalty or payment that we will be obligated to pay in the event that we elect to repay the mortgage note prior to the earlier of (i) the stated maturity of the note, or (ii) the date at which the mortgage note is prepayable without such penalty or payment. if we elect to repay some or all of the outstanding principal balance for our mortgage notes, we may incur prepayment penalties or payments under these provisions which could adversely affect our results of operations.
failure to maintain our current credit ratings could adversely affect our cost of funds, related margins, liquidity and access to capital markets.
there are two major debt rating agencies that routinely evaluate and rate our debt. their ratings are based on a number of factors, which include their assessment of our financial strength, liquidity, capital structure, asset quality, amount of real estate under development, and sustainability of cash flow and earnings, among other factors. if market conditions change, we may not be able to maintain our current credit ratings, which could adversely affect our cost of funds and related margins, liquidity and access to capital markets.
our ability to execute our business strategy depends on our access to an appropriate blend of debt and equity financing. debt financing may not be available in sufficient amounts or on favorable terms. if we issue additional equity securities, the interests of existing stockholders could be diluted.
failure to generate sufficient revenue or other liquidity needs could limit cash flow available for distributions to stockholders.
a decrease in rental revenue, or liquidity needs such as the repayment of indebtedness or funding of our development activities, could have an adverse effect on our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. significant expenditures associated with each community such as debt service payments, if any, real estate taxes, insurance and maintenance costs are generally not reduced when circumstances cause a reduction in income from a community.
the form, timing and/or amount of dividend distributions in future periods may vary and be impacted by economic and other considerations.
the form, timing and/or amount of dividend distributions will be declared at the discretion of the board of directors and will depend on actual cash from operations, our financial condition, capital requirements, the annual distribution requirements under the reit provisions of the code and other factors as the board of directors may consider relevant. the board of directors may modify our dividend policy from time to time.
we may choose to pay dividends in our own stock, in which case stockholders may be required to pay tax in excess of the cash they receive.
we may distribute taxable dividends that are payable in part in our stock, as we did in the fourth quarter of 2008. taxable stockholders receiving such dividends will be required to include the full amount of the dividend as income to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits for federal income tax purposes. as a result, a u.s. stockholder may be required to pay tax with respect to such dividends in excess of the cash received. if a u.s. stockholder sells the stock it receives as a dividend in order to pay this tax, the sales proceeds may be less than the amount included in income with respect to the dividend, depending on the market price of our stock at the time of the sale. furthermore, with respect to non-u.s. stockholders, we may be required to withhold u.s. tax with respect to such dividends, including in respect of all or a portion of such dividend that is payable in stock. in addition, the trading price of our stock would experience downward pressure if a significant number of our stockholders sell shares of our stock in order to pay taxes owed on dividends.
difficulty of selling apartment communities could limit liquidity and financial flexibility.
federal tax laws may limit our ability to earn a gain on the sale of a community (unless we own it through a subsidiary which will incur a taxable gain upon sale) if we are found to have held, acquired or developed the community primarily with the intent to resell the community, and this limitation may affect our ability to sell communities without adversely affecting returns to our stockholders. in addition, real estate in our markets can at times be difficult to sell quickly at prices we find acceptable. these potential difficulties in selling real estate in our markets may limit our ability to change or reduce the apartment communities in our portfolio promptly in response to changes in economic or other conditions.
our business strategy includes acquiring as well as developing communities. our acquisition activities and their success may be exposed to the following risks:
•   our estimate of the costs of repositioning or redeveloping an acquired property may prove inaccurate.
failure to succeed in new markets, or with new brands and community formats, or in activities other than the development, ownership and operation of residential rental communities may have adverse consequences.
we may from time to time commence development activity or make acquisitions outside of our existing market areas if appropriate opportunities arise. our historical experience in our existing markets in developing, owning and operating rental communities does not ensure that we will be able to operate successfully in new markets, should we choose to enter them. we may be exposed to a variety of risks if we choose to enter new markets, including an inability to accurately evaluate local apartment market conditions; an inability to obtain land for development or to identify appropriate acquisition opportunities; an inability to hire and retain key personnel; and lack of familiarity with local governmental and permitting procedures.
although we are primarily in the multifamily business, we also own and lease ancillary retail space when a retail component represents the best use of the space, as is often the case with large urban in-fill developments. we also may engage or have an interest in for-sale activity. we may be unsuccessful in owning and leasing retail space at our communities or in developing real estate with the intent to sell, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
we are currently implementing two new brands of communities that target various customer preferences. we cannot assure that these brands will be successful or that our costs in developing and implementing these brands will result in incremental revenue and earnings.
land we hold with no current intent to develop may be subject to future impairment charges.
we own parcels of land that we do not currently intend to develop. as discussed in item 2. "communities-other land and real estate assets" in the event that the fair market value of a parcel changes such that we determine that the carrying basis of the parcel reflected in our financial statements is greater than the parcel's then current fair value, less costs to dispose, we would be subject to an impairment charge, which would reduce our net income.
we are exposed to various risks from our real estate activity through joint ventures.
instead of acquiring or developing apartment communities directly, at times we invest as a partner or a co-venturer. joint venture investments (including investments through partnerships or limited liability companies) involve risks, including the possibility that our partner might become insolvent or otherwise refuse to make capital contributions when due; that we may be responsible to our partner for indemnifiable losses; that our partner might at any time have business goals that are inconsistent with ours; and that our partner may be in a position to take action or withhold consent contrary to our instructions or requests. frequently, we and our partner may each have the right to trigger a buy-sell arrangement, that could cause us to sell our interest, or acquire our partner's interest, at a time when we otherwise would not have initiated such a transaction.
we are exposed to risks associated with investment in and management of discretionary real estate investment funds.
we formed fund i and fund ii, in which we have an equity interest of 15.2% and 31.3%, and as part of the archstone acquisition we acquired equity interests in the u.s. fund and the ac jv of 28.6% and 20.0%, respectively, which, through wholly-owned subsidiaries, we manage as the general partner and managing member and in which at december 31, 2014 we have an aggregate equity investment, excluding costs incurred in excess of our equity in the underlying net assets of each respective fund, of approximately $250,024,000, net of distributions to us. the investment periods for fund i, fund ii and the u.s. fund are over, and fund i has a term that expires in march 2015. the funds present risks, including the following:
•   our subsidiaries that are the general partners of the funds are generally liable, under partnership law, for the debts and obligations of the respective funds, subject to certain exculpation and indemnification rights pursuant to the terms of the partnership agreement of the funds;
•   investors in the funds holding a majority of the partnership interests may remove us as the general partner without cause, in the case of fund i and fund ii, subject to our right to receive compensation for an additional period of management fees after such removal and our right to acquire one of the properties then held by such funds;
•   while we have broad discretion to manage the funds, the investors or an advisory committee comprised of representatives of the investors must approve certain matters, and as a result we may be unable to cause the funds to implement certain decisions that we consider beneficial; and
the governance provisions of our joint ventures with equity residential could adversely affect our flexibility in dealing with such joint venture assets and liabilities.
in connection with the archstone acquisition, we created joint ventures with equity residential that manage certain of the acquired assets and liabilities. these structures involve participation in the ventures by equity residential whose interests and rights may not be the same as ours. joint ownership of an investment in real estate involves risks not associated with direct ownership of real estate, including the risk that equity residential may at any time have economic or other business interests or goals which become inconsistent with our business interests or goals, including inconsistent goals relating to the sale of properties held in the joint ventures or the timing of the termination and liquidation of the joint ventures. under the form for the joint venture arrangements, neither we nor equity residential expect to individually have the sole power to control the ventures, and an impasse could occur, which could adversely affect the applicable joint venture and decrease potential returns to us and our investors.
we rely on information technology in our operations, and any breach, interruption or security failure of that technology could have a negative impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and/or reputation.
information security risks have generally increased in recent years due to the rise in new technologies and the increased sophistication and activities of perpetrators of cyber attacks.
we collect and hold personally identifiable information of our residents and prospective residents in connection with our leasing and property management activities, and we collect and hold personally identifiable information of our associates in connection with their employment. in addition, we engage third party service providers that may have access to such personally identifiable information in connection with providing necessary information technology and security and other business services to us.
we address potential breaches or disclosure of this confidential personally identifiable information by implementing a variety of security measures intended to protect the confidentiality and security of this information including (among others) engaging reputable, recognized firms to help us design and maintain our information technology and data security systems, including testing and verification of their proper and secure operations on a periodic basis. we also maintain cyber risk insurance to cover certain risks arising out of data and network breaches.
however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to prevent unauthorized access to this information. any failure in or breach of our operational or information security systems, or those of our third party service providers, as a result of cyber attacks or information security breaches could result in a wide range of potentially serious harm to our business operations and financial prospects, including (among others) disruption of our business and operations, disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information (including personal information of our residents and/or associates), damage to our reputation, and/or potentially significant legal and/or financial liabilities and penalties.
we are exposed to risks that are either uninsurable, not economically insurable or in excess of our insurance coverage, including risks from natural disasters such as earthquakes and severe weather.
earthquake risk. as further described in item 2. "communities-insurance and risk of uninsured losses" many of our west coast communities are located in the general vicinity of active earthquake faults. we cannot assure you that an earthquake would not cause damage or losses greater than insured levels. in the event of a loss in excess of insured limits, we could lose our capital invested in the affected community, as well as anticipated future revenue from that community. we would also continue to be obligated to repay any mortgage indebtedness or other obligations related to the community. any such loss could materially and adversely affect our business and our financial condition and results of operations.
insurance coverage for earthquakes can be costly and in limited supply. as a result, we may experience shortages in desired coverage levels if market conditions are such that insurance is not available or the cost of insurance makes it, in management's view, economically impractical.
severe or inclement weather risk. particularly in new england and the metro new york/new jersey area, we are exposed to risks associated with inclement or severe weather, including hurricanes, severe winter storms and coastal flooding. severe or inclement weather may result in increased costs, such as losses and costs resulting from repair of water and wind damage, removal of snow and ice, and, in the case of our development communities, delays in construction that result in increased construction costs and delays in realizing rental revenues from a community. in addition, severe or inclement weather could increase the need for maintenance of our communities.
where we have a geographic concentration of exposures, a single catastrophe that affects a region, such as an earthquake that affects the west coast or a hurricane or severe winter storm that affects the mid-atlantic, metro new york/new jersey or new england regions, may have a significant negative effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
terrorism risk. we have significant investments in large metropolitan markets, such as the metro new york/new jersey and washington, d.c. markets, that have in the past been or may in the future be the target of actual or threatened terrorist attacks. future terrorist attacks in these markets could directly or indirectly damage our communities, both physically and financially, or cause losses that exceed our insurance coverage that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
a significant uninsured property or liability loss could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
in addition to the earthquake insurance discussed above, we carry commercial general liability insurance, property insurance and terrorism insurance with respect to our communities on terms we consider commercially reasonable. there are, however, certain types of losses (such as losses arising from acts of war) that are not insured, in full or in part, because they are either uninsurable or the cost of insurance makes it, in management's view, economically impractical. if an uninsured property loss or a property loss in excess of insured limits were to occur, we could lose our capital invested in a community, as well as the anticipated future revenues from such community. we would also continue to be obligated to repay any mortgage indebtedness or other obligations related to the community. if an uninsured liability to a third party were to occur, we would incur the cost of defense and settlement with, or court ordered damages to, that third party. a significant uninsured property or liability loss could materially and adversely affect our business and our financial condition and results of operations.
we may incur costs due to environmental contamination or non-compliance.
under various federal, state and local environmental and public health laws, regulations and ordinances, we may be required, regardless of knowledge or responsibility, to investigate and remediate the effects of hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum product releases at our properties (including in some cases natural substances such as methane and radon gas) and may be held liable under these laws or common law to a governmental entity or to third parties for property, personal injury or natural resources damages and for investigation and remediation costs incurred as a result of the contamination. these damages and costs may be substantial and may exceed any insurance coverage we have for such events. the presence of these substances, or the failure to properly remediate the contamination, may adversely affect our ability to borrow against, develop, sell or rent the affected property. in addition, some environmental laws create or allow a government agency to impose a lien on the contaminated site in favor of the government for damages and costs it incurs as a result of the contamination.
the development, construction and operation of our communities are subject to regulations and permitting under various federal, state and local laws, regulations and ordinances, which regulate matters including wetlands protection, storm water runoff and wastewater discharge. these laws and regulations may impose restrictions on the manner in which our communities may be developed, and noncompliance with these laws and regulations may subject us to fines and penalties. we do not currently anticipate that we will incur any material liabilities as a result of noncompliance with these laws.
certain federal, state and local laws, regulations and ordinances govern the removal, encapsulation or disturbance of asbestos containing materials ("acms") when such materials are in poor condition or in the event of renovation or demolition of a building. these laws and the common law may impose liability for release of acms and may allow third parties to seek recovery from owners or operators of real properties for personal injury associated with exposure to acms. we are not aware that any acms were used in the construction of the communities we developed. acms were, however, used in the construction of a number of the communities that we acquired. we implement an operations and maintenance program at each of the communities at which acms are detected. we do not currently anticipate that we will incur any material liabilities as a result of the presence of acms at our communities.
we are aware that some of our communities have lead paint and have implemented an operations and maintenance program at each of those communities. we do not currently anticipate that we will incur any material liabilities as a result of the presence of lead paint at our communities.
environmental agencies and third parties may assert claims for remediation or personal injury based on the alleged actual or potential intrusion into buildings of chemical vapors from soils or groundwater underlying or in the vicinity of those buildings or on nearby properties. we currently do not anticipate that we will incur any material liabilities as a result of vapor intrusion at our communities.
all of our stabilized operating communities, and all of the communities that we are currently developing, have been subjected to at least a phase i or similar environmental assessment, which generally does not involve invasive techniques such as soil or ground water sampling. these assessments, together with subsurface assessments conducted on some properties, have not revealed, and we are not otherwise aware of, any environmental conditions that we believe would have a material adverse effect on our business, assets, financial condition or results of operations. in connection with our ownership, operation and development of communities, from time to time we undertake substantial remedial action in response to the presence of subsurface or other contaminants, including contaminants in soil, groundwater and soil vapor beneath or affecting our buildings. in some cases, an indemnity exists upon which we may be able to rely if environmental liability arises from the contamination or remediation costs exceed estimates. there can be no assurance, however, that all necessary remediation actions have been or will be undertaken at our properties or that we will be indemnified, in full or at all, in the event that environmental liability arises.
mold growth may occur when excessive moisture accumulates in buildings or on building materials, particularly if the moisture problem remains undiscovered or is not addressed over a period of time. although the occurrence of mold at multifamily and other structures, and the need to remediate such mold, is not a new phenomenon, there has been increased awareness in recent years that certain molds may in some instances lead to adverse health effects, including allergic or other reactions. to help limit mold growth, we educate residents about the importance of adequate ventilation and request or require that they notify us when they see mold or excessive moisture. we have established procedures for promptly addressing and remediating mold or excessive moisture from apartment homes when we become aware of its presence regardless of whether we or the resident believe a health risk is presented. however, we cannot provide assurance that mold or excessive moisture will be detected and remediated in a timely manner. if a significant mold problem arises at one of our communities, we could be required to undertake a costly remediation program to contain or remove the mold from the affected community and could be exposed to other liabilities that may exceed any applicable insurance coverage.
additionally, we have occasionally been involved in developing, managing, leasing and operating various properties for third parties. consequently, we may be considered to have been an operator of such properties and, therefore, potentially liable for removal or remediation costs or other potential costs which relate to the release or presence of hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum products at such properties. we are not aware of any material environmental liabilities with respect to properties managed or developed by us or our predecessors for such third parties.
•   the environmental assessments described above have identified all potential environmental liabilities;
•   no prior owner created any material environmental condition not known to us or the consultants who prepared the assessments;
•   no environmental liabilities have developed since the environmental assessments were prepared;
•   the condition of land or operations in the vicinity of our communities, such as the presence of underground storage tanks, will not affect the environmental condition of our communities;
•   future uses or conditions, including, without limitation, changes in applicable environmental laws and regulations, will not result in the imposition of environmental liability; and
•   no environmental liabilities will arise at communities that we have sold for which we may have liability.
our success depends on key personnel whose continued service is not guaranteed.
our success depends in part on our ability to attract and retain the services of executive officers and other personnel. our executive officers make important capital allocation decisions or recommendations to our board of directors from among the opportunities identified by our regional offices. there is substantial competition for qualified personnel in the real estate industry, and the loss of several of our key personnel could adversely affect the company.
if we fail to qualify as a reit for federal income tax purposes, we will be subject to federal income tax on our taxable income at regular corporate rates (subject to any applicable alternative minimum tax). in addition, unless we are entitled to relief under applicable statutory provisions, we would be ineligible to make an election for treatment as a reit for the four taxable years following the year in which we lose our qualification. the additional tax liability resulting from the failure to qualify as a reit would significantly reduce or eliminate the amount of funds available for distribution to our stockholders. furthermore, we would no longer be required to make distributions to our stockholders. thus, our failure to qualify as a reit could also impair our ability to expand our business and raise capital, and would adversely affect the value of our common stock.
we believe that we are organized and qualified as a reit, and we intend to operate in a manner that will allow us to continue to qualify as a reit. however, we cannot assure you that we are qualified as a reit, or that we will remain qualified in the future. this is because qualification as a reit involves the application of highly technical and complex provisions of the internal revenue code for which there are only limited judicial and administrative interpretations and involves the determination of a variety of factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our control. in addition, future legislation, new regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions may significantly change the tax laws or the application of the tax laws with respect to qualification as a reit for federal income tax purposes or the federal income tax consequences of this qualification.
even if we qualify as a reit, we will be subject to certain federal, state and local taxes on our income and property and on taxable income that we do not distribute to our shareholders. in addition, we may through our taxable reit subsidiaries hold certain assets and engage in certain activities that a reit could not engage in directly. we also use taxable reit subsidiaries to hold certain assets that we believe would be subject to the 100% prohibited transaction tax if sold at a gain outside of a taxable reit subsidiary. our taxable reit subsidiaries are subject to u.s. tax as regular corporations. the archstone acquisition increased the amount of assets held through our taxable reit subsidiaries.
the ability of our stockholders to control our policies and effect a change of control of our company is limited by certain provisions of our charter and bylaws and by maryland law.
there are provisions in our charter and bylaws that may discourage a third party from making a proposal to acquire us, even if some of our stockholders might consider the proposal to be in their best interests. these provisions include the following:
our charter authorizes our board of directors to issue up to 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock without stockholder approval and to establish the preferences and rights, including voting rights, of any series of preferred stock issued. the board of directors may issue preferred stock without stockholder approval, which could allow the board to issue one or more classes or series of preferred stock that could discourage or delay a tender offer or a change in control.
to maintain our qualification as a reit for federal income tax purposes, not more than 50% in value of our outstanding stock may be owned, directly or indirectly, by or for five or fewer individuals at any time during the last half of any taxable year. to maintain this qualification, and/or to address other concerns about concentrations of ownership of our stock, our charter generally prohibits ownership (directly, indirectly by virtue of the attribution provisions of the code, or beneficially as defined in section 13 of the securities exchange act) by any single stockholder of more than 9.8% of the issued and outstanding shares of any class or series of our stock. in general, under our charter, pension plans and mutual funds may directly and beneficially own up to 15% of the outstanding shares of any class or series of stock. under our charter, our board of directors may in its sole discretion waive or modify the ownership limit for one or more persons, but is not required to do so even if such waiver would not affect our qualification as a reit. these ownership limits may prevent or delay a change in control and, as a result, could adversely affect our stockholders' ability to realize a premium for their shares of common stock.
as a maryland corporation, we are subject to the provisions of the maryland general corporation law. maryland law imposes restrictions on some business combinations and requires compliance with statutory procedures before some mergers and acquisitions may occur, which may delay or prevent offers to acquire us or increase the difficulty of completing any offers, even if they are in our stockholders' best interests. in addition, other provisions of the maryland general corporation law permit the board of directors to make elections and to take actions without stockholder approval (such as classifying our board such that the entire board is not up for re-election annually) that, if made or taken, could have the effect of discouraging or delaying a change in control.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") is intended to help provide an understanding of our business, financial condition and results of operations. this md&a should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report. this report, including the following md&a, contains forward-looking statements regarding future events or trends that should be read in conjunction with the factors described under "forward-looking statements" included in this report. actual results or developments could differ materially from those projected in such statements as a result of the factors described under "forward-looking statements" as well as the risk factors described in item 1a. "risk factors" of this report.
capitalized terms used without definition have the meanings provided elsewhere in this form 10-k.
executive overview business description we develop, redevelop, acquire, own and operate multifamily apartment communities primarily in new england, the new york/new jersey metro area, the mid-atlantic, the pacific northwest, and northern and southern california. we believe that apartment communities are an attractive long-term investment opportunity compared to other real estate investments, because a broad potential resident base should help reduce demand volatility over a real estate cycle, and shorter lease terms allow for a better ability to take advantage of inflationary environments. we focus on leading metropolitan areas that we believe are characterized by growing employment in high wage sectors of the economy, lower housing affordability and a diverse and vibrant quality of life. we believe these market characteristics offer the opportunity for superior risk-adjusted returns on apartment community investment relative to other markets. we seek to create long-term shareholder value by accessing capital on cost effective terms; deploying that capital to develop, redevelop and acquire apartment communities in our selected markets; operating apartment communities; and selling communities when they no longer meet our long-term investment strategy or when pricing is attractive.
our strategy is to be leaders in market research and capital allocation, delivering a range of multifamily offerings tailored to serve the needs of the most attractive customer segments in the best-performing submarkets of the united states. our communities are predominately upscale and generally command among the highest rents in their markets. however, we also pursue the ownership and operation of apartment communities that target a variety of customer segments and price points, consistent with our goal of offering a broad range of products and services.
financial highlights for the year ended december 31, 2014, net income attributable to common stockholders was $683,567,000, an increase of $330,426,000, or 93.6%, over the prior year. the increase is primarily attributable to an increase in income from unconsolidated real estate entities resulting from the gains on sales of communities in various ventures, including the company's promoted interests, increased noi from newly developed and acquired communities, losses on an interest rate contract in the prior year not present in 2014, a decrease in expensed acquisition costs related to the archstone acquisition, and a decrease in depreciation expense related to in-place leases acquired as part of the archstone acquisition.
for the year ended december 31, 2014, established communities noi increased by $22,961,000, or 3.5%, over the prior year. the increase was driven by an increase in rental revenue of 3.9%, partially offset by an increase in operating expenses of 4.9% over 2013. for purposes of the discussion in the md&a, our established communities include those communities which we owned and had stabilized occupancy as of january 1, 2013, and therefore does not include communities acquired as part of the archstone acquisition.
during 2014, we raised approximately $1,154,220,000 of gross capital through the issuance of common equity and unsecured notes, borrowing on the term loan and asset sales, exclusive of proceeds from the disposition of joint ventures. the funds raised from asset sales consist of the proceeds from the sale of four communities and one parcel of land for gross sales proceeds of $304,250,000. in addition, in january 2015 we sold one community, avalon on stamford harbor, located in stamford, ct, for $115,500,000. we believe that our current capital structure will continue to provide financial flexibility to access capital on attractive terms.
we believe our development activity will continue to create long-term value. we increased development activity during 2014 from the prior year in anticipation of continued favorable economic conditions and apartment fundamentals. during 2014, we completed the development of 17 communities for an aggregate total capitalized cost of $1,134,300,000. we also started the development of 14 communities, which are expected to be completed for an estimated total capitalized cost of $1,342,800,000. in addition, during 2014 we completed the redevelopment of five communities for a total investment of $53,000,000, excluding costs incurred prior to the redevelopment.
we believe that our balance sheet strength, as measured by our current level of indebtedness, our current ability to service interest and other fixed charges, and our current moderate use of financial encumbrances (such as secured financing) provide us with adequate access to liquidity from the capital markets and financial flexibility. we expect to be able to meet our reasonably foreseeable liquidity needs, as they arise, through a combination of one or more of the following sources: operating cash flows; borrowings under our credit facility and term loan; secured debt; the issuance of corporate securities (which could include unsecured debt, preferred equity and/or common equity, including common equity issued pursuant to the forward); the sale of apartment communities; or through the formation of joint ventures. see the discussion under liquidity and capital resources.
during the year ended december 31, 2014, we acquired avalon mission oaks, located in camarillo, ca. avalon mission oaks contains 160 apartment homes and was acquired for a purchase price of $47,000,000.
during the year ended december 31, 2014, we sold four communities, containing an aggregate of 1,337 apartment homes for an aggregate gross sales price of $296,200,000 and an aggregate gain in accordance with gaap of $106,138,000. during 2014, we also sold a land parcel in huntington station, ny for $8,050,000, resulting in a gain in accordance with gaap of $490,000.
during the year ended december 31, 2014, three of the company's joint ventures, excluding the residual jv, sold operating communities.
•   cvp i, llc, the entity that owned avalon chrystie place, located in new york, ny containing 361 apartment homes and approximately 71,000 square feet of retail space, sold the community for $365,000,000. we own a 20.0% interest in the entity, and our share of the gain in accordance with gaap for the disposition was $50,478,000. in addition, we received $58,128,000 for our promoted interest in cvp i, llc.
•   fund i sold its final four communities, containing an aggregate of 724 homes for an aggregate gross sales price of $125,000,000. our share of the aggregate total gain in accordance with gaap was $3,317,000.
•   fund ii sold two communities containing an aggregate of 711 apartment homes for an aggregate sales price of $166,950,000. our share of the total gain in accordance with gaap was $21,624,000.
in conjunction with the disposition of these communities, the respective ventures repaid $224,178,000 of related secured indebtedness in advance of the scheduled maturity dates. this resulted in charges for prepayment penalties and a write off of deferred financing costs, of which the company's portion was approximately $2,339,000, and was reported as a reduction of equity in income of unconsolidated real estate entities.
edgewater casualty loss as discussed under item 2. "communities - insurance and risk of uninsured losses - edgewater casualty loss," in january 2015 a fire occurred at edgewater. the company is currently assessing its direct losses resulting from the fire, which could vary based on costs and time to rebuild, as well its liability to third parties who incurred damages on account of the fire.
communities overview as of december 31, 2014, excluding indirect interests associated with the residual jv, we owned or held a direct or indirect ownership interest in 277 apartment communities containing 82,487 apartment homes in 11 states and the district of columbia, of which 26 communities were under construction and eight communities were under reconstruction. of these communities, 24 were owned by entities that were not consolidated for financial reporting purposes, including 10 owned by subsidiaries of fund ii and nine owned by the u.s. fund. in addition, we owned a direct or indirect ownership interest in development rights to develop an additional 37 wholly-owned communities that, if developed as expected, will contain an estimated 10,384 apartment homes.
our real estate investments consist primarily of current operating apartment communities, development communities and development rights. our current operating communities are further distinguished as established communities, other stabilized communities, lease-up communities and redevelopment communities.
established communities are generally operating communities that are consolidated for financial reporting purposes and were owned and had stabilized occupancy and operating expenses as of the beginning of the prior year, which allows the performance of these communities to be compared between years. other stabilized communities are generally all other consolidated operating communities that have stabilized occupancy and operating expenses during the current year, but had not achieved stabilization as of the beginning of the prior year. lease-up communities consist of communities where construction is complete but stabilization has not been achieved. redevelopment communities consist of communities where substantial redevelopment is in progress or is planned to begin during the current year. a more detailed description of our reportable segments and other related operating information can be found in note 9, "segment reporting," of our consolidated financial statements.
although each of these categories is important to our business, we generally evaluate overall operating, industry and market trends based on the operating results of established communities, for which a detailed discussion can be found in "results of operations" as part of our discussion of overall operating results. we evaluate our current and future cash needs and future operating potential based on acquisition, disposition, development, redevelopment and financing activities within other stabilized, redevelopment and development communities. discussions related to current and future cash needs and financing activities can be found in "liquidity and capital resources."
noi of our current operating communities is one of the financial measures that we use to evaluate community performance. noi is affected by the demand and supply dynamics within our markets, our rental rates and occupancy levels and our ability to control operating costs. our overall financial performance is also impacted by the general availability and cost of capital and the performance of newly developed, redeveloped and acquired apartment communities.
results of operations our year-over-year operating performance is primarily affected by both overall and individual geographic market conditions and apartment fundamentals and reflected in changes in noi of our established communities; noi derived from acquisitions and development completions; the loss of noi related to disposed communities; and capital market and financing activity. a comparison of our operating results for 2014, 2013 and 2012 follows (dollars in thousands):
2014                                                                                                                2013               $ change              % change                    2013                  2012              $ change              % change revenue:
management, development and other fees                                                11,050                  11,502                 $(452    )           (3.9     )%              11,502                10,257                1,245                12.1   %
direct property operating expenses, excluding property taxes                         345,846                 295,150                50,696                17.2      %             295,150               211,086               84,064                39.8   %
total community operating expenses                                                   524,480                 453,924                70,556                15.5      %             453,924               308,641              145,283                47.1   %
corporate-level property management and other indirect operating expenses             60,341                  53,105                 7,236                13.6      %              53,105                42,193               10,912                25.9   %
investments and investment management expense                                          4,485                   3,990                   495                12.4      %               3,990                 6,071               (2,081    )          (34.3   )%
expensed acquisition, development and other pursuit costs, net of recoveries          (3,717   )              45,050               (48,767    )        n/a (1)                     45,050                11,350               33,700               296.9   %
loss on extinguishment of debt, net                                                      412                  14,921               (14,509    )          (97.2     )%              14,921                 1,179               13,742             1,165.6   %
casualty and impairment loss                                                               -                       -                     -                   -      %                   -                 1,449               (1,449    )         (100.0   )%
equity in income (loss) of unconsolidated entities                                   148,766                 (11,154   )           159,920             n/a (1)                    (11,154   )            20,914              (32,068    )        n/a (1)
gain on sale of land                                                                     490                     240                   250               104.2      %                 240                   280                  (40    )          (14.3   )%
gain on sale of communities                                                           84,925                       -                84,925               100.0      %                   -                     -                    -                   -   %
gain on acquisition of unconsolidated real estate entity                                   -                       -                     -                   -      %                   -                14,194              (14,194    )         (100.0   )%
gain on sale of communities                                                           37,869                 278,231              (240,362    )          (86.4     )%             278,231               146,311              131,920                90.2   %
(1)   percentage change is not meaningful.
net income attributable to common stockholders increased $330,426,000, or 93.6%, to $683,567,000 in 2014 primarily due to an increase in income from unconsolidated real estate entities resulting from the gains on sales of communities in various ventures, including the company's promoted interests, increased noi from newly developed and acquired communities, losses on an interest rate contract in the prior year not present in 2014, a decrease in expensed acquisition costs related to the archstone acquisition and a decrease in depreciation expense related to in-place leases acquired as part of the archstone acquisition. net income attributable to common stockholders decreased $70,728,000, or 16.7%, in 2013 from 2012 primarily due to an increase in depreciation expense and expensed transaction costs associated with the archstone acquisition, coupled with the recognition of losses on an interest rate contract. the decrease was partially offset by an increase in noi from communities acquired in the archstone acquisition and our existing and newly developed communities in 2013, as well as an increase in gain on sale of communities as compared to the prior year.
noi is considered by management to be an important and appropriate supplemental performance measure to net income because it helps both investors and management to understand the core operations of a community or communities prior to the allocation of any corporate-level or financing-related costs.  noi reflects the operating performance of a community and allows for an easy comparison of the operating performance of individual assets or groups of assets.  in addition, because prospective buyers of real estate have different financing and overhead structures, with varying marginal impacts to overhead as a result of acquiring real estate, noi is considered by many in the real estate industry to be a useful measure for determining the value of a real estate asset or group of assets. we define noi as total property revenue less direct property operating expenses, including property taxes, and excluding corporate-level income (including management, development and other fees), corporate-level property management and other indirect operating expenses, investments and investment management expenses, expensed acquisition, development and other pursuit costs, net interest expense, gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt, general and administrative expense, joint venture income (loss), depreciation expense, casualty loss, impairment loss on land holdings, gain on sale of real estate assets, income from discontinued operations and net operating income from real estate assets sold or held for sale, not classified as discontinued operations.
noi does not represent cash generated from operating activities in accordance with gaap. therefore, noi should not be considered an alternative to net income as an indication of our performance. noi should also not be considered an alternative to net cash flow from operating activities, as determined by gaap, as a measure of liquidity, nor is noi indicative of cash available to fund cash needs. reconciliations of noi for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 to net income for each year are as follows (dollars in thousands):
indirect operating expenses, net of corporate income                                                                   49,055                 41,554                 31,911
investments and investment management expense                                                                           4,485                  3,990                  6,071
expensed acquisition, development and other pursuit costs, net of recoveries                                           (3,717    )            45,050                 11,350
loss on extinguishment of debt, net                                                                                       412                 14,921                  1,179
equity in (income) loss of unconsolidated real estate entities                                                       (148,766    )            11,154                (20,914    )
casualty and impairment loss                                                                                                -                      -                  1,449
gain on acquisition of unconsolidated real estate entity                                                                    -                      -                (14,194    )
gain on sale of real estate assets                                                                                    (85,415    )              (240    )              (280    )
gain on sale of discontinued operations                                                                               (37,869    )          (278,231    )          (146,311    )
net operating income from real estate assets sold or held for sale, not classified as discontinued operations         (15,199    )           (19,448    )           (13,776    )
net operating income                                                                                               $1,134,096               $977,998               $667,928
the noi increases for both 2014 and 2013, as compared to the prior year, consist of changes in the following categories (dollars in thousands):
development and redevelopment communities        58,830                35,108
the increase in our established communities' noi in 2014 is due to increased rental rates, partially offset by decreased economic occupancy and increased operating expenses. the increase in 2013 is due to increased rental rates and increased economic occupancy, partially offset by increased operating expenses.
rental and other income increased in both 2014 and 2013 as compared to the prior years due to additional rental income generated from newly developed and acquired communities, including those acquired in the archstone acquisition in 2013, and an increase in rental rates and economic occupancy, in 2013, at our established communities.
overall portfolio-the weighted average number of occupied apartment homes for consolidated communities increased to 61,686 apartment homes for 2014, as compared to 57,240 homes for 2013 and 43,411 homes for 2012. the weighted average monthly revenue per occupied apartment home increased to $2,254 for 2014 as compared to $2,171 in 2013 and $2,017 in 2012.
established communities-rental revenue increased $36,096,000, or 3.9%, to $963,917,000 for 2014 from $927,821,000 in the prior year. the increase is due to an increase in average rental rates of 4.0% to $2,273 per apartment home, partially offset by a decrease in economic occupancy of 0.1% to 96.0%. rental revenue increased $34,749,000, or 4.3%, for 2013, as compared to the prior year. economic occupancy takes into account the fact that apartment homes of different sizes and locations within a community have different economic impacts on a community's gross revenue. economic occupancy is defined as gross potential revenue less vacancy loss, as a percentage of gross potential revenue. gross potential revenue is determined by valuing occupied homes at leased rates and vacant homes at market rents.
we experienced increases in rental revenue for all of our established communities regions, except the mid-atlantic, in 2014 as compared to the prior year, as discussed in more detail below.
the metro new york/new jersey region, which accounted for approximately 33.0% of the established community rental revenue for 2014, experienced an increase in rental revenue of 3.4% for 2014 as compared to 2013, as a result of an increase in average rental rates to $2,680 per apartment home. economic occupancy remained consistent at 96.4% for 2014 as compared to 2013. apartment demand in the metro new york/new jersey region is being driven by job growth across a diverse group of industries including healthcare, professional business services, technology, retail, hospitality and education. we expect to see continued growth in the metro new york/new jersey region in 2015. new york city is beginning to see a larger pipeline of new apartment deliveries, but suburban markets surrounding the city are more insulated from this new competition.
the new england region accounted for approximately 18.6% of the established community rental revenue for 2014 and experienced a rental revenue increase of 2.5% over the prior year. average rental rates increased 2.9% to $2,189 per apartment home, and were partially offset by a 0.4% decrease in economic occupancy to 95.3% for 2014 as compared to 2013. accelerating employment growth in the medical, education and technology fields is supporting apartment demand in the boston metro area. the fairfield market continues to experience moderate economic growth due to the area's greater exposure to the financial services sector, which has experienced slower job growth during this recovery than other industries.
the northern california region accounted for approximately 18.1% of the established community rental revenue for 2014 and experienced a rental revenue increase of 7.7% over the prior year. average rental rates increased 7.6% to $2,524 per apartment home, and economic occupancy increased 0.1% to 96.3% for 2014 as compared to 2013. while new apartment supply may slow revenue growth in future periods, we expect the strength in the technology industry to continue to fuel demand for apartment homes in 2015.
the southern california region accounted for approximately 14.5% of the established community rental revenue for 2014 and experienced a rental revenue increase of 4.6% over the prior year. average rental rates increased 4.7% to $1,873 per apartment home, and were partially offset by a 0.1% decrease in economic occupancy to 96.2% for 2014 as compared to 2013. southern california has seen steady job growth and limited new apartment supply, which we expect will continue to support favorable operating results in 2015.
the mid-atlantic region, which represented approximately 10.2% of the established community rental revenue during 2014, experienced a decrease in rental revenue of 0.5% as compared to 2013. average rental rates decreased by 0.2% to $1,969 per apartment home, and economic occupancy decreased 0.3% to 95.5% for 2014 as compared to 2013. a combination of elevated levels of new apartment deliveries and job growth slightly below the expected national average are expected to challenge the region's apartment fundamentals for 2015.
the pacific northwest region accounted for approximately 5.6% of the established community rental revenue for 2014 and experienced a rental revenue increase of 5.9% over the prior year. average rental rates increased 6.2% to $1,824, and were partially offset by a decrease in economic occupancy of 0.3% to 95.4% for 2014 as compared to 2013. the region's on-line retail, technology and manufacturing sectors continue to support growth in the economy and apartment fundamentals. rental revenue growth may be tempered in 2015 by the delivery of new apartment homes, particularly in the urban core of seattle.
management, development and other fees decreased $452,000 or 3.9%, in 2014 and increased $1,245,000, or 12.1%, in 2013, as compared to the prior years. the decrease in 2014 was primarily due to lower property and asset management fees earned as a result of dispositions from fund i and fund ii, partially offset by increased property and asset management fees related to the archstone acquisition and related private real estate investment management funds (the u.s. fund and the ac jv). the increase in 2013 was primarily due to increased property and asset management fees related to the archstone acquisition and related private real estate investment management funds (the u.s. fund and the ac jv), partially offset by lower property and asset management fees earned as a result of dispositions from fund i and fund ii.
direct property operating expenses, excluding property taxes increased $50,696,000, or 17.2%, and $84,064,000, or 39.8%, in 2014 and 2013, respectively, as compared to the prior years. the increases in 2014 and 2013 were primarily due to the addition of newly developed and acquired apartment homes, including the communities acquired as part of the archstone acquisition in february 2013.
for established communities, direct property operating expenses, excluding property taxes, increased $7,475,000, or 4.0%, and $4,374,000, or 2.6%, in 2014 and 2013, respectively, as compared to the prior years. the increases in 2014 and 2013 were primarily due to increased repairs and maintenance, utilities and payroll costs.
property taxes increased $19,860,000, or 12.5%, and $61,219,000, or 62.8%, in 2014 and 2013, respectively, as compared to the prior years. the increases in 2014 and 2013 were primarily due to the net impact of the communities acquired in the archstone acquisition as well as the addition of newly developed apartment communities, coupled with increased tax rates and assessments across our portfolio. the increase in 2014 was partially offset by reductions in expected supplemental billings related to communities acquired as part of the archstone acquisition.
for established communities, property taxes increased $6,206,000, or 6.7%, and $4,282,000, or 5.4%, in 2014 and 2013, respectively, as compared to the prior years. the increase in 2014 was primarily due to higher rates and assessments, as well as refunds received in the prior year in excess of the current year period. the increase in 2013 was primarily due to higher rates and assessments, partially offset by higher successful appeals and refunds received in 2013, as compared to the prior year. for communities in california, property tax changes are determined by the change in the california consumer price index, with increases limited by law (proposition 13). massachusetts also has laws that limit property tax increases. we evaluate property tax increases internally and also engage third-party consultants to assist in our evaluations. we appeal property tax increases when appropriate.
corporate-level property management and other indirect operating expenses increased $7,236,000, or 13.6%, and $10,912,000, or 25.9%, in 2014 and 2013, respectively, as compared to the prior years. the increase in 2014 was primarily due to an increase in compensation related costs, coupled with increased activities related to re-branding and corporate initiatives, as well as increases associated with the archstone acquisition. the increase in 2013 was primarily due to increased compensation related costs, as well as the increase in corporate-level personnel and expenses associated with the archstone acquisition.
investments and investment management costs increased $495,000, or 12.4%, in 2014 and decreased by $2,081,000, or 34.3%, in 2013 as compared to the prior years. the increase in 2014 was primarily due to increases in compensation costs, partially offset by a decline in our investment fund management activity. the decrease in 2013 was primarily due to reductions in compensation costs related to the relative decrease in our investment fund management activity.
expensed acquisition, development and other pursuit costs, net of recoveries primarily reflect the costs incurred related to our asset investment activity, abandoned pursuit costs, which include costs incurred for development pursuits not yet considered probable for development, as well as the abandonment of development rights, acquisition pursuits and disposition pursuits, offset by any recoveries associated with acquisitions for periods prior to our ownership. these costs can be volatile, particularly in periods of increased acquisition activity, periods of economic downturn or when there is limited access to capital, and the costs may vary significantly from period to period. these costs decreased $48,767,000, in 2014 and increased $33,700,000, or 296.9%, in 2013, as compared to the prior years, the decrease in 2014 was primarily due to receipts related to communities acquired as part of the archstone acquisition for periods prior to the company's ownership, which are primarily comprised of property tax and mortgage insurance refunds. the increase in 2013 over the prior year is due primarily to costs associated with the archstone acquisition.
interest expense, net increased $8,216,000, or 4.8%, and $35,482,000, or 25.9%, in 2014 and 2013, respectively, as compared to the prior years. this category includes interest costs offset by capitalized interest pertaining to development activity, amortization of the mark to market adjustment on debt assumed as part of the archstone acquisition, and interest income. the increase in 2014 was primarily due to increased unsecured debt outstanding, partially offset by an increase in capitalized interest related to our increased development activity. the increase in 2013 was primarily due to net interest costs on debt assumed in the archstone acquisition, partially offset by increased capitalized interest related to our increased development activity.
loss on the extinguishment of debt, net reflects prepayment penalties, the expensing of deferred financing costs from our debt repurchase and retirement activity, or payments to acquire our outstanding debt at amounts above or below the carrying basis of the debt acquired, excluding costs related to debt secured by assets sold or held for sale.
loss on interest rate contract reflects the loss recorded by the company related to the forward interest rate protection agreement that matured in may 2013. based on changes in the company's capital markets outlook in 2013, the company did not issue the anticipated debt for which the interest rate protection agreement was transacted.
depreciation expense decreased $117,533,000, or 21.0%, in 2014 and increased $316,535,000, or 129.9%, in 2013, as compared to the prior years. the decrease in 2014 was primarily due to the impact of amortization for lease intangibles in 2013 not present in 2014, from communities acquired as part of the archstone acquisition. the increase in 2013 was primarily due to additional depreciation expense from the archstone acquisition, consisting largely of the depreciation of in-place lease intangibles, which were depreciated over a six month period.
general and administrative expense ("g&a") increased $1,852,000, or 4.7%, and $5,472,000, or 16.0%, in 2014 and 2013, respectively, as compared to the prior years. the increase in 2014 was primarily due to an increase in compensation expense, partially offset by legal recoveries in 2014 not present in the prior year. the increase in 2013 over 2012 was primarily due to increased compensation costs, including costs related to the archstone acquisition.
casualty and impairment loss for 2012 consists of the losses we incurred associated with superstorm sandy.
equity in income (loss) of unconsolidated entities increased by $159,920,000, in 2014 and decreased $32,068,000, in 2013, as compared to the prior years. the increase in 2014 was primarily due to gains on the sales of communities in various ventures, including the company's promoted interests, coupled with certain expensed transaction costs associated with the archstone acquisition that were incurred in 2013 through the unconsolidated joint venture entities owned with equity residential that were not present in 2014. the decrease in 2013 is primarily due to costs of approximately $39,543,000 associated with the archstone acquisition that were incurred through the unconsolidated joint venture entities owned with equity residential during the year.
gain on sale of land increased in 2014 and decreased 2013 as compared to the prior years, due to changes in volume and associated gains on the sale of land parcels.
gain on sale of communities increased in 2014 over 2013, due to our implementation of new accounting guidance under asu 2014-08 effective january 1, 2014, which impacted where we report income from operations as well as gains or losses from the disposition of operating communities. gain on disposition for communities classified as held for sale subsequent to the adoption of the guidance is presented as part of this line item. for communities classified as held for sale prior to our adoption of asu 2014-08, gain on sale is presented as gain on sale of discontinued operations.
gain on acquisition of unconsolidated real estate entity for 2012 represents the amount by which the fair value of our prior ownership interest in the joint venture that owned avalon del rey exceeded our carrying value.
income tax expense for 2014 consists of federal income tax expense related to dispositions of the company's direct and indirect interests in certain real estate assets acquired in the archstone acquisition, which were owned through a taxable reit subsidiary.
income from discontinued operations represents the net income generated by real estate sold and qualifying as discontinued operations during the period from january 1, 2012 through december 31, 2014. income from discontinued operations decreased in 2014 and 2013, as compared to the prior years. the decrease in 2014 was due to the change in accounting guidance for discontinued operations under asu 2014-08, with individual community dispositions no longer classified as such. the decrease in 2013 was due to changes in the number of communities sold, the size and carrying value of those communities and the market conditions in the local area as compared to the prior year. see note 7, "real estate disposition activities," to our consolidated financial statements.
gain on sale of discontinued operations decreased in 2014 and increased in 2013, as compared to the prior years. the amount of gain realized in a given period depends on many factors, including the number of communities sold, the size and carrying value of the communities sold and the market conditions in the local area. after our adoption of asu 2014-08 as of january 1, 2014, gain on sale of communities is presented as gain on sale of communities.
net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests resulted in an allocation of income of $13,760,000 in 2014, and an allocation of loss of $370,000 and $307,000 in 2013 and 2012, respectively. the amount for 2014 includes our joint venture partners' 84.8% interest in the gain on the sale of a fund i community that was consolidated for financial reporting purposes, in the amount of $14,132,000.
liquidity and capital resources we believe our principal short-term liquidity needs are to fund:
•   development and redevelopment activity in which we are currently engaged;
•   the minimum dividend payments on our common stock required to maintain our reit qualification under the code;
•   debt service and principal payments either at maturity or opportunistically before maturity; and
•   normal recurring operating expenses.
factors affecting our liquidity and capital resources are our cash flows from operations, financing activities and investing activities (including dispositions) as well as general economic and market conditions. operating cash flow has historically been determined by: (i) the number of apartment homes currently owned, (ii) rental rates, (iii) occupancy levels and (iv) operating expenses with respect to apartment homes. the timing and type of capital markets activity in which we engage, as well as our plans for development, redevelopment, acquisition and disposition activity, are affected by changes in the capital markets environment, such as changes in interest rates or the availability of cost-effective capital. we regularly review our liquidity needs, the adequacy of cash flows from operations and other expected liquidity sources to meet these needs.
in 2015, we expect to meet our liquidity needs from a variety of internal and external sources, which may include the physical settlement of the forward, real estate dispositions, cash balances on hand, borrowing capacity under our credit facility and/or the term loan, secured and unsecured debt financings, and other public or private sources of liquidity including the issuance of common and preferred equity, as well as cash generated from our operating activities. our ability to obtain additional financing will depend on a variety of factors such as market conditions, the general availability of credit, the overall availability of credit to the real estate industry, our credit ratings and credit capacity, as well as the perception of lenders regarding our long or short-term financial prospects. capital raising activities in 2014 included asset sales, the term loan entered into in march, the issuance of common stock under cep iii (as defined below), and the issuance of unsecured notes in november.
unrestricted cash and cash equivalents totaled $509,460,000 at december 31, 2014, an increase of $228,105,000 from $281,355,000 at december 31, 2013. the following discussion relates to changes in cash due to operating, investing and financing activities, which are presented in our consolidated statements of cash flows included elsewhere in this report.
operating activities-net cash provided by operating activities increased to $886,641,000 in 2014 from $724,315,000 in 2013. the increase was driven primarily by increased noi from existing and newly developed communities, a decrease in acquisition costs, and the timing of payments of corporate obligations.
investing activities-net cash used in investing activities of $816,760,000 in 2014 is related to investments in assets primarily through development and redevelopment, partially offset by proceeds received for dispositions and distributions from unconsolidated joint ventures. in 2014, we invested $1,341,657,000 in the following areas:
•   we invested $1,241,832,000 in the development and redevelopment of communities;
•   we had capital expenditures of $52,825,000 for our operating communities and non-real estate assets; and
•   we acquired one operating community for $47,000,000.
we received proceeds from dispositions of $297,466,000, and distributions from unconsolidated joint ventures in the amount of $203,945,000, associated primarily with the disposition of communities from cvp i, llc, fund i and fund ii.
•   issuance of $300,000,000 principal amount of unsecured notes;
•   issuance of common stock in the amount of $295,465,000 through cep iii;
•   borrowing $250,000,000 under the term loan; and
•   secured borrowings of $53,000,000.
these amounts are partially offset by:
•   payment of cash dividends in the amount of $593,643,000;
•   repayment of unsecured notes in the amount of $150,000,000; and
•   repayment of secured notes in the amount of $32,859,000.
variable rate unsecured credit facility the company has a $1,300,000,000 revolving variable rate unsecured credit facility with a syndicate of banks (the "credit facility") which matures in april 2017. we may extend the maturity for up to one year through the exercise of two, six month extension options for an aggregate fee of $1,950,000. the credit facility bears interest at varying levels based on the london interbank offered rate ("libor"), rating levels achieved on our unsecured notes and on a maturity schedule selected by us. the current stated pricing is libor plus 1.05% (1.22% at january 31, 2015 assuming a one month borrowing rate). the annual facility fee is 0.15% (or approximately $1,950,000 annually based on the $1,300,000,000 facility size and based on our current credit rating).
we did not have any borrowings outstanding under the credit facility and had $47,963,000 outstanding in letters of credit that reduced our borrowing capacity as of january 31, 2015.
financial covenants we are subject to financial and other covenants contained in the credit facility, the term loan and the indenture under which our unsecured notes were issued. the principal financial covenants include the following:
•   limitations on the amount of total and secured debt in relation to our overall capital structure;
•   limitations on the amount of our unsecured debt relative to the undepreciated basis of real estate assets that are not encumbered by property-specific financing; and
•   minimum levels of debt service coverage.
in addition, our secured borrowings may include yield maintenance, defeasance, or prepayment penalty provisions, which would result in us incurring an additional charge in the event of a full or partial prepayment of outstanding principal before the scheduled maturity. these provisions in our secured borrowings are generally consistent with other similar types of debt instruments issued during the same time period in which our borrowings were secured.
continuous equity offering program in august 2012, we commenced a third continuous equity program ("cep iii"), under which we are authorized by our board of directors to sell up to $750,000,000 of shares of our common stock from time to time during a 36-month period. in conjunction with cep iii we have engaged sales agents who receive compensation of approximately 1.5% of the gross sales price for shares sold. during the year ended december 31, 2014, we sold 2,069,538 shares at an average sales price of $144.95 per share, for net proceeds of $295,465,000. as of january 31, 2015, we had $346,304,000 of shares remaining authorized for issuance under this program.
forward equity contract on september 9, 2014, based on a market closing price of $155.83 per share on that date, we entered into a forward contract to sell 4,500,000 shares of common stock for an initial forward price of $151.74 per share, net of offering fees and discounts (the "forward"). the sales price and proceeds achieved will be determined on the date or dates of settlement, with adjustments during the term of the contract for our dividends as well as for a daily interest factor that varies with changes in the fed funds rate. we generally have the ability to determine the date(s) and method of settlement, subject to certain conditions and the right of the forward counterparty to accelerate settlement under certain circumstances. settlement may be (i) physical sale of shares of our common stock for cash, (ii) net cash settlement, whereby we will either pay or receive the difference between the forward price and the weighted average market price for our common stock at the time of settlement, or (iii) net share settlement, whereby we will either receive or issue shares of our common stock, with the number of shares issued or received determined by the difference between the forward price and the weighted average market price for its common stock at the time of settlement. the forward price and the weighted average market price would in both cases by determined under the applicable terms of the forward. under either of the net settlement provisions, we will pay to the counterparty either cash or shares of common stock when the weighted average market price of our common stock at the time of settlement exceeds the forward, and will receive either cash or issue shares of common stock to the extent that the weighted average market price of our common stock at the time of settlement is less than the price under the forward. settlement of the forward will occur on one or more dates not later than september 8, 2015.
future financing and capital needs-debt maturities one of our principal long-term liquidity needs is the repayment of long-term debt at maturity.  for both our unsecured and secured notes, a portion of the principal of these notes may be repaid prior to maturity. early retirement of our unsecured or secured notes could result in gains or losses on extinguishment. if we do not have funds on hand sufficient to repay our indebtedness as it becomes due, it will be necessary for us to refinance or otherwise provide liquidity to satisfy the debt at maturity. this refinancing may be accomplished by uncollateralized private or public debt offerings, equity issuances, additional debt financing that is secured by mortgages on individual communities or groups of communities or borrowings under our credit facility or term loan. although we believe we will have the capacity to meet our currently anticipated liquidity needs, we cannot assure you that additional debt financing or debt or equity offerings will be available or, if available, that they will be on terms we consider satisfactory.
•   in march 2014, we entered into a $300,000,000 variable rate unsecured term loan that matures in march 2021 (the "term loan"). at december 31, 2014, we had drawn $250,000,000 of the available $300,000,000, with the option to draw the additional $50,000,000 until march 2015.
•   in april 2014, in conjunction with certain requirements associated with the development of an apartment community, we entered into a $53,000,000 secured mortgage loan maturing in 2019, with an option to extend the maturity to 2024. the mortgage is comprised of a $15,000,000 fixed rate note with an interest rate of 2.99% and a $38,000,000 variable rate note at libor plus 2.00%.
•   pursuant to its scheduled maturity in april 2014, we repaid $150,000,000 principal amount of unsecured notes with a stated coupon of 5.375%.
•   in june 2014, in conjunction with the disposition of an operating community, we repaid a fixed rate secured mortgage loan in the amount of $10,427,000 with an interest rate of 6.19% in advance of its november 2015 maturity date. in accordance with the requirements of the master credit agreement governing this and certain other secured borrowings, we repaid an additional $5,914,000 principal amount of secured borrowings for eight other operating communities. we incurred a charge for early debt extinguishment of $412,000.
•   in november 2014, we issued $300,000,000 principal amount of unsecured notes in a public offering under its existing shelf registration statement for net proceeds of approximately $295,803,000. the notes mature in november 2024 and were issued at a stated coupon of 3.50%.
the following table details our consolidated debt maturities for the next five years, excluding our credit facility and amounts outstanding related to communities classified as held for sale, for debt outstanding at december 31, 2014 (dollars in thousands) as compared to the amounts of debt outstanding as of at december 31, 2013. we are not directly or indirectly (as borrower or guarantor) obligated in any material respect to pay principal or interest on the indebtedness of any unconsolidated entities in which we have an equity or other interest.
all-in         principal                            balance outstanding                                                                                                         scheduled maturities interest         maturity rate (1)         date community                                         12/31/2013                         12/31/2014                   2015                2016                2017                2018   2019                      thereafter tax-exempt bonds (4)
(1)   includes credit enhancement fees, facility fees, trustees' fees, the impact of interest rate hedges, offering costs, mark to market amortization and other fees.
(2)   variable rates are given as of december 31, 2014.
(4)   balances outstanding represent total amounts due at maturity, and are net of $6,735 of debt discount and $5,291 of debt discount and basis adjustments associated with the hedged unsecured notes as of december 31, 2014 and december 31, 2013, respectively, and $84,449 and $120,071 of premium associated with secured notes as of december 31, 2014 and december 31, 2013, respectively, as reflected on our consolidated balance sheets included elsewhere in this report.
(5)   maturity date reflects the contractual maturity of the underlying bond. there is also an associated earlier credit enhancement maturity date.
(6)   in july 2013 we remarketed the bonds and converted them to variable rate through july 2018.
(7)   borrowing is scheduled to mature in december 2015, and contractually includes an automatic one-year extension of the loan through december 2016.
(8)   outstanding principal balance was reduced in june 2014 in conjunction with the prepayment of a secured mortgage note under the master credit agreement.
(9)   this community was sold in january 2015, at which time we substituted another operating community as collateral for the borrowing.
(10)   in january 2015, we experienced a fire at edgewater. as of the date of this form 10-k there has been no change in the terms and conditions of the financing secured by edgewater, and we are complying with all lender requirements. the mortgage note stipulates that in the event of a casualty loss such as the edgewater fire, the lender has absolute discretion to determine the disposition of the insurance proceeds, and can compel us (i) to direct the insurance proceeds to be used for the restoration of edgewater, or (ii) to apply the insurance proceeds to repay the outstanding loan balance, at par. we are currently working with the lender to resolve open issues related to this matter.
future financing and capital needs-portfolio and other activity as of december 31, 2014, we had 26 wholly-owned communities under construction and eight wholly-owned communities under reconstruction. substantially all of the capital expenditures necessary to complete the communities currently under construction and reconstruction and fund development costs related to pursuing development rights will be funded from:
•   the remaining $50,000,000 capacity under our term loan;
•   cash currently on hand, invested in highly liquid overnight money market funds and repurchase agreements, and short-term investment vehicles;
•   retained operating cash;
•   the net proceeds from sales of existing communities;
•   the issuance of debt or equity securities, including through the forward; and/or
before planned construction or reconstruction activity, including activity related to communities owned by unconsolidated joint ventures begins, or the construction of a development right begins, we intend to arrange adequate financing to complete these undertakings, although we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain such financing. in the event that financing cannot be obtained, we may have to abandon development rights, write off associated pre-development costs that were capitalized and/or forego reconstruction activity. in such instances, we will not realize the increased revenues and earnings that we expected from such development rights or reconstruction activity and significant losses could be incurred.
from time to time we use joint ventures to hold or develop individual real estate assets. we generally employ joint ventures primarily to mitigate asset concentration or market risk and secondarily as a source of liquidity. we may also use joint ventures related to mixed-use land development opportunities where our partners bring development and operational expertise to the venture. each joint venture or partnership agreement has been individually negotiated, and our ability to operate and/or dispose of a community in our sole discretion may be limited to varying degrees depending on the terms of the joint venture or partnership agreement. we cannot assure you that we will achieve our objectives through joint ventures.
in evaluating our allocation of capital within our markets, we sell assets that do not meet our long-term investment criteria or when capital and real estate markets allow us to realize a portion of the value created over the past business cycle and redeploy the proceeds from those sales to develop and redevelop communities. because the proceeds from the sale of communities may not be immediately redeployed into revenue generating assets, the immediate effect of a sale of a community for a gain is to increase net income, but reduce future total revenues, total expenses and noi. however, we believe that the absence of future cash flows from communities sold will have a minimal impact on our ability to fund future liquidity and capital resource needs.
unconsolidated real estate investments and off-balance sheet arrangements unconsolidated investments fund i, fund ii and the u.s. fund (collectively the "funds") were established to engage in real estate acquisition programs through discretionary investment funds.  we believe this investment format provides the following attributes: (i) third-party joint venture equity as an additional source of financing to expand and diversify our portfolio; (ii) additional sources of income in the form of property management and asset management fees and, potentially, incentive distributions if the performance of the funds exceeds certain thresholds; and (iii) additional visibility into the transactions occurring in multi-family assets that helps us with other investment decisions related to our wholly-owned portfolio.
fund i has nine institutional investors, including us. one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries is the general partner of fund i, has a 15.2% combined general partner and limited partner equity interest, and has fully recovered its basis as of december 31, 2014, with any additional liquidation proceeds to be recognized in earnings as received. fund i was our principal vehicle for acquiring apartment communities from its formation in march 2005 through the close of its investment period in march 2008. fund i has a term that expires in march 2015. in 2014, fund i sold its final four apartment communities.
fund ii has six institutional investors, including us. one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries is the general partner of fund ii and, excluding costs incurred in excess of our equity in the underlying net assets of fund ii, we have an equity investment of $92,162,000 (net of distributions), representing a 31.3% combined general partner and limited partner equity interest. fund ii served as the exclusive vehicle for acquiring apartment communities from its formation in 2008 through the close of its investment period in august 2011. fund ii has a term that expires in august 2020, assuming the exercise of two, one-year extension options.
the u.s. fund has six institutional investors, including us. we are the general partner of the u.s. fund and, excluding costs incurred in excess of our equity in the underlying net assets of the u.s. fund, we have an equity investment of $88,220,000 (net of distributions), representing a 28.6% combined equity interest. the u.s. fund was formed in july 2011 and is fully invested. the u.s. fund has a term that expires in july 2023, assuming the exercise of two, one-year extension options. we acquired our interest in the u.s. fund as part of the archstone acquisition.
in addition, as part of the archstone acquisition, we acquired an interest in the ac jv, which has four institutional investors, including us. excluding costs incurred in excess of our equity in the underlying net assets of the ac jv, we have an equity investment of $69,633,000 (net of distributions), representing a 20.0% equity interest. the ac jv was formed in 2011.
as of december 31, 2014, we had investments in the following unconsolidated real estate accounted for under the equity method of accounting.  refer to note 6, "investments in real estate entities," of the consolidated financial statements located elsewhere in this report, which includes information on the aggregate assets, liabilities and equity, as well as operating results, and our proportionate share of their operating results. detail of the real estate and associated funding underlying our unconsolidated investments is presented in the following table (dollars in thousands).
unconsolidated real estate investments      companyownershippercentage          # ofapartmenthomes         totalcapitalizedcost (1)        principal amount      type                     interestrate (3)      maturitydate fund ii
3. avalon north points lofts - cambridge, ma (8)                                             103                            26,503                          -              n/a                        n/a                 n/a total ac jv            20.0   %                         921                          $298,495                   $162,300                                        6.00          %
other operating joint ventures
2. brandywine apartments of maryland, llc            28.7   %                         305                            17,802                     24,346              fixed                     3.40          %      jun 2028
(1)   represents total capitalized cost as of december 31, 2014.
(2)   we have not guaranteed the debt of unconsolidated investees and bear no responsibility for the repayment.
(3)   represents weighted average rate on outstanding debt as of december 31, 2014.
(4)   borrowing on this community is comprised of two mortgage loans.
(5)   fund ii repaid an outstanding mortgage loan secured by this community at par during 2014.
(6)   the debt secured by this community is a variable rate note, of which $24,868 has been converted to an effective fixed rate borrowing with an interest rate swap.
(7)   borrowing is comprised of four mortgage loans made by the equity investors in the venture in proportion to their equity interests.
(8)   development of this community was completed during 2014.
(9)   our ownership interest of 8.0% is determined by our 40.0% ownership interest in the residual jv entity with equity residential, which owns a 20.0% interest in swib.
(10)   maturity date represents the earliest of the maturity dates on the two loans and four draws on the credit facility relating to the four communities owned by swib, as defined below. maturity dates range from december 2015 to december 2029.
off-balance sheet arrangements in addition to our investment interests in consolidated and unconsolidated real estate entities, we have certain off-balance sheet arrangements with the entities in which we invest. additional discussion of these entities can be found in note 6, "investments in real estate entities," of our consolidated financial statements located elsewhere in this report.
•   as of december 31, 2014, subsidiaries of fund ii have 10 loans secured by individual assets with aggregate amounts outstanding of $358,811,000 with varying maturity dates (and, in some cases, dates after which the loans can be prepaid without penalty), ranging from january 2016 to september 2019. the mortgage loans are payable by the subsidiaries of fund ii with operating cash flow or disposition proceeds from the underlying real estate. we have not guaranteed the debt of fund ii, nor do we have any obligation to fund this debt should fund ii be unable to do so.
in addition, as part of the formation of fund ii, we have provided to one of the limited partners a guarantee. the guarantee provides that if, upon final liquidation of fund ii, the total amount of all distributions to that partner during the life of fund ii (whether from operating cash flow or property sales) does not equal a minimum of the total capital contributions made by that partner, then we will pay the partner an amount equal to the shortfall, but in no event more than 10% of the total capital contributions made by the partner (maximum of approximately $8,910,000 as of december 31, 2014). as of december 31, 2014, the expected realizable value of the real estate assets owned by fund ii is considered adequate to cover the guaranteed distribution amount to that partner under the expected fund ii liquidation scenario. the estimated fair value of, and our obligation under, this guarantee, both at inception and as of december 31, 2014, was not significant and therefore we have not recorded any obligation for this guarantee as of december 31, 2014.
each individual mortgage loan of fund ii was made to a special purpose, single asset subsidiary of fund ii. each mortgage loan provides that it is the obligation of the respective subsidiary only, except under exceptional circumstances (such as fraud or misapplication of funds) in which case fund ii could also have obligations with respect to the mortgage loan. in no event do the mortgage loans provide for recourse against investors in fund ii, including against us or our wholly-owned subsidiaries that invest in fund ii. a default by fund ii or a fund ii subsidiary on any loan to it would not constitute a default under any of our loans or any loans of our other non-fund subsidiaries or affiliates. if fund ii or a subsidiary of fund ii were unable to meet its obligations under a loan, the value of our investment in fund ii would likely decline and we might also be more likely to be obligated under the guarantee we provided to fund ii partners as described above.  if a fund ii subsidiary or fund ii were unable to meet its obligations under a loan, we and/or the other investors might evaluate whether it was in our respective interests to voluntarily support fund ii through additional equity contributions and/or take other actions to avoid a default under a loan or the consequences of a default (such as foreclosure of a fund ii asset).
in the future, in the event fund ii was unable to meet its obligations under a loan, we cannot predict at this time whether we would provide any voluntary support, or take any other action, as any such action would depend on a variety of factors, including the amount of support required and the possibility that such support could enhance the return of fund ii and/or our returns by providing time for performance to improve.
•   as of december 31, 2014, subsidiaries of the u.s. fund have nine loans secured by individual assets with aggregate amounts outstanding of $327,880,000 with varying maturity dates, ranging from january 2019 to november 2022. the mortgage loans are payable by the subsidiaries of the u.s. fund with operating cash flow or disposition proceeds from the underlying real estate. we have not guaranteed the debt of the u.s. fund, nor do we have any obligation to fund this debt should the u.s. fund be unable to do so.
•   as of december 31, 2014, subsidiaries of the ac jv have eight unsecured loans outstanding in the aggregate amount of $162,300,000 which mature in august 2021, and which were made by the investors in the venture, including us, in proportion to the investors' respective equity ownership interest. the unsecured loans are payable by the subsidiaries of the ac jv with operating cash flow from the venture. we have not guaranteed the debt of the ac jv, nor do we have any obligation to fund this debt should the ac jv be unable to do so.
•   mvp i, llc, the entity that owns avalon at mission bay north ii, has a loan secured by the underlying real estate assets of the community for $105,000,000. in december 2014, the loan converted from fixed rate to a variable rate, interest-only note bearing interest at libor plus 2.50%, maturing in december 2015. we have not guaranteed the debt of mvp i, llc, nor do we have any obligation to fund this debt should mvp i, llc be unable to do so.
in january 2015, we received $20,700,000 from the joint venture partner associated with mvp i, llc upon agreement to modify the joint venture agreement to eliminate our promoted interest for future return calculations and associated distributions. prospectively, earnings and distributions will be based on the company's 25.0% equity interest in the venture.
•   as of december 31, 2014, brandywine has an outstanding $24,346,000 fixed rate mortgage loan that is payable by brandywine. we have not guaranteed the debt of brandywine, nor do we have any obligation to fund this debt should brandywine be unable to do so.
•   as of december 31, 2014, swib, the joint venture for which we have an 8.0% indirect interest in through the residual jv, has two loans and four draws on a credit facility secured by individual assets with aggregate amounts outstanding of $148,866,000 with varying maturity dates, ranging from december 2015 to december 2029. we have not guaranteed the debt of swib, nor do we have any obligation to fund this debt should swib be unable to do so.
there are no other material lines of credit, side agreements, financial guarantees or any other derivative financial instruments related to or between our unconsolidated real estate entities and us. in evaluating our capital structure and overall leverage, management takes into consideration our proportionate share of the indebtedness of unconsolidated entities in which we have an interest.
contractual obligations scheduled contractual obligations required for the next five years and thereafter are as follows as of december 31, 2014 (dollars in thousands):
capital lease obligations (1) (2)          62,599                   1,885                      19,931                     1,696                    39,087
operating lease obligations (1)         1,332,711                  20,337                      41,464                    43,056                 1,227,854
(1)   includes land leases expiring between october 2026 and march 2142. amounts do not include any adjustment for purchase options available under the land leases.
(2)   aggregate capital lease payments include $28,318 in interest costs.
inflation and deflation substantially all of our apartment leases are for a term of one year or less. in an inflationary environment, this may allow us to realize increased rents upon renewal of existing leases or the beginning of new leases. similarly, in a deflationary rent environment, we may be exposed to declining rents more quickly under these shorter-term leases.
forward-looking statements this form 10-k contains "forward-looking statements" as that term is defined under the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. you can identify forward-looking statements by our use of the words "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "intend," "estimate," "assume," "project," "plan," "may," "shall," "will" and other similar expressions in this form 10-k, that predict or indicate future events and trends and that do not report historical matters. these statements include, among other things, statements regarding our intent, belief or expectations with respect to:
•   our potential development, redevelopment, acquisition or disposition of communities;
•   the timing and cost of completion of apartment communities under construction, reconstruction, development or redevelopment;
•   the timing of lease-up, occupancy and stabilization of apartment communities;
•   the pursuit of land on which we are considering future development;
•   the anticipated operating performance of our communities;
•   our declaration or payment of distributions;
•   our qualification as a reit under the internal revenue code;
•   the real estate markets in northern and southern california and markets in selected states in the mid-atlantic, new england, metro new york/new jersey and pacific northwest regions of the united states and in general;
•   the availability of debt and equity financing;
•   general economic conditions including the potential impacts from economic conditions; and
•   trends affecting our financial condition or results of operations.
we cannot assure the future results or outcome of the matters described in these statements; rather, these statements merely reflect our current expectations of the approximate outcomes of the matters discussed. we do not undertake a duty to update these forward-looking statements, and therefore they may not represent our estimates and assumptions after the date of this report. you should not rely on forward-looking statements because they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. these risks, uncertainties and other factors may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from the anticipated future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. you should carefully review the discussion under item 1a. "risk factors" in this report for further discussion of risks associated with forward-looking statements.
some of the factors that could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the following:
•   our preliminary expectations and assumptions as of the date of this filing regarding insurance coverage, lender payoff and refinancing requirements and potential uninsured loss amounts resulting from the edgewater fire, as well as the ultimate cost and timing of replacing the edgewater building and achieving stabilized occupancy, are subject to change and could materially affect our current expectations regarding the impact of the fire on our financial condition and results of operations;
•   the expected proceeds from settlement of the forward are subject to adjustment for changes in the fed funds rate and the amount of dividends we pay on our common stock, and our receipt of settlement proceeds assumes that we will settle the forward by physical delivery;
•   we may fail to secure development opportunities due to an inability to reach agreements with third parties to obtain land at attractive prices or to obtain desired zoning and other local approvals;
•   we may abandon or defer development opportunities for a number of reasons, including changes in local market conditions which make development less desirable, increases in costs of development, increases in the cost of capital or lack of capital availability, resulting in losses;
•   construction costs of a community may exceed our original estimates;
•   we may not complete construction and lease-up of communities under development or redevelopment on schedule, resulting in increased interest costs and construction costs and a decrease in our expected rental revenues;
•   occupancy rates and market rents may be adversely affected by competition and local economic and market conditions which are beyond our control;
•   financing may not be available on favorable terms or at all, and our cash flows from operations and access to cost effective capital may be insufficient for the development of our pipeline which could limit our pursuit of opportunities;
•   our cash flows may be insufficient to meet required payments of principal and interest, and we may be unable to refinance existing indebtedness or the terms of such refinancing may not be as favorable as the terms of existing indebtedness;
•   we may be unsuccessful in our management of fund i, fund ii, the u.s. fund, the ac jv or the reit vehicles that are used with each of them; and
•   we may be unsuccessful in managing changes in our portfolio composition.
critical accounting policies the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap requires management to use judgment in the application of accounting policies, including making estimates and assumptions. if our judgment or interpretation of the facts and circumstances relating to various transactions had been different, or different assumptions were made, it is possible that different accounting policies would have been applied, resulting in different financial results or a different presentation of our financial statements. below is a discussion of the accounting policies that we consider critical to an understanding of our financial condition and operating results that may require complex or significant judgment in their application or require estimates about matters which are inherently uncertain. a discussion of our significant accounting policies, including further discussion of the accounting policies described below, can be found in note 1, "organization and basis of presentation," of our consolidated financial statements.
principles of consolidation we may enter into various joint venture agreements with unrelated third parties to hold or develop real estate assets. we must determine for each of these ventures whether to consolidate the entity or account for our investment under the equity or cost basis of accounting.
we determine whether to consolidate certain entities based on our rights and obligations under the joint venture agreements, applying the applicable accounting guidance. for investment interests that we do not consolidate, we evaluate the guidance to determine the accounting framework to apply. the application of the rules in evaluating the accounting treatment for each joint venture is complex and requires substantial management judgment. therefore, we believe the decision to choose an appropriate accounting framework is a critical accounting estimate.
if we were to consolidate the joint ventures that we accounted for using the equity method, excluding joint venture entities the company formed with equity residential as part of the archstone acquisition, at december 31, 2014, our assets would have increased by $1,391,602,000 and our liabilities would have increased by $1,005,012,000. we would be required to consolidate those joint ventures currently not consolidated for financial reporting purposes if the facts and circumstances changed, including but not limited to the following reasons, none of which are currently expected to occur:
•   for entities not considered to be variable interest entities, the nature of the entity changed such that it would be considered a variable interest entity and we were considered the primary beneficiary.
•   for entities in which we do not hold a controlling voting and/or variable interest, the contractual arrangement changed resulting in our investment interest being either a controlling voting and/or variable interest.
we evaluate our accounting for investments on a regular basis including when a significant change in the design of an entity occurs.
cost capitalization we capitalize costs during the development of assets. capitalization begins when we determine that development of a future asset is probable and continues until the asset, or a portion of the asset, is delivered and is ready for its intended use. for redevelopment efforts, we capitalize costs either (i) in advance of taking apartment homes out of service when significant renovation of the common area has begun and continue until the redevelopment is completed, or (ii) when an apartment home is taken out of service for redevelopment and continue until the redevelopment is completed and the apartment home is available for a new resident. rental income and operating expenses incurred during the initial lease-up or post-redevelopment lease-up period are fully recognized in earnings as they accrue. we defer costs associated with originating new leases, recognizing the impact of these costs in earnings over the term of the lease during the development and redevelopment efforts we capitalize all direct costs and indirect costs which have been incurred as a result of the development and redevelopment activities. these costs include interest and related loan fees, property taxes as well as other direct and indirect costs. interest is capitalized for any project-specific financing, as well as for general corporate financing to the extent of our aggregate investment in the projects. indirect project costs, which include personnel and office and administrative costs that are clearly associated with our development and redevelopment efforts, are also capitalized. capitalized indirect costs associated with our development and redevelopment activities are comprised primarily of compensation related costs for associates dedicated to our development and redevelopment efforts and total $37,433,000, $38,128,000 and $26,513,000 for 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. the estimation of the direct and indirect costs to capitalize as part of our development and redevelopment activities requires judgment and, as such, we believe cost capitalization to be a critical accounting estimate.
there may be a change in our operating expenses in the event that there are changes in accounting guidance governing capitalization or changes to our levels of development or redevelopment activity. if changes in the accounting guidance limit our ability to capitalize costs or if we reduce our development and redevelopment activities without a corresponding decrease in indirect project costs, there may be an increase in our operating expenses. for example, if in 2014 our development activities decreased by 10%, and there were no corresponding decrease in our indirect project costs, our costs charged to expense would have increased by $3,743,000.
we capitalize pre-development costs incurred in pursuit of development rights. these costs include legal fees, design fees and related overhead costs. future development of these pursuits is dependent upon various factors, including zoning and regulatory approval, rental market conditions, construction costs and availability of capital. pre-development costs incurred for pursuits for which future development is not yet considered probable are expensed as incurred. in addition, if the status of a development right changes, making future development no longer probable, any capitalized pre-development costs are written off with a charge to expense.
due to the subjectivity in determining whether a pursuit will result in the development of an apartment community, and therefore should be capitalized, the accounting for pursuit costs is a critical accounting estimate. if we had determined that 10% of our capitalized pursuit costs were associated with development rights that were no longer probable of occurring, net income for the year ended december 31, 2014 would have decreased by $6,703,000.
abandoned pursuit costs & asset impairment we evaluate our real estate and other long-lived assets for impairment when potential indicators of impairment exist. if events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of a property may not be recoverable, we assess its recoverability by comparing the carrying amount of the property to its estimated undiscounted future cash flows. if the carrying amount exceeds the aggregate undiscounted future cash flows, we recognize an impairment loss to the extent the carrying amount exceeds the estimated fair value of the property. we assess land held for development for impairment if our intent changes with respect to the development of the land. we evaluate our unconsolidated investments for impairment, considering both the carrying value of the investment, estimated to be the expected proceeds that it would receive if the entity were dissolved and the net assets were liquidated, as well as our proportionate share of any impairment of assets held by unconsolidated investments.
we expense costs related to abandoned pursuits, which include the abandonment of development rights and disposition pursuits. these costs can vary greatly, and the costs incurred in any given period may be significantly different in future years.
our focus on value creation through real estate development presents an impairment risk in the event of a future deterioration of the real estate and/or capital markets or a decision by us to reduce or cease development. we cannot predict the occurrence of future events that may cause an impairment assessment to be performed, or the likelihood of any future impairment charges, if any. you should also review item 1a. "risk factors" in this form 10-k.
reit status we are a maryland corporation that has elected to be treated, for federal income tax purposes, as a reit. we elected to be taxed as a reit under the internal revenue code for the year ended december 31, 1994 and have not revoked such election. a corporate reit is a legal entity which holds real estate interests and must meet a number of organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement that it currently distribute at least 90% of its adjusted taxable income to stockholders. as a reit, we generally will not be subject to corporate level federal income tax on taxable income if we distribute 100% of our taxable income to our stockholders over time periods allowed under the code. if we fail to qualify as a reit in any taxable year, we will be subject to federal and state income taxes at regular corporate rates (subject to any applicable alternative minimum tax) and may not be able to elect to qualify as a reit for four subsequent taxable years. for example, if we failed to qualify as a reit in 2014, our net income would have decreased by approximately $274,794,000.
our qualification as a reit requires management to exercise significant judgment and consideration with respect to operational matters and accounting treatment. therefore, we believe our reit status is a critical accounting estimate.
acquisition of investments in real estate we account for our acquisitions of investments in real estate in accordance with the authoritative guidance for the initial measurement, which requires the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed, and any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree to be recognized at fair value. typical assets and liabilities acquired include land, building, furniture, fixtures and equipment and identified intangible assets and liabilities, consisting of the value of above-below market leases and in-place leases. in making estimates of fair values for purposes of allocating purchase price, we utilize various sources, including our own analysis of recently acquired and existing comparable properties in our portfolio and other market data.