the commentary provided further below regarding bd’s financial results in 2014, 2013 and 2012 reflects a structure that consists of three worldwide business segments — bd medical (“medical”), bd diagnostics (“diagnostics”) and bd biosciences (“biosciences”). effective october 1, 2014, bd’s organizational structure was realigned to better complement its customer-focused solutions strategy and is based on two principal business segments. the composition of the medical segment remains unchanged and the former diagnostics and biosciences segments have been combined into one segment, bd life sciences (“life sciences”). bd’s financial reporting and business discussion will reflect the realigned structure in 2015. additional discussion regarding this organization realignment is provided in note 6 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
we continue to invest in research and development, geographic expansion, and new product promotions to drive further revenue and profit growth. our ability to sustain our long-term growth will depend on a number of factors, including our ability to expand our core business (including geographical expansion), develop innovative new products, and continue to improve operating efficiency and organizational effectiveness. while the economic environment for the healthcare industry has stabilized, pricing pressures continue for some of our products. healthcare utilization has continued to stabilize in the united states; however, any destabilization could adversely impact our u.s. businesses. additionally, macroeconomic challenges in europe continue to constrain healthcare utilization, although we currently view the environment as stable. in emerging markets, the company’s growth is dependent on government funding for healthcare systems.
medical segment the following is a summary of medical revenues by organizational unit:
diagnostics segment the following is a summary of diagnostics revenues by organizational unit:
we assess goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is defined as an operating segment or one level below an operating segment, referred to as a component. our reporting units generally represent one level below reporting segments and we aggregate components within an operating segment that have similar economic characteristics. potential impairment of goodwill is identified by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying value. our annual goodwill impairment test for 2014 did not result in any impairment charges, as the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying value. the previously discussed realignment of bd’s organizational structure from a three-segment to a two-segment structure on october 1, 2014 did not change the reporting units bd has identified for purposes of goodwill impairment testing.