item 1a. risk factors as a leading investment management firm, risk is an inherent part of blackrock’s business. global markets, by their nature, are prone to uncertainty and subject participants to a variety of risks. while blackrock devotes significant resources across all of its operations to identify, measure, monitor, manage and analyze market, operating and compliance risks, blackrock’s business, financial condition, operating results and nonoperating results could be materially adversely affected and the company’s stock price could decline as a result of any of these risks and uncertainties, including the ones discussed below.
market and competition risks changes in the value levels of equity, debt, real estate, commodities, currency or other asset markets could cause assets under management (“aum”), revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock’s investment management revenue is primarily comprised of fees based on a percentage of the value of aum and, in some cases, performance fees which are normally expressed as a percentage of returns to the client. numerous factors, including price movements in the equity, debt or currency markets, or in the price of real estate, commodities or alternative investments in which blackrock invests, could cause:
•   the value of aum, or the returns blackrock realizes on aum, to decrease;
•   the withdrawal of funds from blackrock’s products in favor of products offered by competitors;
•   the rebalancing of assets into blackrock products that yield lower fees;
•   an impairment to the value of intangible assets and goodwill; or
•   a decrease in the value of seed or co-investment capital.
the occurrence of any of these events may cause the company’s aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock’s investment advisory contracts may be terminated or may not be renewed by clients and the liquidation of certain funds may be accelerated at the option of investors.
blackrock derives a substantial portion of its revenue from its investment advisory business. the advisory or management contracts blackrock has entered into with its clients, including the agreements that govern many of blackrock’s investment funds, provide investors or, in some cases, the independent directors of private investment funds, with significant latitude to terminate such contracts, withdraw funds or liquidate funds by simple majority vote with limited notice or penalty, or to remove blackrock as the funds’ investment advisor (or equivalent). blackrock also manages its u.s. mutual funds, closed-end and exchange-traded funds under management contracts that must be renewed and approved annually by the funds’ respective boards of directors, a majority of whom are independent from the company. if a number of blackrock’s clients terminate their contracts, remove blackrock from advisory roles, liquidate funds or fail to renew management contracts on favorable terms, the fees or carried interest blackrock earns could be reduced, which may cause its aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
the investment management industry is highly competitive and has relatively low barriers to entry. blackrock competes based on a number of factors including: investment performance, the level of fees charged, the quality and diversity of services and products provided, name recognition and reputation, and the ability to develop new investment strategies and products to meet the changing needs of investors. increased competition on the basis of any of these factors, including competition leading to fee reductions on existing or future new business, could cause the company’s aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
the impairment or failure of other financial institutions may cause blackrock’s aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock’s investment management activities expose the products and accounts it manages to many different industries and counterparties, including brokers and dealers, commercial and investment banks, clearing organizations, mutual and hedge funds, and other institutional clients. transactions with counterparties expose the products and accounts blackrock manages to credit risk in the event the applicable counterparty defaults. although blackrock regularly assesses risks posed by its counterparties, such counterparties may be subject to sudden swings in the financial and credit markets that may impair their ability to perform or they may otherwise fail to meet their obligations to blackrock. any such impairment or failure could negatively impact the performance of products or accounts managed by blackrock, which could lead to the loss of clients and may cause blackrock’s aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
the failure or negative performance of products offered by competitors may cause aum in similar blackrock products to decline irrespective of blackrock’s performance.
many competitors offer similar products to those offered by blackrock and the failure or negative performance of competitors’ products could lead to a loss of confidence in similar blackrock products, irrespective of the performance
of such products. any loss of confidence in a product type could lead to withdrawals, redemptions and liquidity issues in such products, which may cause the company’s aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
changes in the value of seed and co-investments that blackrock owns could affect our nonoperating income and could increase the volatility of our earnings.
at december 31, 2014, blackrock’s net economic investment exposure of approximately $1.3 billion in its investments (see “item 7 — management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-investments”) primarily resulted from co-investments and seed investments in its sponsored investment funds. movements in the equity, debt or currency markets, or in the price of real estate, commodities or alternative investments, could lower the value of these investments, increase the volatility of blackrock’s earnings and may cause earnings to decline.
risks related to investment performance poor investment performance could lead to the loss of clients and may cause aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
the company’s management believes that investment performance, including the efficient delivery of beta for passively managed products, is one of the most important factors for the growth and retention of aum. poor investment performance relative to applicable portfolio benchmarks or to competitors could cause aum, revenue and earnings to decline as a result of:
•   client withdrawals in favor of better performing products;
•   the company earning minimal or no performance fees;
•   an impairment to the value of intangible assets and goodwill; or
•   a decrease in investment returns on seed and co-investment capital.
performance fees may increase volatility of both revenue and earnings.
a portion of blackrock’s revenue is derived from performance fees on investment and risk management advisory assignments. performance fees represented $550 million, or 5%, of total revenue for the year ended december 31, 2014. generally, the company is entitled to a performance fee only if the agreement pursuant to which it is managing the assets provides for one and if returns on the related portfolio exceed agreed-upon periodic or cumulative return targets. if these targets are not exceeded, a performance fee for that period will not be earned and, if targets are based on cumulative returns, the company may not earn performance fees in future periods, which could cause aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
failure to identify errors in the quantitative models blackrock utilizes to manage its business could adversely impact product performance and client relationships.
blackrock employs various quantitative models to support its investment decisions and allocations, including those related to risk assessment, portfolio management, trading and hedging activities and product valuations. any errors in the underlying models or model assumptions could have unanticipated and adverse consequences on blackrock’s business and reputation.
technology and operational risks a failure in blackrock’s operational systems or infrastructure, including business continuity plans, could disrupt operations, damage the company’s reputation and may cause blackrock’s aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock’s infrastructure, including its technological capacity, data centers, and office space, is vital to the competitiveness of its business. moreover a significant portion of blackrock’s critical business operations are concentrated in a limited number of geographic areas, including san francisco, new york, london and gurgaon. the failure to maintain an infrastructure commensurate with the size and scope of blackrock’s business, or the occurrence of a business outage or event outside blackrock’s control, including a major earthquake, hurricane, fire, terrorist act, pandemic or other catastrophic event in any location at which blackrock maintains a major presence, could materially impact operations, result in disruption to the business or impede its growth. notwithstanding blackrock’s efforts to ensure business continuity, if it fails to keep business continuity plans up-to-date or if such plans, including secure back-up facilities and systems and the availability of back-up employees, are improperly implemented or deployed during a disruption, the company’s ability to operate could be adversely impacted which could cause aum, revenue and earnings to decline or could impact the company’s ability to comply with regulatory obligations leading to reputational harm, regulatory fines and sanctions.
failure to implement effective information and cyber security policies, procedures and capabilities could disrupt operations and cause financial losses that may cause blackrock’s aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock is dependent on the effectiveness of the information and cyber security policies, procedures and capabilities it maintains to protect its computer and telecommunications systems and the data that reside on or are transmitted through them. an externally caused information security incident, such as a hacker attack, virus or worm, or an internally caused issue, such as failure to control access to sensitive systems, could materially interrupt business operations or cause disclosure or modification of sensitive or confidential client or competitive information and could result in material financial loss, loss of competitive position, regulatory actions, breach of client contracts, reputational harm or legal liability, which, in turn, could cause blackrock’s aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
failure to maintain aladdin’s competitive position in a dynamic market for risk analytics could lead to a loss of clients and could impede blackrock’s productivity and growth.
the sophisticated risk analytics that blackrock provides via the aladdin technology platform to support investment advisory and brs clients are a key element to blackrock’s competitive success. blackrock relies on its ability, as well as the ability of a number of third parties who provide it with various types of data and software, to maintain a robust and
secure technological framework to maximize the benefit of the aladdin platform. the failure of these third parties to provide such data or software could result in operational difficulties and adversely impact blackrock’s ability to provide services to its investment advisory and brs clients. in addition, there can be no assurance that the company will be able to continue to deliver a competitive product in a dynamic market for risk analytics or be able to effectively protect and enforce its intellectual property rights in these systems and processes.
operating risks associated with blackrock’s securities lending program may result in client losses, and in certain circumstances, potential financial liabilities for the company.
blackrock lends securities to banks and broker-dealers on behalf of certain of its clients. in these securities lending transactions, the borrower is required to provide and maintain collateral at or above regulatory minimums. securities on loan are marked to market daily to determine if the borrower is required to pledge additional collateral. blackrock must manage this process and is charged with mitigating the associated operational risks. the failure of the company’s controls to mitigate such operational risks could result in financial losses for the company’s clients that participate in its securities lending programs (separate from the risks of collateral investments). additionally, in certain circumstances, the company could potentially be held liable for the failure to manage any such risks.
blackrock indemnifies certain securities lending clients for specified losses as a result of a borrower default.
blackrock indemnifies certain of its securities lending clients for specified losses that might occur upon the default of a borrower. these indemnities are designed to cover a client’s potential shortfall where the value of the collateral pledged by a defaulting borrower in connection with a securities lending agreement is less than the amount needed to repurchase the securities loaned to such a defaulting borrower. where the collateral is in the form of cash, the indemnities blackrock provides do not guarantee, assume or otherwise insure the investment performance or return of any cash collateral vehicle into which that cash collateral is invested. the amount of securities on loan as of december 31, 2014 and subject to indemnification was $145.7 billion. blackrock held, as agent, cash and securities totaling $155.8 billion as collateral for indemnified securities on loan at december 31, 2014. significant borrower defaults coupled with collateral shortfalls could result in material liabilities under these indemnities, which may cause the company’s aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock’s decision to provide support to particular products from time to time, or the inability to provide support, may cause aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock may, at its option, from time to time support investment products through capital or other credit support. such support may utilize capital and liquidity that would otherwise be available for other corporate purposes. losses on such support, as well as regulatory restrictions on our ability to provide such support or the failure to have available or devote sufficient capital or liquidity to support products, may cause aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
failure to maintain adequate corporate and contingent liquidity may cause blackrock’s aum, liquidity and earnings to decline, as well as harm its prospects for growth.
blackrock’s ability to meet anticipated cash needs depends upon a number of factors, including its ability to maintain and grow aum, its creditworthiness and operating cash flows. failure to maintain adequate liquidity could lead to unanticipated costs and force blackrock to revise existing strategic and business initiatives. blackrock’s access to equity and debt markets and its ability to issue public or private debt, or secure lines of credit or commercial paper back-up lines, on reasonable terms may be limited by adverse market conditions, a reduction in its long- or short-term credit ratings as well as changes in government regulations, including tax and interest rates. failure to obtain funds and/or financing, or any adverse change to the cost of obtaining such funds and/or financing, could cause blackrock’s aum, revenue and earnings to decline, curtail its operations and limit or impede its prospects for growth.
fraud, or the circumvention of controls and risk management policies, could have an adverse effect on blackrock’s reputation, which may cause the company’s aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
although blackrock has adopted a comprehensive risk management process and continues to enhance various controls, procedures, policies and systems to monitor and manage risks, it cannot assure that such controls, procedures, policies and systems will successfully identify and manage internal and external risks to its businesses. blackrock is subject to the risk that its employees, contractors or other third parties may deliberately seek to circumvent established controls to commit fraud or act in ways that are inconsistent with the company’s controls, policies and procedures. persistent or repeated attempts involving fraud, conflicts of interests or circumvention of policies and controls could have an adverse effect on blackrock’s reputation, which could cause costly regulatory inquiries and may cause the company’s aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock may be unable to develop new products and services and the development of new products and services may expose blackrock to additional costs or operational risk.
blackrock’s financial performance depends, in part, on its ability to develop, market and manage new investment products and services. the development and introduction of new products and services requires continued innovative efforts on the part of blackrock and may require significant time and resources as well as ongoing support and investment. substantial risk and uncertainties are associated with the introduction of new products and services, including the implementation of new and appropriate operational controls and procedures, shifting client and market preferences, the introduction of competing products or services and compliance with regulatory requirements. a failure to continue to innovate to introduce new products and services or to successfully manage the risks associated with such products and services may cause blackrock’s costs to fluctuate, which may cause its aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
the failure to recruit and retain employees and develop and implement effective executive succession could lead to the loss of clients and may cause aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock’s success is largely dependent on the talents and efforts of its highly skilled workforce and the company’s ability to plan for the future long-term growth of the business by identifying and developing those employees who can ultimately transition into key roles within blackrock. the market for qualified fund managers, investment analysts, financial advisers and other professionals is competitive, and factors that affect blackrock’s ability to attract and retain such employees include the company’s reputation, the compensation and benefits it provides, and its commitment to effectively managing executive succession, including the development and training of qualified individuals. in addition, a percentage of the deferred compensation that blackrock pays to its employees is tied to the company’s share price. as such, if blackrock’s share price were to decrease materially, the retention value of such deferred compensation would decrease. there can be no assurance that the company will continue to be successful in its efforts to recruit and retain employees and effectively manage executive succession. if blackrock is unable to attract and retain talented individuals, or if it fails to effectively manage executive succession, the company’s ability to compete effectively and retain its existing clients may be materially impacted.
future inorganic transactions may harm the company’s competitive or financial position if they are not successful.
blackrock employs a variety of organic and inorganic strategies intended to enhance earnings, increase product offerings, access new clients and expand into new geographies. inorganic strategies have included hiring smaller-sized investment teams, and acquiring investment management businesses and other small and medium-sized companies. inorganic transactions involve a number of financial, accounting, tax, regulatory and operational challenges and uncertainties, including in some cases the assumption of pre-existing liabilities. any failure to identify and mitigate these risks through due diligence and indemnification provisions could adversely impact blackrock’s reputation, may cause its aum, revenue and earnings to decline, and may harm the company’s competitive position in the investment management industry. moreover, there can be no assurances that blackrock will be able to successfully integrate or realize the intended benefits from future inorganic transactions.
operating in international markets increases blackrock’s operational, regulatory and other risks.
as a result of blackrock’s extensive international operations, the company faces associated operational, regulatory, reputational, political and foreign exchange rate risks, many of which are outside of the company’s control. the failure of the company’s systems of internal control to mitigate such risks, or of its operating infrastructure to support its global activities, could result in operational failures and regulatory fines or sanctions, which could cause the company’s aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
risks related to blackrock’s key vendor and distribution relationships the failure of a key vendor to blackrock to fulfill its obligations could have a material adverse effect on blackrock’s reputation or business, which may cause the company’s aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock depends on a number of key vendors for various fund administration, accounting, custody, risk analytics, market data, market indices and transfer agent roles and other distribution and operational needs. the failure or inability of blackrock to diversify its sources for key services or the failure of any key vendor to fulfill its obligations could lead to operational and regulatory issues for the company, including with respect to certain of its products, which could result in reputational harm and may cause blackrock’s aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock relies on a number of third parties to provide distribution, portfolio administration and servicing for certain blackrock investment management products and services through their various distribution channels. in particular, blackrock entered into a global distribution agreement with bank of america/merrill lynch in 2006, which is subject to renegotiation at the end of 2016. blackrock’s ability to maintain strong relationships with its distributors is material to the company’s future performance. if blackrock is unable to distribute its products and services successfully, if it experiences an increase in distribution-related costs, or if it is unable to replace or renew existing distribution arrangements, blackrock’s aum, revenue and earnings may decline.
legal and regulatory risks blackrock is subject to extensive and pervasive regulation around the world.
blackrock’s business is subject to extensive regulation around the world. these regulations subject blackrock’s business activities to a pervasive array of increasingly detailed operational requirements, compliance with which is costly, time-consuming and complex. blackrock may be adversely affected by its failure to comply with current laws and regulations or by changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and regulations. challenges associated with interpreting regulations issued in numerous countries in a globally consistent manner may add to such risks, if regulators in different jurisdictions have inconsistent views or provide only limited regulatory guidance. in particular, violation of applicable laws or regulations could result in fines, temporary or permanent prohibition of certain activities, reputational harm and related client terminations, suspensions of employees or revocation of their licenses, suspension or termination of investment adviser, broker-dealer or other registrations, or suspension or termination of bank charter or other sanctions, which could have a material adverse effect on blackrock’s reputation or business and may cause the company’s aum, revenue and earnings to decline. for a more extensive discussion of the laws, regulations and regulators to which blackrock is subject, see “item 1 – business – regulation.”
in recent years a number of proposals for regulatory reform have been introduced and it is expected that the level of
regulatory scrutiny to which blackrock is subject will continue to increase. see “item 1 – business – regulation.” a number of regulatory reforms that have been proposed may require blackrock to alter its business or operating activities, which could be time-consuming and costly and which may impede the company’s growth and may cause aum, revenue and earnings to decline. regulatory reform may also impact blackrock’s banking, insurance company and pension fund clients, which could cause them to change their investment strategies or allocations in manners that may be adverse to blackrock. key regulatory reforms that may impact the company include:
•                       designation as a systemically important financial institution: under the dfa, the federal reserve is charged with establishing enhanced regulatory requirements for nonbank financial institutions which have been designated as “systemically important” by the fsoc. in addition, the fsb and iosco have issued a consultative document on proposed methodologies to identify nonbank/noninsurance g-sifis. although blackrock has not been designated as a sifi or g-sifi, if it is designated as such in the future, it is likely to become subject to enhanced prudential, capital, supervisory and other requirements. requirements such as these, which were designed to regulate banking institutions, would need to be modified to be applicable to an asset manager such as blackrock. no proposals have been made indicating how such measures would be adapted for asset managers.
•                          the volcker rule: provisions of the dfa referred to as the “volcker rule” created a new section of the bhc act that places limitations on the ability of banks and their subsidiaries to engage in proprietary trading and to invest in and transact with certain private investment funds, including hedge funds, private equity funds and funds of funds (collectively “covered funds”). complying with the volcker rule may reduce the level of market making and liquidity activities of several of blackrock’s trading counterparties, which may adversely impact the liquidity and, in some cases, the pricing of various financial instruments in which blackrock client accounts invest.
because the federal reserve currently treats blackrock as a nonbank subsidiary of pnc, blackrock may be required to conform its activities to the requirements of the volcker rule. on december 18, 2014, the federal reserve announced a second extension to the volcker rule conformance period, giving banking entities until july 21, 2016, to conform investments in and relationships with covered funds and foreign funds that were in place prior to december 31, 2013 (“legacy covered funds”). the federal reserve also announced its intention to act in the future to grant banking entities an additional one-year extension of the conformance period until july 21, 2017, to conform ownership interests in and relationships with these legacy covered funds. the volcker rule’s restrictions would, among other things, limit blackrock’s ability to invest in covered funds and require blackrock to remove its name from the names of its covered funds.
the volcker rule may also require blackrock to sell certain seed and co-investments that it holds in covered funds, potentially at a discount to existing carrying value, depending on market conditions.
•                             money market mutual fund reform: approximately 3% of blackrock’s aum as of december 31, 2014, consisted of assets in u.s. money market funds, of which institutional prime or institutional municipal money market funds (including offshore funds that feed into such money market funds) comprised approximately 2%. in july 2014, the sec adopted rule amendments designed to reform the regulatory structure governing money market funds and to address the perceived systemic risks that such funds present. the new rules require institutional prime and institutional municipal money market funds to employ a floating net asset value method of pricing, which allows the daily share prices of these funds to fluctuate along with changes in the market-based value of fund assets. the rules also provide for new tools for the funds’ boards designed to address liquidity shocks, including liquidity fees and redemption gates. the rules do not apply to government (non-municipal) and retail money market funds, except that retail money market funds must comply with liquidity fees and redemption gate requirements. the potential impact of the rules that affect the structure of the funds, which have a two-year compliance period, on blackrock’s business remains untested; they may, however, reduce the attractiveness of certain money market funds to investors.
•                        regulation of swaps and derivatives: the implementation of dfa regulations, similar regulations in the eu and other global jurisdictions relating to swaps and derivatives could impact the manner in which blackrock-advised funds and accounts use and trade swaps and other derivatives, increasing the costs of derivatives trading for blackrock’s clients. various global rules and regulations applicable to the use of financial products by funds, accounts and counterparties that have been adopted or proposed will require blackrock to build and implement new compliance monitoring procedures to address the enhanced level of oversight to which it and its clients will be subject. these rules will also introduce new central clearing requirements for certain swap transactions and will require that certain swaps be executed only on or through electronic trading venues (as opposed to over the phone or other execution methods), with which blackrock will have to comply. the new rules and regulations may produce regulatory inconsistencies in global derivatives trading rules and will increase the operational and legal risks with which blackrock will have to contend.
•                        increased international regulatory scrutiny: in addition to the extensive scrutiny blackrock faces from u.s.-based regulators, the company and its subsidiaries are also subject to the authority of numerous governmental and regulatory bodies globally, in particular in europe and the asia-pacific region. these regulators have imposed numerous regulations, guidelines and standards on the activities of blackrock and its subsidiaries covering a variety of areas, including capital resources requirements, marketing activities, client and investor protections, senior management arrangements and enhanced system and control requirements. in the event that blackrock or any of its subsidiaries fails to comply with these often complex guidelines, regulations and standards, the regulators have broad powers to suspend or revoke any licenses they may have granted and/or to impose sanctions or fines.
•                           european union directives: in the aftermath of the financial crisis, the european commission (“ec”) initiated a plan for eu financial reform, including a number of consultations and initiatives intended to improve retail investor protections, which the ec reflected in new or updated directives and regulations. the resulting review of mifid, introduction of aifmd, the introduction of mifid 2 and the revision of the ucits directive have increased the compliance, disclosure and other obligations blackrock faces in the european economic area. once fully implemented, these directives will have significant and wide-ranging impacts on eu securities and derivatives markets, which will directly and indirectly impact blackrock’s eu-regulated subsidiaries and other group companies.
•                           extension of retail distribution review rules to new markets: blackrock must also comply with newly implemented retail distribution rules aimed at enhancing consumer protections, overhauling mutual fund fee structures and increasing professionalism in the retail investment sector. the rules were originally introduced in the united kingdom and have since been introduced in other jurisdictions where blackrock operates. similarly, mifid 2 will contain a ban on certain advisers recovering commissions and other nonmonetary benefits from fund managers. these rules, if implemented, may lead to changes to the fees and commissions blackrock is able to charge to its clients, as well as to its client servicing and distribution models.
blackrock is subject to a number of sources of potential legal liability and the company, certain of the investment funds it manages and certain of its subsidiaries and employees have been named as defendants in various legal actions, including arbitrations, class actions and other litigation arising in connection with blackrock’s activities. certain of blackrock’s subsidiaries and employees are also subject to periodic examination, special inquiries and potential proceedings by regulatory authorities, including the sec, occ, dol, cftc and fca. similarly, from time to time, blackrock receives subpoenas or other requests for information from various u.s. and non-u.s. governmental and regulatory authorities in connection with certain industry-wide, company-specific or other investigations or proceedings. these examinations, inquiries and proceedings, have in the past and could in the future, if compliance failures or other violations are found, cause the relevant regulator to institute proceedings and impose sanctions for violations. any such action may also result in litigation by investors in blackrock’s funds, other blackrock clients or by blackrock’s shareholders, which could harm the company’s reputation and may cause its aum, revenue and earnings to decline, potentially harm the investment returns of the applicable fund, or result in the company being liable to the funds for damages.
in addition, when clients retain blackrock to manage their assets or provide them with products or services, they typically specify contractual requirements or guidelines that blackrock must observe in the provision of its services. a failure to comply with these guidelines or requirements could expose blackrock to lawsuits, harm its reputation or cause clients to withdraw assets or terminate contracts, any of which could cause the company’s aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
as blackrock’s business continues to grow, the company must routinely address conflicts of interest, as well as the perception of conflicts of interest, between itself and its clients or employees. in addition, the sec and other regulators have increased their scrutiny of potential conflicts. blackrock has procedures and controls in place that are designed to detect and address these issues. however, appropriately dealing with conflicts of interest is complex and if the company fails, or appears to fail, to appropriately deal with any conflict of interest, it may face reputational damage, litigation, regulatory proceedings, or penalties or other sanctions, any of which may cause blackrock’s aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock is subject to banking regulations that may limit its business activities.
as described in “item 1-business-regulation”, pnc owns approximately 22% of blackrock’s capital stock. based on the federal reserve’s interpretation of the bhc act, the federal reserve currently takes the position that this ownership interest causes blackrock to be treated as a nonbank subsidiary of pnc for purposes of the bhc act, thereby subjecting blackrock to banking regulation, including the supervision and regulation of the federal reserve. such banking regulation limits the activities and the types of businesses that a nonbank subsidiary may conduct. the federal reserve has broad enforcement authority over nonbank subsidiaries, including the power to prohibit them from conducting any activity that, in the federal reserve’s opinion, is unauthorized or constitutes an unsafe or unsound practice, and to impose substantial fines and other penalties for violations. pnc is regulated as a “financial holding company” under the bhc act, which allows pnc and blackrock to engage in a much broader set of activities than would otherwise be permitted under the bhc act; any failure of pnc to maintain its status as a financial holding company could result in substantial limitations on certain blackrock activities and its growth. in addition to being subject to capital requirements established by the occ, blackrock’s trust bank subsidiary, which is organized as a national bank, is separately subject to banking regulation by the occ. the occ has broad enforcement authority over blackrock’s trust bank subsidiary. being subject to banking regulation may put blackrock at a competitive disadvantage because most of its competitors are not subject to these limitations.
of note among the various international regulations to which blackrock is subject, are the extensive and increasingly stringent regulatory reporting requirements that necessitate the monitoring and reporting of issuer exposure levels (thresholds) across the holdings of managed funds and accounts and those of the company. the specific triggers and the reporting methods that these threshold filings entail vary significantly by regulator and across jurisdictions. blackrock continues to invest in technology, training and its employees to enhance its monitoring and reporting functions and improve the timeliness and accuracy of its disclosures. despite these investments, the complexity of the various threshold reporting requirements combined with the breadth of the assets managed by the company and high volume of securities trading have caused errors and omissions to occur in the past, and pose a risk that errors or omissions will occasionally occur in the future. any such errors may expose blackrock to monetary penalties, which
new tax legislation or changes in u.s. and foreign tax laws and regulations or challenges to blackrock’s historical taxation practices may adversely affect blackrock’s effective tax rate, business and overall financial condition.
blackrock’s businesses may be affected by new tax legislation or regulations, or the modification of existing tax laws and regulations, by u.s. or non-u.s. authorities. in particular, fatca has introduced expansive new investor onboarding, withholding and reporting rules aimed at ensuring u.s. persons with financial assets outside of the united states pay appropriate taxes. the fatca rules will impact both u.s. and non-u.s. funds and subject blackrock to extensive additional administrative burdens. similarly, there has been renewed momentum by several eu member states to introduce an ftt, which would impose taxation on a broad range of financial instrument and derivatives transactions. if introduced as proposed, ftts could have an adverse effect on blackrock’s financial results and on clients’ performance results. in addition, the organization for economic co-operation and development recently launched a base erosion and profit shifting proposal that aims to rationalize tax treatment across jurisdictions. if the beps proposal becomes the subject of legislative action in the format proposed it could have unintended taxation consequences for collective investment vehicles and the company’s tax position, which could adversely affect blackrock’s financial condition.
the company also manages significant assets in products and accounts that have specific tax and after-tax related objectives, which could be adversely impacted by changes in tax policy, particularly with respect to u.s. municipal income, u.s. individual income tax rate on qualified dividends and, globally, alternative products. additionally, any new legislation, modification or interpretation of tax laws could impact blackrock’s corporate tax position. the application of complex tax regulations involves numerous uncertainties and in the normal course of business, u.s. and non-u.s. tax authorities may review and challenge blackrock’s historical tax positions. these challenges may result in adjustments to blackrock’s tax position, or impact the timing or amount of, taxable income, deductions or other tax allocations, which may adversely affect blackrock’s effective tax rate and overall financial condition.
risks related to blackrock’s significant shareholder pnc owns a large portion of blackrock’s capital stock. future sales of our common stock in the public market by the company or pnc could adversely affect the trading price of our common stock.
as of december 31, 2014, pnc owned 22% of the company’s capital stock. sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales might occur, could cause the market price of our common stock to decline.
pnc has agreed to vote as a stockholder in accordance with the recommendation of blackrock’s board of directors, and certain actions will require special board approval or the prior approval of pnc.
as discussed in our proxy statement, pnc has agreed to vote all of its voting shares in accordance with the recommendation of blackrock’s board of directors in accordance with the provisions of its stockholder agreement with blackrock. as a consequence, if the shares held by pnc constitute a substantial portion of the outstanding voting shares, matters submitted to a stockholder vote that require a majority or a plurality of votes for approval, including elections of directors, will have a substantial number of shares voted in accordance with the determination of the blackrock board of directors. this arrangement has the effect of concentrating a significant block of voting control over blackrock in its board of directors, whether or not stockholders agree with any particular determination of the board.
as discussed in our proxy statement, pursuant to our stockholder agreement with pnc, the following may not be done without prior approval of all of the independent directors, or at least two-thirds of the directors, then in office:
•   appointment of a new chief executive officer of blackrock;
•   any merger, issuance of shares or similar transaction in which beneficial ownership of a majority of the total voting power of blackrock capital stock would be held by persons different than those currently holding such majority of the total voting power, or any sale of all or substantially all assets of blackrock;
•                       any acquisition of any person or business which has a consolidated net income after taxes for its preceding fiscal year that equals or exceeds 20% of blackrock’s consolidated net income after taxes for its preceding fiscal year if such acquisition involves the current or potential issuance of blackrock capital stock constituting more than 10% of the total voting power of blackrock capital stock issued and outstanding immediately after completion of such acquisition;
•   any acquisition of any person or business constituting a line of business that is materially different from the lines of business blackrock and its controlled affiliates are engaged in at that time if such acquisition involves consideration in excess of 10% of the total assets of blackrock on a consolidated basis;
•   except for repurchases otherwise permitted under the stockholder agreement, any repurchase by blackrock or any subsidiary of shares of blackrock capital stock such that after giving effect to such repurchase blackrock and its subsidiaries shall have repurchased more than 10% of the total voting power of blackrock capital stock within the 12-month period ending on the date of such repurchase;
•   any amendment to blackrock’s certificate of incorporation or bylaws; or
•   any matter requiring stockholder approval pursuant to the rules of the nyse.
additionally, blackrock may not enter into any of the following transactions without the prior approval of pnc:
•   any sale of any subsidiary of blackrock, the annualized revenue of which, together with the annualized revenue of any other subsidiaries disposed of within the same year, are more than 20% of the annualized revenue of blackrock for the preceding fiscal year on a consolidated basis;
•   for so long as blackrock is a subsidiary of pnc for purposes of the bhc act, entering into any business or activity that is prohibited for any such subsidiary under the bhc act;
•   any amendment of any provision of a stockholder agreement between blackrock and any stockholder beneficially owning greater than 20% of blackrock capital stock that would be viewed by a reasonable person as being adverse to pnc or materially more favorable to the rights of any stockholder beneficially owning greater than 20% of blackrock capital stock than to pnc;
•               any amendment, modification, repeal or waiver of blackrock’s certificate of incorporation or bylaws that would be viewed by a reasonable person as being adverse to the rights of pnc or more favorable to the rights of any stockholder beneficially owning greater than 20% of blackrock capital stock, or any settlement or consent in a regulatory enforcement matter that would be reasonably likely to cause pnc or any of its affiliates to suffer regulatory disqualification, suspension of registration or license or other material adverse regulatory consequences; or
item 7. management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations forward-looking statements this report, and other statements that blackrock may make, may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act, with respect to blackrock’s future financial or business performance, strategies or expectations. forward-looking statements are typically identified by words or phrases such as “trend,” “potential,” “opportunity,” “pipeline,” “believe,” “comfortable,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “current,” “intention,” “estimate,” “position,” “assume,” “outlook,” “continue,” “remain,” “maintain,” “sustain,” “seek,” “achieve,” and similar expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as “will,” “would,” “should,” “could,” “may” and similar expressions.
blackrock cautions that forward-looking statements are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties, which change over time. forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and blackrock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update forward-looking statements. actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements and future results could differ materially from historical performance.
in addition to risk factors previously disclosed in blackrock’s securities and exchange commission (“sec”) reports and those identified elsewhere in this report, the following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements or historical performance: (1) the introduction, withdrawal, success and timing of business initiatives and strategies; (2) changes and volatility in political, economic or industry conditions, the interest rate environment, foreign exchange rates or financial and capital markets, which could result in changes in demand for products or services or in the value of assets under management (“aum”); (3) the relative and absolute investment performance of blackrock’s investment products; (4) the impact of increased competition; (5) the impact of future acquisitions or divestitures; (6) the unfavorable resolution of legal proceedings; (7) the extent and timing of any share repurchases; (8) the impact, extent and timing of technological changes and the adequacy of intellectual property, information and cyber security protection; (9) the impact of legislative and regulatory actions and reforms, including the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act, and regulatory, supervisory or enforcement actions of government agencies relating to blackrock or the pnc financial services group, inc. (“pnc”); (10) terrorist activities, international hostilities and natural disasters, which may adversely affect the general economy, domestic and local financial and capital markets, specific industries or blackrock; (11) the ability to attract and retain highly talented professionals; (12) fluctuations in the carrying value of blackrock’s economic investments; (13) the impact of changes to tax legislation, including income, payroll and transaction taxes, and taxation on products or transactions, which could affect the value proposition to clients and, generally, the tax position of the company; (14) blackrock’s success in maintaining the distribution of its products; (15) the impact of blackrock electing to provide support to its products from time to time and any potential liabilities related to securities lending or other indemnification obligations; and (16) the impact of problems at other financial institutions or the failure or negative performance of products at other financial institutions.
overview blackrock, inc. (together, with its subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise indicates, “blackrock” or the “company”) is a leading publicly traded investment management firm with $4.652 trillion of aum at december 31, 2014. with approximately 12,200 employees in more than 30 countries, blackrock provides a broad range of investment and risk management services to institutional and retail clients worldwide.
for further information see note 1, introduction and basis of presentation, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements beginning on page f-1 of this form 10-k.
operating income                                                                         $4,474                        $3,857                        $3,524
operating margin                                                                           40.4   %                      37.9   %                      37.7   %
nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to                       (49   )                        97                           (36   )
operating income                                                                         $4,563                        $4,024                        $3,574
operating margin                                                                           42.9   %                      41.4   %                      40.4   %
nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to                       (56   )                         7                           (42   )
assets under management (end of period)                                              $4,651,895                    $4,324,088                    $3,791,588
common and preferred shares outstanding (end of period)                             166,921,863                   168,724,763                   171,215,729
(1)   net of net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests (“nci”) (redeemable and nonredeemable).
(2)   as adjusted items are described in more detail in non-gaap financial measures.
(3)             nonvoting participating preferred shares are considered to be common stock equivalents for purposes of determining basic and diluted earnings per share calculations. in addition, unvested restricted stock units
(“rsus”) that contain nonforfeitable rights to dividends are not included for 2012 as they were deemed to be participating securities in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states (“gaap”). upon vesting of the participating rsus, the shares were added to the weighted-average shares outstanding that resulted in an increase to the percentage of net income attributable to common shares. the company’s remaining participating securities vested in january 2013.
(4)   total blackrock stockholders’ equity, excluding an appropriated retained deficit of $19 million for 2014 and appropriated retained earnings of $22 million and $29 million for 2013 and 2012, respectively, divided by total common and preferred shares outstanding at december 31 of the respective year-end.
gaap. operating income of $4,474 million increased $617 million from 2013, reflecting growth in base fees and blackrock solutions and advisory revenue, partially offset by higher expense. the company’s 2014 expense reflected higher revenue-related expense, including compensation and direct fund expense. expense for 2014 also included a $50 million reduction of an indemnification asset recorded in general and administration expense (offset by a $50 million tax benefit—see income tax expense within discussion of financial results for more information) and $11 million of closed-end fund launch costs. the 2013 expense included $124 million of expense related to the charitable contribution described below and $18 million of closed-end fund launch costs.
nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to nci, decreased $146 million from 2013. the prior year included a $39 million noncash, nonoperating pre-tax gain related to the carrying value of the company’s equity method investment as a result of an initial public offering of pennymac financial services, inc. (the “pennymac ipo”). in addition, in 2013, the company made a charitable contribution of approximately six million units of the company’s investment in pennymac to a donor advised fund (the “charitable contribution”). in connection with the charitable contribution, the company also recorded a noncash, nonoperating pre-tax gain of $80 million related to the contributed investment. the decrease in nonoperating income (expense) also reflected net lower returns on the co-investment and seed portfolio and higher interest expense resulting from a long-term debt issuance in march 2014, partially offset by the positive impact of the monetization of a nonstrategic, opportunistic private equity investment during 2014.
income tax expense of $1,131 million included $94 million of tax benefits, including the $50 million tax benefit mentioned above. income tax expense for 2014 and 2013 reflected the revaluation of deferred income tax liabilities related to intangible assets and goodwill. income tax expense for 2014 included a $9 million net noncash tax benefit arising primarily from state and local income tax changes and a $73 million net tax benefit related to several favorable nonrecurring items. income tax expense for 2013 included a $69 million noncash tax benefit, primarily related to legislation enacted in the united kingdom and state and local income tax changes. in addition, 2013 income tax expense included a tax benefit of approximately $48 million recognized in connection with the charitable contribution, a tax benefit of approximately $29 million, primarily due to the realization of tax loss carryforwards, and benefits from certain nonrecurring items.
earnings per diluted common share rose $2.38, or 14%, from 2013 due to higher net income and the benefit of share repurchases.
as adjusted. operating income of $4,563 million and operating margin of 42.9% increased $539 million and 150 basis points, respectively, from 2013. the current year results excluded a $50 million general and administrative expense related to the reduction of an indemnification asset. the 2014 income tax expense included a $73 million net tax benefit and excluded a $50 million tax benefit associated with the reduction of the same indemnification asset and $9 million of net noncash benefits described above. the 2013 results excluded the financial impact of the charitable contribution, but included the $39 million pre-tax nonoperating gain related to the pennymac ipo. the 2013 income tax expense included a tax benefit of approximately $29 million and benefits from certain nonrecurring items and excluded the $69 million net noncash benefit, described above. earnings per diluted common share rose $2.76, or 17%, from 2013.
gaap. operating income of $3,857 million increased $333 million from 2012, reflecting growth in base fees, strong performance fees and higher blackrock solutions and advisory revenue, partially offset by higher expenses, primarily due to the previously mentioned $124 million expense related to the charitable contribution and higher revenue-related expense. operating income in 2012 included a $30 million charge related to a contribution to certain of the company’s bank-managed short-term investment funds (“stifs”). nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to nci, increased $133 million due to the $39 million pre-tax gain related to the pennymac ipo and the $80 million related to the charitable contribution and higher net positive marks on investments during 2013 compared with 2012. income tax expense included a $69 million net noncash benefit for 2013 and a $30 million net noncash benefit for 2012. the net noncash benefits for both periods primarily related to the revaluation of certain deferred income tax liabilities, including legislation enacted in the united kingdom and domestic state and local income tax changes. in addition, 2013 income tax expense included a tax benefit of approximately $48 million recognized in connection with the charitable contribution, a tax benefit of approximately $29 million, primarily due to the realization of tax loss carryforwards and benefits from certain nonrecurring items. earnings per diluted common share rose $3.08, or 22%, compared with 2012 due to higher net income and the benefit of share repurchases.
as adjusted. operating income of $4,024 million and operating margin of 41.4% increased $450 million and 100 basis points, respectively, from 2012. the current year results included the previously mentioned $39 million pre-tax nonoperating gain related to the pennymac ipo. income tax expense included a tax benefit of approximately $29 million, primarily due to the realization of tax loss carryforwards, and benefits from certain nonrecurring items and excluded the $69 million net noncash benefit in 2013 and the $30 million net noncash benefit in 2012 described above. earnings per diluted common share rose $2.90, or 21%, from 2012. the financial impact related to the charitable contribution has been excluded from as adjusted results for 2013.
see non-gaap financial measures for further information on as adjusted items.
for further discussion of blackrock’s revenue, expense, nonoperating results and income tax expense, see discussion of financial results herein.
business outlook blackrock’s highly diversified multi-product platform was created to meet the needs of its clients in all market environments. blackrock is positioned to provide active and index investment solutions across asset classes and geographies and leverage blackrock solutions’ world-class risk management, analytics and advisory capabilities on behalf of clients. blackrock serves a diverse mix of institutional and retail clients across the globe, including investors in ishares etfs, maintaining differentiated client relationships and a fiduciary focus.
blackrock’s retail strategy is focused on an outcome-oriented approach to creating client solutions, including active, index and alternative products, and enhanced distribution. in the united states, blackrock is leveraging its integrated wholesaler force to further penetrate wirehouse distribution platforms and gain share amongst registered investment advisors. internationally, blackrock continues to diversify the range of investment solutions available to clients, penetrate new distribution channels and capitalize on regulatory change impacting retrocession arrangements.
ishares growth strategy is centered on increasing global ishares market share and driving global market expansion. blackrock will seek to achieve these goals by pursuing global growth themes in client and product segments including core investments, financial instruments and precision exposures.
blackrock believes institutional results will be driven by strength in specialty areas, including defined contribution, financial institutions, official institutions and foundations, family offices and endowments; deepening client relationships through effective cross-selling efforts; enhancing blackrock’s solutions-oriented approach and leveraging blackrock solutions’ analytical and risk management expertise.
assuming a stable market environment, blackrock anticipates that organic growth, coupled with the benefits of scale, should result in increasing operating margins over time.
blackrock believes that earnings growth and shareholder returns should also be positively impacted by the company’s commitment to a consistent and predictable capital management strategy.
non-gaap financial measures blackrock reports its financial results in accordance with gaap; however, management believes evaluating the company’s ongoing operating results may be enhanced if investors have additional non-gaap financial measures. management reviews non-gaap financial measures to assess ongoing operations and, for the reasons described below, considers them to be effective indicators, for both management and investors, of blackrock’s financial performance over time. blackrock’s management does not advocate that investors consider such non-gaap financial measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with gaap.
computations for all periods are derived from the consolidated statements of income as follows:
(1) operating income, as adjusted, and operating margin, as adjusted:
operating income, as adjusted, equals operating income, gaap basis, excluding certain items management deems nonrecurring, recurring infrequently or transactions that ultimately will not impact blackrock’s book value. management believes operating income, as adjusted, and operating margin, as adjusted, are effective indicators of blackrock’s financial performance over time and, therefore, provide useful disclosure to investors.
operating income, gaap basis                                                                          $4,474                $3,857                $3,524
non-gaap expense adjustments:
reduction of indemnification asset                                                                        50                     —                     —
operating income, as adjusted                                                                          4,563                 4,024                 3,574
operating income used for operating margin measurement                                                $4,574                $4,042                $3,599
non-gaap adjustments:
amortization of deferred sales commissions                                                               (56   )               (52   )               (55   )
revenue used for operating margin measurement                                                        $10,661                $9,775                $8,918
operating margin, gaap basis                                                                            40.4   %              37.9   %              37.7   %
operating margin, as adjusted                                                                           42.9   %              41.4   %              40.4   %
•                             operating income, as adjusted, includes non-gaap expense adjustments. the portion of compensation expense associated with certain long-term incentive plans (“ltip”) funded, or to be funded, through share distributions to participants of blackrock stock held by pnc has been excluded because it ultimately does not impact blackrock’s book value. in 2014, general and administration expense relating to the reduction of an indemnification asset has been excluded since it is directly offset by a tax benefit of the same amount and, consequently, does not impact blackrock’s book value. in 2013, the $124 million expense related to the charitable contribution has been excluded from operating income, as adjusted, due to its nonrecurring nature and because the noncash, nonoperating pre-tax gain of $80 million directly related to the contributed pennymac investment is reported in nonoperating income (expense). the u.k. lease exit amount in 2012 represents an adjustment related to the estimated lease exit costs initially recorded in 2011 and the contribution to stifs represents a contribution to certain of the company’s bank-managed stifs. both the u.k. lease exit amount and contribution to stifs
have been excluded from operating income, as adjusted due to their nonrecurring nature. compensation expense associated with appreciation (depreciation) on investments related to certain blackrock deferred compensation plans has been excluded as returns on investments set aside for these plans, which substantially offset this expense, are reported in nonoperating income (expense).
management believes operating income exclusive of these items is a useful measure in evaluating blackrock’s operating performance and helps enhance the comparability of this information for the reporting periods presented.
•            operating margin, as adjusted, allows blackrock to compare performance from period to period by adjusting for items that may not recur, recur infrequently or may have an economic offset in nonoperating income
(expense). blackrock also uses operating margin, as adjusted, to monitor corporate performance and efficiency and as a benchmark to compare its performance with other companies. management uses both gaap and non-gaap financial
measures in evaluating blackrock’s financial performance. the non-gaap measure by itself may pose limitations because it does not include all of blackrock’s revenue and expense.
operating income used for measuring operating margin, as adjusted, is equal to operating income, as adjusted, excluding the impact of closed-end fund launch costs and related commissions. management believes the exclusion of such costs and related commissions is useful because these costs can fluctuate considerably and revenue associated with the expenditure of these costs will not fully impact blackrock’s results until future periods.
revenue used for operating margin, as adjusted, excludes distribution and servicing costs paid to related parties and other third parties. management believes the exclusion of such costs is useful because it creates consistency in the treatment for certain contracts for similar services, which due to the terms of the contracts, are accounted for under gaap on a net basis within investment advisory, administration fees and securities lending revenue. amortization of deferred sales commissions is excluded from revenue used for operating margin measurement, as adjusted, because such costs, over time, substantially offset distribution fee revenue the company earns. for each of these items, blackrock excludes from revenue used for operating margin, as adjusted, the costs related to each of these items as a proxy for such offsetting revenue.
(2) nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to nci, as adjusted, nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to nci, as adjusted, equals nonoperating income (expense), gaap basis, less net income (loss) attributable to nci, adjusted for compensation expense associated with (appreciation) depreciation on investments related to certain blackrock deferred compensation plans. the compensation expense offset is recorded in operating income. this compensation expense has been included in nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to nci, as adjusted, to offset returns on investments set aside for these plans, which are reported in nonoperating income (expense), gaap basis.
management believes nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to nci, as adjusted, provides comparability of information among reporting periods and is an effective measure for reviewing blackrock’s nonoperating contribution to results. as compensation expense associated with (appreciation) depreciation on investments related to certain deferred compensation plans, which is included in operating income, substantially offsets the gain (loss) on the investments set aside for these plans, management believes nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to nci, as adjusted, provides a useful measure, for both management and investors, of blackrock’s nonoperating results that impact book value. during 2013, the noncash, nonoperating pre-tax gain of $80 million related to the contributed pennymac investment has been excluded from nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to nci, as adjusted due to its nonrecurring nature and because the more than offsetting associated charitable contribution expense of $124 million is reported in operating income.
nonoperating income (expense), gaap basis                                                        $(79       )           $116           $(54)
nonoperating income (expense), net of nci                                                             (49   )             97                (36   )
nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to nci, as adjusted           $(56       )             $7           $(42       )
management believes net income attributable to blackrock, inc., as adjusted, and diluted earnings per common share, as adjusted, are useful measures of blackrock’s profitability and financial performance. net income attributable to blackrock, inc., as adjusted, equals net income attributable to blackrock, inc., gaap basis, adjusted for significant nonrecurring items, charges that ultimately will not impact blackrock’s book value or certain tax items that do not impact cash flow.
non-gaap adjustments, net of tax:
allocation of net income, as adjusted, to common shares(4)          $3,310              $2,882              $2,435
see aforementioned discussion regarding operating income, as adjusted, and operating margin, as adjusted, for information on the pnc ltip funding obligation, charitable contribution, u.k. lease exit costs and contribution to stifs.
for each period presented, the non-gaap adjustments, including the pnc ltip funding obligation, u.k. lease exit costs and contribution to stifs were tax effected at the respective blended rates applicable to the adjustments. amounts for 2013 included a tax benefit of approximately $48 million recognized in connection with the charitable contribution. the tax benefit has been excluded from net income attributable to blackrock, inc., as adjusted due to the nonrecurring nature of the charitable contribution.
non-gaap adjustments for 2014, 2013 and 2012 reflected the revaluation of deferred income tax liabilities related to intangible assets and/or goodwill. the amount for 2014 included a $9 million net noncash tax benefit arising primarily from state and local income tax changes. the amount for 2013 included a $69 million noncash tax benefit, primarily related to legislation enacted in the united kingdom and state and local income tax changes. the amount for 2012 included a $50 million noncash tax benefit, primarily related to the effect of legislation enacted in the united kingdom and the state and local income tax effect resulting from changes in the company’s organizational structure. such amounts for 2014, 2013 and 2012 have been excluded from as adjusted results as they will not have a cash flow impact and to ensure comparability among periods presented.
(5)   nonvoting participating preferred stock is considered to be a common stock equivalent for purposes of determining basic and diluted earnings per share calculations.
0.2 million in 2012. for further information, see note 21, earnings per share, to the consolidated financial statements.
assets under management aum for reporting purposes generally is based upon how investment advisory and administration fees are calculated for each portfolio. net asset values, total assets, committed assets or other measures may be used to determine portfolio aum.
cash management                        296,353                    275,554                    263,743               25,696                     10,056                      5,048
cash management                             296,353                    275,554                    263,743               25,696                     10,056                      5,048
(1)   amounts include the effect of two single client low-fee institutional index fixed income outflows of $36.0 billion and $74.2 billion.
the following table presents the component changes in blackrock’s aum for 2014, 2013 and 2012.
beginning assets under management             $4,324,088                $3,791,588                $3,512,681
cash management                                   25,696                    10,056                     5,048
market change                                    261,682                   398,707                   321,377
fx impact(4)                                    (127,651   )               (12,866   )                15,745
total change                                     327,807                   532,500                   278,907
ending assets under management                $4,651,895                $4,324,088                $3,791,588
(1)   in 2012, amounts include the effect of two single client low-fee institutional index fixed income outflows of $36.0 billion and $74.2 billion.
(3)                  amounts include aum acquired from the company’s acquisition of mgpa in october 2013 of $11.0 billion, the credit suisse etf franchise in july 2013 (the “credit suisse etf transaction”) of $16.0
billion, the swiss re private equity partners acquisition (the “srpep transaction”) in september 2012 of $6.2 billion and the claymore investments, inc. acquisition (the “claymore transaction”) in march 2012 of $7.6 billion.
(4)   foreign exchange reflects the impact of converting non-u.s. dollar denominated aum into u.s. dollars for reporting purposes.
blackrock has historically grown aggregate aum through organic growth and acquisitions. management believes that the company will be able to continue to grow aum by focusing on strong investment performance, efficient delivery of beta for index products, client service, developing new products and optimizing distribution capabilities.
component changes in aum for 2014
the following table presents the component changes in aum by client type and product for 2014.
(in millions)                  december 31,               net               market       fx                          december 31,   full year
2013           inflows               change       impact(1)                           2014   average
cash management                     275,554            25,696                  715                (5,612   )              296,353
(1)   foreign exchange reflects the impact of converting non-u.s. dollar denominated aum into u.s. dollars for reporting purposes.
(2)   average aum is calculated as the average of the month-end spot aum amounts for the trailing thirteen months.
the following table presents component changes in aum by product for 2014.
(in millions)                       december 31,   net                           market       fx                          december 31,           full year
2013   inflows                       change       impact(1)                           2014             average
cash management                          275,554            25,696                  715                (5,612   )              296,353
(1)   foreign exchange reflects the impact of converting non-u.s. dollar denominated aum into u.s. dollars for reporting purposes.
(2)   average aum is calculated as the average of the month-end spot aum amounts for the trailing thirteen months.
aum increased $327.8 billion, or 8%, to $4.652 trillion at december 31, 2014 from $4.324 trillion at december 31, 2013. the increase in aum was driven by net market appreciation of $261.7 billion and net inflows of $193.8 billion, partially offset by foreign exchange movements.
net market appreciation of $261.7 billion included $140.8 billion of growth in equity products primarily due to higher u.s. equity markets, and appreciation of $98.8 billion and $21.0 billion in fixed income and multi-asset products, respectively, across the majority of strategies.
aum decreased $127.7 billion from foreign exchange movements, primarily resulting from the strengthening of the u.s. dollar against the euro, the british pound and the japanese yen.
component changes in aum for 2013
the following table presents the component changes in aum by client type and product for 2013.
(in millions)                  december 31,               net       adjustments(1)            acquisitions(2)           market                   fx             december 31,           full year
2012           inflows                                                           change            impact(3)                     2013             average
cash management                     263,743            10,056                 —                             —              395                1,360                  275,554
(1)   amounts include $19.6 billion of aum related to fund ranges reclassed from institutional to retail and $6.0 billion of aum reclassed from non-etf index equity and fixed income to multi-asset.
(2)   amounts represent $16.0 billion of aum acquired in the credit suisse etf transaction in july 2013 and $11.0 billion of aum acquired in the mgpa acquisition in october 2013.
(3)   foreign exchange reflects the impact of converting non-u.s. dollar denominated aum into u.s. dollars for reporting purposes.
(4)   average aum is calculated as the average of the month-end spot aum amounts for the trailing thirteen months.
the following table presents component changes in aum by product for 2013.
(in millions)                       december 31,   net                     adjustments(1)          acquisitions(2)             market       fx                         december 31,           full year
2012   inflows                                                                     change       impact(3)                          2013             average
cash management                          263,743              10,056                 —                             —              395                1,360                  275,554
(1)   amounts include $6.0 billion of aum reclassed from non-etf index equity and fixed income to multi-asset.
(2)   amounts represent $16.0 billion of aum acquired in the credit suisse etf transaction in july 2013 and $11.0 billion of aum acquired in the mgpa acquisition in october 2013.
(3)   foreign exchange reflects the impact of converting non-u.s. dollar denominated aum into u.s. dollars for reporting purposes.
(4)   average aum is calculated as the average of the month-end spot aum amounts for the trailing thirteen months.
aum increased $532.5 billion, or 14%, to $4.324 trillion at december 31, 2013 from $3.792 trillion at december 31, 2012. the increase in aum was driven by net market appreciation of $398.7 billion, net inflows of $119.7 billion and acquired aum related to the mgpa acquisition and the credit suisse etf transaction, partially offset by foreign exchange movements.
net market appreciation of $398.7 billion included $404.3 billion from equity products, primarily due to positive movements in u.s. and global equity markets.
the $12.9 billion decrease in aum from foreign exchange movements was due to the strengthening of the u.s. dollar, primarily against the japanese yen and the canadian dollar, partially offset by the weakening of the u.s. dollar against the british pound and the euro.
discussion of financial results introduction blackrock derives a substantial portion of its revenue from investment advisory and administration fees, which are recognized as the services are performed. such fees are primarily based on predetermined percentages of the market value of aum or percentages of committed capital during investment periods of certain alternative products and are affected by changes in aum, including market appreciation or depreciation, foreign exchange translation and net inflows or outflows. net inflows or outflows represent the sum of new client assets, additional fundings from existing clients (including dividend reinvestment), withdrawals of assets from, and termination of, client accounts and distributions to investors representing return of capital and return on investments to investors. market appreciation or depreciation includes current income earned on, and changes in the fair value of, securities held in client accounts. foreign exchange translation reflects the impact of converting non-u.s. dollar denominated aum into u.s. dollars for reporting purposes.
blackrock also earns revenue by lending securities on behalf of clients to highly rated banks and broker-dealers. the securities loaned are secured by collateral in the form of cash or securities, with minimum collateral generally ranging from approximately 102% to 112% of the value of the loaned securities. generally, the revenue earned is shared between blackrock and the funds or accounts managed by the company from which the securities are borrowed. historically, securities lending revenue in the second quarter exceeds the other quarters during the year driven by higher seasonal demand.
investment advisory agreements for certain separate accounts and investment funds provide for performance fees based upon relative and/or absolute investment performance, in addition to base fees based on aum. investment advisory performance fees generally are earned after a given period of time and when investment performance exceeds a contractual threshold. as such, the
timing of recognition of performance fees may increase the volatility of blackrock’s revenue and earnings. the magnitude of performance fees can fluctuate quarterly due to the timing of carried interest recognition on alternative products; however the third and fourth quarters have a greater number of nonalternative products with performance measurement periods that end on either september 30 or december 31.
blackrock provides a variety of risk management, investment analytic and investment system and advisory services to financial institutions, pension funds, asset managers, foundations, consultants, mutual fund sponsors, real estate investment trusts and government agencies. these services are provided under the brand name blackrock solutions and include a wide array of risk management services, valuation services related to illiquid securities, disposition and workout assignments (including long-term portfolio liquidation assignments), strategic planning and execution, and enterprise investment system outsourcing to clients. the company’s aladdin® operating platform serves as the investment/risk solutions system for blackrock and other institutional investors. fees earned for blackrock solutions and advisory services are determined using some, or all, of the following methods: (i) percentages of various attributes of advisory aum or value of positions on the aladdin platform, (ii) fixed fees and (iii) performance fees if contractual thresholds are met.
blackrock builds upon its leadership position to meet the growing need for investment and risk management solutions. through its scale and diversity of products, it is able to provide its clients with customized solutions including fiduciary outsourcing for liability-driven investments and overlay strategies for pension plan sponsors, balance sheet management and related services for insurance companies and target date and target return funds, as well as asset allocation portfolios, for retail investors. blackrock is also able to service these clients via its aladdin platform to provide risk management and other outsourcing services for institutional investors and custom and tailored solutions to address complex risk exposures.
the company earns fees for transition management services primarily comprised of commissions from acting as a broker-dealer in connection with buying and selling securities on behalf of its customers. commissions related to transition management services are recorded on a trade-date basis as securities transactions occur.
the company also earns revenue related to certain strategic investments accounted for as equity method investments.
operating expense reflects employee compensation and benefits, distribution and servicing costs, amortization of deferred sales commissions, direct fund expense, general and administration expense and amortization of finite-lived intangible assets.
•   employee compensation and benefits expense includes salaries, commissions, temporary help, deferred and incentive compensation, employer payroll taxes, severance and related benefit costs.
•   distribution and servicing costs, which are primarily aum driven, include payments made to merrill lynch-affiliated entities under a global distribution agreement, to pnc and barclays, as well as other third parties, primarily associated with obtaining and retaining client investments in certain blackrock products.
•                         direct fund expense primarily consist of third-party nonadvisory expense incurred by blackrock related to certain funds for the use of index trademarks, reference data for indices, custodial services, fund administration, fund accounting, transfer agent services, shareholder reporting services, legal expense, audit and tax services as well as other fund-related expense directly attributable to the nonadvisory operations of the fund. these expenses may vary over time with fluctuations in aum, number of shareholder accounts, or other attributes directly related to volume of business.
•   general and administration expense includes marketing and promotional, occupancy and office-related costs, portfolio services (including clearing expense related to transition management services), technology, professional services, communications, closed-end fund launch costs and other general and administration expense, including the impact of foreign currency remeasurement.
approximately 75% of the company’s revenue is generated in u.s. dollars. the company’s revenue and expense generated in foreign currencies (primarily the euro and british pound) are impacted by foreign exchange rates. any effect of foreign exchange rate change on revenue is partially offset by a change in expense driven by the company’s considerable non-dollar expense base related to its operations outside the united states.
nonoperating income (expense) includes the effect of changes in the valuations on investments (excluding available-for-sale investments) and earnings on equity method investments as well as interest and dividend income and interest expense. other comprehensive income includes changes in valuations related to available-for-sale investments. blackrock primarily holds seed and co-investments in sponsored investment products that invest in a variety of asset classes, including private equity, hedge funds and real estate. investments generally are made for co-investment purposes, to establish a performance track record, to hedge exposure to certain deferred compensation plans or for regulatory purposes, including federal reserve bank stock. blackrock does not engage in proprietary trading activities that could conflict with the interests of its clients.
in addition, nonoperating income (expense) includes the impact of changes in the valuations of consolidated sponsored investment funds and consolidated collateralized loan obligations (“clos”). the portion of nonoperating income (expense) not attributable to blackrock is allocated to nci on the consolidated statements of income.
cash management                                                                        292               321               361
investment advisory performance fees:
the table below lists the asset type mix of investment advisory, administration fees and securities lending revenue (collectively “base fees”) and mix of average aum by asset class:
mix of base fees                                mix of average aum by asset class(1)
cash management                        3   %           4   %           4   %               6     %                 7     %                 7   %
(1)   average aum is calculated as the average of the month-end spot aum amounts for the trailing thirteen months.
revenue increased $901 million, or 9%, from 2013, reflecting growth in markets, long-term net inflows and strength in blackrock solutions and advisory revenue.
investment advisory, administration fees and securities lending revenue of $9,589 million for 2014 increased $850 million from $8,739 million in 2013 due to higher long-term average aum, reflecting organic growth and market appreciation. securities lending fees increased $30 million from 2013 to $477 million in 2014.
blackrock solutions and advisory revenue in 2014 totaled $635 million compared with $577 million in 2013. the current year reflected higher revenue from aladdin mandates and higher revenue from advisory assignments. blackrock solutions and advisory revenue included $474 million in aladdin business revenue compared with $433 million in 2013.
revenue increased $843 million, or 9%, from 2012, reflecting growth in markets, long-term net inflows and strength in performance fees and blackrock solutions and advisory revenue.
investment advisory, administration fees and securities lending revenue of $8,739 million for 2013 increased $667 million from $8,072 million in 2012 due to growth in long-term average aum. securities lending fees decreased $63 million from 2012 to $447 million in 2013 driven by lower spreads consistent with industry trends, partially offset by an increase in average balances of securities on loan.
investment advisory performance fees were $561 million in 2013 compared with $463 million in 2012, primarily reflecting higher fees from alternative products, including fund of funds and single-strategy hedge funds. both years reflected significant fees from the liquidation of opportunistic funds.
blackrock solutions and advisory revenue in 2013 totaled $577 million compared with $518 million in 2012. the amount for 2013 reflected a $49 million increase in aladdin business revenue to $433 million and higher advisory assignments revenue.
other revenue increased $17 million, largely reflecting higher transition management service fees and higher earnings from certain strategic investments.
employee compensation and benefits                                                              $3,829            $3,560            $3,287
amortization of deferred sales commissions                                                          56                52                55
marketing and promotional                                                                          413               409               384
occupancy and office related                                                                       267               277               248
portfolio services                                                                                 215               203               196
professional services                                                                              126               128               114
reduction of indemnification asset                                                                  50                 —                 —
amortization of intangible assets                                                                  157               161               157
less non-gaap expense adjustments:
employee compensation and benefits:
reduction of indemnification asset                                                                  50                 —                 —
total non-gaap expense adjustments                                                                  89               167                50
employee compensation and benefits                                                               3,790             3,517             3,259
amortization of deferred sales commissions                                                          56                52                55
amortization of intangible assets                                                                  157               161               157
gaap. expense increased $284 million, or 4%, from 2013, primarily reflecting higher revenue-related expenses, including compensation and direct fund expense and a $50 million reduction of an indemnification asset. expense for 2013 included the $124 million expense related to the charitable contribution.
employee compensation and benefits expense increased $269 million, or 8%, to $3,829 million in 2014 from $3,560 million in 2013, reflecting higher headcount and higher incentive compensation driven by higher operating income. employees at december 31, 2014 totaled approximately 12,200 compared with approximately 11,400 at december 31, 2013.
distribution and servicing costs totaled $364 million in 2014 compared with $353 million in 2013. these costs included payments to bank of america/merrill lynch under a global distribution agreement and payments to pnc, as well as other third parties, primarily associated with the distribution and servicing of client investments in certain blackrock products. distribution and servicing costs for 2014 and 2013 included $183 million and $184 million, respectively, attributable to bank of america/merrill lynch.
direct fund expense increased $91 million, reflecting higher average aum, primarily related to ishares, where blackrock pays certain nonadvisory expense of the funds.
contribution incurred in 2013 and foreign currency remeasurement, partially offset by the $50 million reduction of an indemnification asset.
as adjusted. expense, as adjusted, increased $362 million, or 6%, to $6,518 million in 2014 from $6,156 million in 2013. the increase in total expense, as adjusted, is primarily attributable to higher employee compensation and benefits and direct fund expense. amounts related to the reduction of the indemnification asset and the charitable contribution have been excluded from as adjusted results.
employee compensation and benefits expense increased $273 million, or 8%, to $3,560 million in 2013 from $3,287 million in 2012, reflecting higher headcount and higher incentive compensation driven by higher operating income, including higher performance fees. employees at december 31, 2013 totaled approximately 11,400 compared with approximately 10,500 at december 31, 2012.
distribution and servicing costs totaled $353 million in 2013 compared with $364 million in 2012. these costs included payments to bank of america/merrill lynch under a global distribution agreement and payments to pnc, as well as other third parties, primarily associated with the distribution and servicing of client investments in certain blackrock products. distribution and servicing costs for 2013 and 2012 included $184 million and $195 million, respectively, attributable to bank of america/merrill lynch.
direct fund expense increased $66 million, reflecting higher average aum, primarily related to ishares, where blackrock pays certain nonadvisory expense of the funds.
general and administration expense increased $181 million, largely driven by the $124 million expense related to the charitable contribution, higher marketing and promotional costs and various lease exit costs. the full year 2012 included a one-time $30 million contribution to stifs.
as adjusted. expense, as adjusted, increased $393 million, or 7%, to $6,156 million in 2013 from $5,763 million in 2012. the increase in total expense, as adjusted, is primarily attributable to higher employee compensation and benefits, direct fund expense and general and administration expense.
nonoperating results nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to nci for 2014, 2013 and 2012 was as follows:
nonoperating income (expense), gaap basis                                                        $(79       )           $116           $(54)
nonoperating income (expense)(2)                                                                      (49   )             97                (36   )
nonoperating income (expense), as                                                                $(56       )             $7           $(42       )
(1)   amounts included losses of $41 million and $38 million attributable to consolidated variable interest entities (“vies”) for 2014 and 2012, respectively. during 2013, the company did not record any nonoperating income (loss) or net income (loss) attributable to vies on the consolidated statements of income.
(2)   net of net income (loss) attributable to nci.
the components of nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to nci for 2014, 2013 and 2012 were as follows:
hedge funds/funds of hedge funds                                                                        21                 25                  20
total nonoperating income (expense)(1)                                                                 (49   )             97                 (36   )
nonoperating income (expense), as                                                                     $(56   )             $7                $(42   )
(1)   net of net income (loss) attributable to nci.
(2)   amount included net gains (losses) related to equity and fixed income investments, and blackrock’s seed capital hedging program.
net gains on investments of $154 million in 2014 decreased $132 million from 2013. net gains on investments in 2013 included the noncash, nonoperating pre-tax gain of $80 million related to the charitable contribution and the $39 million pre-tax gain related to the pennymac ipo. net gains on investments in 2014 included the positive impact of the monetization of a nonstrategic, opportunistic private equity investment.
net gains on investments of $286 million in 2013 increased $143 million from 2012 due to the $39 million pre-tax gain related to the pennymac ipo and the $80 million pre-tax gain related to the charitable contribution and higher net positive marks.
for further information on the company’s long-term debt, see liquidity and capital resources herein.
(1)   net of net income (loss) attributable to nci.
the company’s tax rate is affected by tax rates in foreign jurisdictions and the relative amount of income earned in those jurisdictions, which the company expects to be fairly consistent in the near term. the significant foreign jurisdictions, which have lower statutory tax rates than the u.s. federal statutory rate of 35%, include the united kingdom, luxembourg, canada and the netherlands. u.s. income taxes were not provided for certain undistributed foreign earnings intended to be indefinitely reinvested outside the united states.
2014. the gaap effective tax rate of 25.6% for 2014 reflected the revaluation of deferred income tax liabilities related to intangible assets and goodwill. income tax expense for 2014 included a $9 million net noncash benefit arising primarily from state and local income tax changes, which has been excluded from as adjusted results as it will not have a cash flow impact and to ensure comparability among periods presented.
in addition, 2014 included a $94 million tax benefit, primarily due to the resolution of certain outstanding tax matters related to the acquisition of bgi. in connection with the acquisition, blackrock recorded a $50 million indemnification asset for unrecognized tax benefits. due to the resolution of such tax matters in 2014, blackrock recorded $50 million of general and administration expense to reflect the reduction of the indemnification asset and an offsetting $50 million tax benefit. the $50 million general and administrative expense and $50 million tax benefit have been excluded from as adjusted results as there is no impact on blackrock’s book value.
the current year also included a $73 million net tax benefit related to several favorable nonrecurring items.
the as adjusted effective tax rate of 26.6% for 2014 included the tax benefit of approximately $73 million related to certain favorable nonrecurring items and excluded the $9 million net noncash benefit and $50 million tax benefit mentioned above.
2013. the gaap effective tax rate of 25.8% for 2013 reflected a $69 million net noncash benefit primarily related to the revaluation of certain deferred income tax liabilities related to intangible assets and goodwill, including the effect of legislation enacted in the united kingdom and domestic state and local income tax changes. in addition, 2013 included a tax benefit of approximately $48 million recognized in connection with the charitable contribution and a tax benefit of approximately $29 million, primarily due to the realization of tax loss carryforwards, and benefits from certain nonrecurring items.
the as adjusted effective tax rate of 28.5% for 2013 reflected a tax benefit of approximately $29 million, primarily due to the realization of tax loss carryforwards, and benefits from certain nonrecurring items and excluded the $69 million net noncash benefit and the $48 million tax benefit related to the charitable contribution mentioned above.
2012. the gaap effective tax rate of 29.5% for 2012 reflected a $21 million benefit related to the resolution of certain outstanding tax positions and a $50 million net noncash benefit related to the revaluation of certain deferred income tax liabilities, including the effect of tax legislation enacted in the united kingdom and the state and local income tax effect resulting from changes in the company’s organizational structure.
the as adjusted effective tax rate of 31.0% for 2012 excluded the $50 million net noncash tax benefit mentioned above.
balance sheet overview as adjusted balance sheet the following table presents a reconciliation of the consolidated statement of financial condition presented on a gaap basis to the consolidated statement of financial condition, excluding the impact of separate account assets and separate account collateral held under securities lending agreements (directly related to lending separate account securities) and separate account liabilities and separate account collateral liabilities under securities lending agreements, consolidated vies and consolidated sponsored investment funds.
the company presents the as adjusted balance sheet as additional information to enable investors to exclude certain assets that have equal and offsetting liabilities or noncontrolling interests that ultimately do not have an impact on stockholders’ equity (excluding appropriated retained earnings related to consolidated collateralized loan obligations (“clos”)) or cash flows. management views the as adjusted balance sheet, a non-gaap financial measure, as an economic presentation of the company’s total assets and liabilities; however, it does not advocate that investors consider such non-gaap financial measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with gaap.
separate account assets and liabilities and separate account collateral held under securities lending agreements separate account assets are maintained by blackrock life limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of the company, which is a registered life insurance company in the united kingdom, and represent segregated assets held for purposes of funding individual and group pension contracts. the company records equal and offsetting separate account liabilities. the separate account assets are not available to creditors of the company and the holders of the pension contracts have no recourse to the company’s assets. the net investment income attributable to separate account assets accrues directly to the contract owners and is not reported on the company’s consolidated statements of income. while blackrock has no economic interest in these assets or liabilities, blackrock earns an investment advisory fee for the service of managing these assets on behalf of the clients.
in addition, the company records on its consolidated statements of financial condition the separate account collateral received under blackrock life limited securities lending arrangements as its own asset in addition to an equal and offsetting separate account collateral liability for the obligation to return the collateral. the collateral is not available to creditors of the company, and the borrowers under the securities lending arrangements have no recourse to the company’s assets.
consolidated vies at december 31, 2014, blackrock’s consolidated vies included multiple clos and one private investment fund. the assets of these vies are not available to creditors of the company and the company has no obligation to settle the liabilities of the vies. while blackrock has no material economic interest in these assets or liabilities, blackrock earns an investment advisory fee, as well as a potential performance fee, for the service of managing these assets on behalf of clients.
consolidated sponsored investment funds the company consolidates certain sponsored investment funds primarily because it is deemed to control such funds. the company may not be readily able to access cash and cash equivalents held by consolidated sponsored investment funds to use in its operating activities. in addition, the company may not be readily able to sell investments held by consolidated sponsored investment funds in order to obtain cash for use in the company’s operations.
segregated client assets generating advisory fees in which blackrock has no economic interest or liability
(in millions)                                                                                           gaap         separate                          consolidated                               consolidated                    as basis         account assets/                   vies                               sponsored investment              adjusted collateral                                                                          funds assets cash and cash equivalents                                                                             $5,723         $—                                $—                                                 $120                $5,603
assets of consolidated vies                                                                            3,630                   —                                3,630                                        —                     —
separate account assets and collateral held under securities lending agreements                      194,941                   194,941                          —                                            —                     —
liabilities accrued compensation and benefits                                                                     $1,865         $—                                $—                                                   $—                $1,865
liabilities of consolidated vies                                                                       3,634                   —                                3,634                                        —                     —
separate account liabilities and collateral liabilities under securities lending agreements          194,941                   194,941                          —                                            —                     —
(2)   gaap amount includes $19 million of an appropriated retained deficit related solely to consolidated clos in which the company has no equity exposure.
the following discussion summarizes the significant changes in assets and liabilities on a gaap basis. please see the consolidated statements of financial condition as of december 31, 2014 and 2013 contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing. the discussion does not include changes related to assets and liabilities that are equal and offsetting and have no impact on blackrock’s stockholders’ equity.
assets. cash and cash equivalents at december 31, 2014 and 2013 included $120 million and $114 million, respectively, of cash held by consolidated sponsored investment funds (see liquidity and capital resources for details on the change in cash and cash equivalents during 2014).
accounts receivable at december 31, 2014 decreased $127 million from december 31, 2013 due to a decrease in unit trust receivables (substantially offset by an decrease in unit trust payables recorded within accounts payable and accrued liabilities) and lower performance fee receivables. investments decreased $230 million from december 31, 2013 (for more information see investments herein). goodwill and intangible assets decreased $176 million from december 31, 2013, primarily due to $157 million of amortization of intangible assets. other assets (including property, plant and equipment) decreased $49 million from december 31, 2013, primarily related to a decrease in property and equipment due to depreciation and the reduction of an indemnification asset, partially offset by higher earnings from certain strategic investments and an increase in current taxes receivable.
liabilities. accrued compensation and benefits at december 31, 2014 increased $118 million from december 31, 2013, primarily due to 2014 incentive compensation accruals. accounts payable and accrued liabilities at december 31, 2014 decreased $49 million from december 31, 2013 due to lower unit trust payables (substantially offset by an decrease in unit trust receivables recorded within accounts receivable) and a decrease in current income taxes payable, partially offset by increased accruals, including direct fund expense.
net deferred income tax liabilities at december 31, 2014 decreased $96 million, primarily due to the effects of temporary differences associated with stock compensation, investment income, and goodwill and intangibles. other liabilities decreased $118 million from december 31, 2013, primarily resulting from a decrease in uncertain tax positions and a decrease in other operating liabilities.
investments investments totaled $1,921 million at december 31, 2014 and $2,151 million at december 31, 2013. investments include consolidated investments held by sponsored investment funds deemed to be controlled by blackrock. management reviews blackrock’s investments on an “economic” basis, which eliminates the portion of investments that does not impact blackrock’s book value or net income attributable to blackrock. blackrock’s management does not advocate that investors consider such non-gaap financial measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with gaap.
the company presents total investments, as adjusted, to enable investors to understand the portion of its investments that is owned by the company, net of nci, as a gauge to measure the impact of changes in net nonoperating gain (loss) on investments to net income (loss) attributable to blackrock.
the company further presents net “economic” investment exposure, net of deferred compensation investments and hedged investments, to reflect another gauge for investors as the economic impact of investments held pursuant to deferred compensation arrangements is substantially offset by a change in compensation expense and the impact of hedged investments is substantially mitigated by swap hedges. carried interest capital allocations are excluded as there is no impact to blackrock’s stockholders’ equity until such amounts are realized as performance fees. finally, the company’s regulatory investment in federal reserve bank stock, which is not subject to market or interest rate risk, is excluded from the company’s net economic investment exposure.
total “economic” investment exposure                                      $1,319                $1,583
(1)   at december 31, 2014 and 2013, approximately $713 million and $826 million, respectively, of blackrock’s total gaap investments were held in sponsored investment funds that were deemed to be controlled by blackrock in accordance with gaap, and, therefore, are consolidated even though blackrock may not economically own a majority of such funds.
the following table represents the carrying value of the company’s economic investment exposure, by asset type, at december 31, 2014 and 2013:
hedge funds/funds of hedge funds                                   228               348
total “economic” investment exposure                            $1,319            $1,583
(1)   other investments primarily include seed investments in fixed income and equity funds/strategies as well as u.k. government securities held for regulatory purposes.
purchases/capital contributions                                    787
market valuations/earnings from equity method investments          166
carried interest capital allocations                               (18   )
(1)   amounts include distributions representing return of capital and return on investments.
markets for     inputs          (level 3)         value(1)
(1)           amount includes investments held at cost or amortized cost, carried interest and certain equity method investments, which include sponsored investment funds, which are not accounted for under a fair value measure.
certain equity method investees do not account for both their financial assets and financial liabilities under fair value measures, therefore, the company’s investment in such equity method investees may not represent fair value.
(2)   amounts include cash and cash equivalents, other assets and liabilities that are consolidated from non-vie sponsored investment funds. see note 5, fair value disclosures, to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing, for total gaap investments.
liquidity and capital resources blackrock cash flows excluding the impact of consolidated sponsored investment funds and vies blackrock consolidates certain of its sponsored investment funds and clos, notwithstanding the fact blackrock may only have a minority interest, if any, in these funds or clos. as a result, the consolidated statements of cash flows include the cash flows of consolidated sponsored investment funds and clos. the company uses an adjusted cash flow statement, which excludes the impact of consolidated sponsored investment funds and clos, as a supplemental non-gaap measure to assess liquidity and capital requirements. the company believes that its cash flows, excluding the impact of the consolidated sponsored investment funds and clos, provide investors with useful information on the cash flows of blackrock relating to its ability to fund additional operating, investing and financing activities. blackrock’s management does not advocate that investors consider such non-gaap measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, its cash flows presented in accordance with gaap.
the following table presents a reconciliation of the consolidated statements of cash flows presented on a gaap basis to the consolidated statements of cash flows, excluding the impact of the cash flows of consolidated sponsored investment funds and consolidated vies:
(in millions)                                                          gaap               impact on       impact on                    cash flows basis              cash flows       cash flows                    excluding of consolidated       of                            impact of sponsored       consolidated               consolidated investment       vies                          sponsored funds                                    investment funds and vies cash and cash equivalents, december 31, 2012                         $4,606                    $133       $—                               $4,473
cash flows from operating activities                                  3,642                    (137   )   286                               3,493
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents             17                       —                —                           17
net change in cash and cash equivalents                                (216   )                 (19   )            —                         (197   )
cash flows from operating activities                                  3,081                    (103   )            (431     )               3,615
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents           (132   )                   —                —                         (132   )
net change in cash and cash equivalents                               1,333                       6                —                        1,327
sources of blackrock’s operating cash primarily include investment advisory, administration fees and securities lending revenue, performance fees, revenue from blackrock solutions and advisory products and services, other revenue and distribution fees. blackrock uses its cash to pay all operating expenses, interest and principal on borrowings, income taxes, dividends on blackrock’s capital stock, repurchases of the company’s stock, capital expenditures and purchases of co-investments and seed investments.
cash flows from operating activities, excluding the impact of consolidated sponsored investment funds and vies, primarily include the receipt of investment advisory and administration fees, securities lending revenue and other revenue offset by the payment of operating expenses incurred in the normal course of business, including year-end incentive compensation accrued for in the prior year.
cash inflows from investing activities, excluding the impact of consolidated sponsored investment funds and vies, for 2014 were $413 million and primarily reflected $739 million
of net proceeds from sales and maturities of certain investments and $143 million of distributions of capital from equity method investees, partially offset by $403 million of investment purchases.
cash outflows from financing activities, excluding the impact of consolidated sponsored investment funds and vies, for 2014 were $2.6 billion, primarily resulting from cash outflows related to $1,344 million of share repurchases, including $1.0 billion in open market transactions and $344 million of employee tax withholdings related to employee stock transactions, $1.3 billion of cash dividend payments and $1.0 billion of repayments of long-term borrowings. cash outflows from financing activities were partially offset by $1.0 billion of proceeds from issuance of long-term borrowings and $106 million of excess tax benefits from vested stock-based compensation awards.
the company manages its financial condition and funding to maintain appropriate liquidity for the business. liquidity resources at december 31, 2014 and 2013 were as follows:
(1)   the company may not be able to access such cash to use in its operating activities.
total liquidity increased $1,327 million during 2014, primarily reflecting cash from operations, partially offset by cash payments of 2013 year-end incentive awards, share repurchases of $1.3 billion and cash dividend payments.
a significant portion of the company’s $1,904 million of total investments, as adjusted, is illiquid in nature and, as such, may not be readily convertible to cash.
share repurchases. the company repurchased 3.2 million common shares in open market-transactions under its share repurchase program for $1.0 billion during 2014. at december 31, 2014, there were 3.4 million shares still authorized to be repurchased.
in january 2015, the board of directors approved an increase in the availability of shares that may be repurchased under the company’s existing share repurchase program to allow for the repurchase of up to a total of 9.4 million additional shares of blackrock common stock.
net capital requirements. the company is required to maintain net capital in certain regulated subsidiaries within a number of jurisdictions, which is partially maintained by retaining cash and cash equivalent investments in those subsidiaries or jurisdictions. as a result, such subsidiaries of the company may be restricted in their ability to transfer cash between different jurisdictions and to their parents. additionally, transfers of cash between international jurisdictions, including repatriation to the united states, may have adverse tax consequences that could discourage such transfers.
blackrock institutional trust company, n.a. (“btc”) is chartered as a national bank that does not accept client deposits and whose powers are limited to trust activities. btc provides investment management services, including investment advisory and securities lending agency services, to institutional investors and other clients. btc is subject to regulatory capital and liquid asset requirements administered by the office of the comptroller of the currency.
at both december 31, 2014 and 2013, the company was required to maintain approximately $1.1 billion in net capital in certain regulated subsidiaries, including btc, entities regulated by the financial conduct authority and prudential regulation authority in the united kingdom and the company’s broker-dealers. at such date, the company was in compliance with all applicable regulatory net capital requirements.
undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries. as of december 31, 2014, the company has not provided for u.s. federal and state income taxes on approximately $3.9 billion of undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries. such earnings are considered indefinitely reinvested outside the united states. the company’s current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate these funds.
2014 revolving credit facility. in march 2011, the company entered into a five-year $3.5 billion unsecured revolving credit facility which was amended in 2013 and 2012. in march 2014, the company’s credit facility was further amended to extend the maturity date to march 2019. the amount of the aggregate commitment is $3.990 billion (the “2014 credit facility”). the 2014 credit facility permits the company to request up to an additional $1.0 billion of borrowing capacity, subject to lender credit approval, increasing the overall size of the 2014 credit facility to an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $4.990 billion. interest on borrowings outstanding accrues at a rate based on the applicable london interbank offered rate plus a spread. the 2014 credit facility requires the company not to exceed a maximum leverage ratio (ratio of net debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, where net debt equals total debt less unrestricted cash) of 3 to 1, which was satisfied with a ratio of less than 1 to 1 at december 31, 2014. the 2014 credit facility provides back-up liquidity, funds ongoing working capital for general corporate purposes and funds various investment opportunities. at december 31, 2014, the company had no amount outstanding under the 2014 credit facility.
commercial paper program. on october 14, 2009, blackrock established a commercial paper program (the “cp program”) under which the company could issue unsecured commercial paper notes (the “cp notes”) on a private placement basis up to a maximum aggregate amount outstanding at any time of $3.0 billion. blackrock increased the maximum aggregate amount that could be borrowed under the cp program to $3.5 billion in 2011 and to $3.785 billion in 2012. in april 2013, blackrock increased the maximum aggregate amount for which the company could issue unsecured cp notes on a private-placement basis up to a maximum aggregate amount outstanding at any time of $3.990 billion. the cp program is currently supported by the 2014 credit facility. at december 31, 2014, blackrock had no cp notes outstanding.
the carrying value of long-term borrowings at december 31, 2014 included the following:
in march 2014, the company issued $1.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of 3.50% senior unsecured and unsubordinated notes maturing in march 2024. during 2014, the company repaid $1.0 billion of 3.50% notes at maturity.
for more information on company’s borrowings, see note 12, borrowings, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements beginning on page f-1 of this form 10-k.
contractual obligations, commitments and contingencies the following table sets forth contractual obligations, commitments and contingencies by year of payment at december 31, 2014:
operating leases                                                                       126           111               112           111               105             613         1,178
contingent payments related to business                                                  5            10                 7            19                 9              11            61
(1)   long-term borrowings exclude the borrowings of consolidated clos. the company has no obligation to settle the liabilities of these clos.
(2)                         the amount of contingent payments reflected for any year represents the expected payment amounts, using foreign currency exchange rates as of december 31, 2014, under the terms of the business acquisition’s agreement. the remaining maximum potential payment amount related to credit suisse etf transaction is approximately $24 million for any year during the next six years. there is no maximum amount for payments related to the mgpa transaction. the fair value of the contingent obligations is not significant to the consolidated statement of financial condition and is recorded within other liabilities.
(3)   at december 31, 2014, the company had $334 million of net unrecognized tax benefits. due to the uncertainty of timing and amounts that will ultimately be paid, this amount has been excluded from the table above.
operating leases. the company leases its primary office locations under agreements that expire on varying dates through 2035. in connection with certain lease agreements, the company is responsible for escalation payments. the contractual obligations table above includes only guaranteed minimum lease payments for such leases and does not project potential escalation or other lease-related payments. these leases are classified as operating leases and, as such, are not recorded as liabilities on the consolidated statements of financial condition.
purchase obligations. in the ordinary course of business, blackrock enters into contracts or purchase obligations with third parties whereby the third parties provide services to or on behalf of blackrock. purchase obligations included in the contractual obligations table above represent executory contracts, which are either noncancelable or cancelable with a penalty. at december 31, 2014, the company’s obligations primarily reflected standard service contracts for portfolio, market data, office-related services and third-party marketing and promotional services, and obligations for equipment. purchase obligations are recorded on the company’s financial statements when services are provided and, as such, obligations for services not received are not included in the consolidated statement of financial condition at december 31, 2014.
investment commitments. at december 31, 2014, the company had $161 million of various capital commitments to fund sponsored investment funds, including funds of private equity funds, real estate funds, infrastructure funds, opportunistic funds and distressed credit funds. this amount excludes additional commitments made by consolidated funds of funds to underlying third-party funds as third-party noncontrolling interest holders have the legal obligation to fund the respective commitments of such funds of funds. in addition to the capital commitments of $161 million, the
company had approximately $35 million of contingent commitments for certain funds which have investment periods that have expired. generally, the timing of the funding of these commitments is unknown and the commitments are callable on demand at any time prior to the expiration of the commitment. these unfunded commitments are not recorded on the consolidated statements of financial condition. these commitments do not include potential future commitments approved by the company that are not yet legally binding. the company intends to make additional capital commitments from time to time to fund additional investment products for, and with, its clients.
contingent distribution obligations. in november 2010, blackrock entered into a second amended and restated global distribution agreement with merrill lynch, which requires the company to make payments to merrill lynch contingent upon sales of products and level of aum maintained in certain blackrock products. the initial term of the agreement remained in effect until january 2014 and was renewed for one automatic three-year extension.
contingent payments related to business acquisitions. in connection with the credit suisse etf transaction, blackrock is required to make contingent payments annually to credit suisse, subject to achieving specified thresholds during a seven-year period, subsequent to the 2013 acquisition date. in addition, blackrock is required to make contingent payments related to the mgpa transaction during a five-year period, subject to achieving specified thresholds, subsequent to the 2013 acquisition date. the fair value of the remaining contingent payments at december 31, 2014 is not significant to the consolidated statement of financial condition and is included in other liabilities.
carried interest clawback. as a general partner in certain investment funds, including private equity partnerships and certain hedge funds, the company may receive carried interest cash distributions from the partnerships in accordance with distribution provisions of the partnership agreements. the company may, from time to time, be required to return all or a portion of such distributions to the limited partners in the event the limited partners do not achieve a return as specified in the various partnership agreements. therefore, blackrock records carried interest subject to such clawback provisions in investments, or cash to the extent that it is distributed, and as a deferred carried interest liability on its consolidated statements of financial condition. carried interest is realized and recorded as performance fees on blackrock’s consolidated statements of income upon the earlier of the termination of the investment fund or when the likelihood of clawback is considered mathematically improbable.
indemnifications. in the ordinary course of business or in connection with certain acquisition agreements, blackrock enters into contracts pursuant to which it may agree to indemnify third parties in certain circumstances. the terms of these indemnities vary from contract to contract and the amount of indemnification liability, if any, cannot be determined or the likelihood of any liability is considered remote and, therefore, has not been included in the table above or recorded in the consolidated statement of financial condition at december 31, 2014. see further discussion in note 13, commitments and contingencies, to the consolidated financial statements beginning on page f-1 of this form 10-k.
on behalf of certain clients, the company lends securities to highly rated banks and broker-dealers. in these securities lending transactions, the borrower is required to provide and maintain collateral at or above regulatory minimums. securities on loan are marked to market daily to determine if the borrower is required to pledge additional collateral. blackrock has issued certain indemnifications to certain securities lending clients against potential losses resulting from a borrower’s failure to fulfill its obligations should the value of the collateral pledged by the borrower at the time of default be insufficient to cover the borrower’s obligations under the securities lending agreement. at december 31, 2014, the company indemnified certain of its clients for their securities lending loan balances of approximately $145.7 billion. the company held, as agent, cash and securities totaling $155.8 billion as collateral for indemnified securities on loan at december 31, 2014. the fair value of these indemnifications was not material at december 31, 2014.
while the collateral pledged by a borrower is intended to be sufficient to offset the borrower’s obligations to return securities borrowed and any other amounts owing to the lender under the relevant securities lending agreement, in the event of a borrower default, the company can give no assurance that the collateral pledged by the borrower will be sufficient to fulfill such obligations. if the amount of such pledged collateral is not sufficient to fulfill such obligations to a client for whom the company has provided indemnification, blackrock would be responsible for the amount of the shortfall. these indemnifications cover only the collateral shortfall described above, and do not in any way guarantee, assume or otherwise insure the investment performance or return of any cash collateral vehicle into which securities lending cash collateral is invested.
compensation and benefit obligations. the company has various compensation and benefit obligations, including bonuses, commissions and incentive payments payable, defined contribution plan matching contribution obligations, and deferred compensation arrangements, that are excluded from the contractual obligations and commitments table above. accrued compensation and benefits at december 31, 2014 totaled $1,865 million and included incentive compensation of $1,418 million, deferred compensation of $204 million and other compensation and benefits related obligations of $243 million. substantially all of the incentive compensation liability was paid in the first quarter of 2015, while the deferred compensation obligations are generally payable over periods up to five years.
critical accounting policies the preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with gaap requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expense during the reporting periods. actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. management considers the following critical accounting policies important to understanding the consolidated financial statements. for a summary of these and additional accounting policies see note 2, significant accounting policies, in the consolidated financial statements beginning on page f-1 of this form 10-k.
consolidation of sponsored investment funds and securitization products. the accounting method used by the company to record its investments depends upon the influence the company has over the given investee, the sponsored investment funds and securitization products (collectively “investment products”). to the extent that blackrock has a controlling financial interest in the investment product, which generally exists if there is a 50% or greater voting interest or if partners or members of the investment products do not have substantive rights, blackrock consolidates the investment product.
for certain investment products in which a controlling financial interest is not directly linked to voting interests, an analysis is performed to determine if the investment product is a vie or a voting rights entity.
consolidation of variable interest entities. certain investment products for which a controlling financial interest is not directly linked to voting interests may be deemed vies. blackrock reviews factors, including the rights of the equity holders and obligations of equity holders to absorb losses or receive expected residual returns, to determine if the investment product is a vie. blackrock continuously evaluates such factors as facts and circumstances change to determine if the initial vie status determination must be reconsidered. blackrock is required to consolidate a vie when it is deemed to be the primary beneficiary (“pb”). significant judgment is required in the determination of whether the company is the pb of a vie. if the company is determined to be the pb of a vie, blackrock will consolidate the entity. in order to determine whether the company is the pb of a vie, management must make significant estimates and assumptions of projected future cash flows.
assumptions made in such analyses may include, but are not limited to, market prices of securities, market interest rates, potential credit defaults on individual securities or default rates on a portfolio of securities, prepayments, realization of gains, liquidity or marketability of certain securities, discount rates and the probability of certain other outcomes.
in the normal course of business, the company is the manager of various types of sponsored investment vehicles, including collateralized debt obligations (“cdos”) or clos and sponsored investment funds, which may be considered vies. at december 31, 2014, the company’s consolidated vies consisted primarily of clos.
clos. at december 31, 2014, blackrock was the manager of over 20 clos/cdos and other securitization entities. blackrock was determined to be the pb for certain of these clos, which required blackrock to consolidate these vies. blackrock was deemed to be the pb because it has the power to direct the activities of the clos that most significantly impact the entities’ economic performance and has the right to receive benefits that potentially could be significant to the vie. at december 31, 2014, the company had $3,615 million and $3,634 million in assets and liabilities, respectively, on its consolidated statement of financial condition related to these consolidated clos. the company recorded appropriated retained earnings for the difference between the assets and liabilities of the clos recorded on the consolidated statement of financial condition as the clo noteholders ultimately will receive the benefits or absorb the losses associated with the clos’ assets and liabilities. changes in the fair value of the assets and liabilities of these clos have no impact on net income attributable to blackrock or its cash flows. excluding outstanding management fee receivables, the company has no risk of loss related to its involvement with these vies.
consolidation of voting rights entities. to the extent that blackrock can exert control over the financial and operating policies of the investee, which generally exists if there is a 50% or greater voting interest or if partners or members of certain products do not have substantive rights, blackrock consolidates the investee.
the company, as general partner or managing member of certain sponsored investment funds, generally is presumed to control funds that are limited partnerships or limited liability companies. pursuant to accounting standards codification (“asc”) 810-20, control of partnerships and similar entities (“asc 810-20”), the company reviews such investment vehicles to determine if such a presumption can be overcome by determining whether other nonaffiliated partners or members of the limited partnership or limited liability company have the substantive ability to dissolve (liquidate) the investment vehicle, or otherwise to remove blackrock as the general partner or managing member without cause based on a simple unaffiliated majority vote, or have other substantive participating rights. if the investment vehicle is not a vie and the presumption of control is not overcome, blackrock will consolidate the investment vehicle.
see note 4, consolidated sponsored investment funds, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements beginning on page f-1 of this form 10-k for amounts included on the company’s consolidated financial statements deemed to be voting rights entities.
investments equity method investments. for equity investments where blackrock does not control the investee, and where it is not the pb of a vie, but can exert significant influence over the financial and operating policies of the investee, the company follows the equity method of accounting. the evaluation of whether the company exerts control or significant influence over the financial and operational policies of its investees requires significant judgment based on the facts and circumstances surrounding each individual investment. factors considered in these evaluations may include the type of investment, the legal structure of the investee, the terms and structure of the investment agreement, including investor voting or other rights, the terms of blackrock’s advisory agreement or other agreements with the investee, any influence blackrock may have on the governing board of the investee, the legal rights of other investors in the entity pursuant to the fund’s operating documents and the relationship between blackrock and other investors in the entity.
blackrock’s equity method investees that are investment companies record their underlying investments at fair value. therefore, under the equity method of accounting, blackrock’s share of the investee’s underlying net income predominantly represents fair value adjustments in the investments held by the equity method investees. blackrock’s share of the investee’s underlying net income or loss is based upon the most currently available information and is recorded as nonoperating income (expense) for investments in investment companies, or as other revenue for certain strategic investments, which are recorded in other assets, since such investees are considered to be an extension of blackrock’s core business.
at december 31, 2014, the company had $654 million and $208 million of equity method investments, including equity method investments held for deferred compensation, reflected within investments and other assets, respectively, and at december 31, 2013, the company had $736 million and $163 million of equity method investees reflected in investments and other assets, respectively.
impairment of investments. management periodically assesses equity method, available-for-sale, held-to-maturity and cost investments for impairment. if circumstances indicate that impairment may exist, investments are evaluated using market values, where available, or the expected future cash flows of the investment. if the undiscounted expected future cash flows are lower than the company’s carrying value of the investment, and the impairment is considered other-than-temporary, an impairment charge is recorded in the consolidated statement of income.
when the fair value of available-for-sale securities is lower than cost, the company evaluates the security to determine whether the impairment is considered “other-than-temporary”. in making this determination for equity securities, the company considers, among other factors, the length of time the security has been in a loss position, the extent to which the security’s market value is less than cost, the financial condition and near-term prospects of the security’s issuer and the company’s ability and intent to hold the security for a length of time sufficient to allow for recovery of such unrealized losses. if the impairment is considered other-than-temporary, an impairment charge is recorded in nonoperating income (expense) on the consolidated statement of income. in making this determination for debt securities, the company considers whether: (1) it has the intent to sell the security; (2) it is more likely than not that it will be required to sell the security before recovery; or (3) it expects to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the security. if the company does not intend to sell a security and it is not more likely than not that it will be required to sell the security, but the security has suffered a credit loss, the credit loss will be bifurcated from the total impairment and recorded in earnings with the remaining portion recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income.
evaluation of impairments involves significant assumptions and management judgments, which could differ from actual results, and these differences could have a material impact on the consolidated statements of income.
the company’s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement according to the fair value hierarchy (i.e., level 1, 2 and 3 inputs, as defined) in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the financial instrument. see note 2, significant accounting policies, in the consolidated financial statements beginning on page f-1 of this form 10-k for more information on fair value measurements.
level 3 inputs include the most currently available information, including capital account balances for its partnership interests in various alternative investments, which may be adjusted by using the returns of certain market indices. certain investments that are valued using net asset values and are subject to current redemption restrictions that will not be lifted in the near term are included in level 3. blackrock’s $528 million of level 3 investments, or 27% of total gaap investments at december 31, 2014, primarily included co-investments in private equity funds of funds and private equity funds, funds of hedge funds as well as alternative hedge funds that invest in distressed credit, opportunistic funds and mortgage securities and real estate equity products. many of these investees are investment companies, which record their underlying investments at fair value based on fair value policies established by management of the underlying fund, which could include blackrock employees. fair value policies at the underlying fund generally require the fund to utilize pricing/valuation information, including independent appraisals from third-party sources. however, in some instances current valuation information, for illiquid securities or securities in markets that are not active, may not be available from any third-party source or fund management may conclude that the valuations that are available from third-party sources are not reliable. in these instances, fund management may perform model-based analytical valuations to value these investments.
changes in valuation. changes in value on $1,460 million of investments will impact the company’s nonoperating income (expense), $201 million will impact accumulated other comprehensive income, $175 million are held at cost or amortized cost and the remaining $85 million relates to carried interest, which will not impact nonoperating income (expense). at december 31, 2014, changes in fair value of approximately $713 million of such investments within consolidated sponsored investment funds will impact blackrock’s net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests on the consolidated statements of income. blackrock’s net exposure to changes in fair value of such consolidated sponsored investment funds was $696 million.
goodwill and intangible assets the value of advisory contracts acquired in business acquisitions to manage aum in proprietary open-end investment funds as well as collective trust funds without a specified termination date are classified as indefinite-lived intangible assets. the assignment of indefinite lives to such investment fund contracts is based upon the assumption there is no foreseeable limit on the contract period to manage these funds due to the likelihood of continued renewal at little or no cost. in addition, trade names/trademarks are considered indefinite-lived intangibles as they are expected to generate cash flows indefinitely. goodwill represents the cost of a business acquisition in excess of the fair value of the net assets acquired. in accordance with the applicable provisions of asc 350, intangibles – goodwill and other (“asc 350”), indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill are not amortized. finite-lived management contracts, which relate to acquired separate accounts and funds with a specified termination date, are amortized over their remaining expected useful lives, which, at december 31, 2014, ranged from 1 to 10 years with a weighted-average remaining estimated useful life of 3.8 years.
goodwill. the company assesses its goodwill for impairment at least annually, considering such factors as the book value and the market capitalization of the company. the impairment assessment performed as of july 31, 2014 indicated no impairment charge was required. the company continues to monitor its book value per share compared with closing prices of its common stock for potential indicators of impairment. at december 31, 2014, the company’s common
stock closed at $357.56 which exceeded its book value, after excluding appropriated retained earnings, of approximately $164.06 per share.
indefinite-lived and finite-lived intangibles. the company performs assessments to determine if any intangible assets are impaired and whether the indefinite-life and finite-life classifications are still appropriate. in evaluating whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of indefinite-lived intangibles is less than carrying value, blackrock performed certain quantitative assessments and assessed various significant qualitative factors including aum, revenue basis points, projected aum growth rates, operating margins, tax rates and discount rates. in addition, the company considered other factors including: (i) macroeconomic conditions such as a deterioration in general economic conditions, limitations on accessing capital, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, or other developments in equity and credit markets; (ii) industry and market considerations such as a deterioration in the environment in which an entity operates, an increased competitive environment, a decline in market-dependent multiples or metrics, a change in the market for an entity’s services, or regulatory, legal or political developments; and (iii) entity-specific events, such as a change in management or key personnel, overall financial performance and litigation that could affect significant inputs.
if potential impairment circumstances are considered to exist, the company will perform an impairment test, using an undiscounted cash flow analysis. actual results could differ from these cash flow estimates, which could materially impact the impairment conclusion. if the asset is determined to be impaired, the difference between the book value of the asset and its current fair value would be recognized as an expense in the period in which the impairment occurs.
in addition, management judgment is required to estimate the period over which finite-lived intangible assets will contribute to the company’s cash flows and the pattern in which these assets will be consumed. a change in the remaining useful life of any of these assets, or the reclassification of an indefinite-lived intangible asset to a finite-lived intangible asset, could have a significant impact on the company’s amortization expense, which was $157 million, $161 million and $157 million for 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
in 2014, 2013 and 2012, the company performed impairment tests, including evaluating various qualitative factors and performing certain quantitative assessments in 2014 and 2013. the company determined that no impairment charges were required, the classification of indefinite-lived versus finite-lived intangibles was still appropriate and no changes to the expected lives of the finite-lived intangibles were required. the company continuously monitors various factors, including aum, for potential indicators of impairment.
income taxes. deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recognized for future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases using currently enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. the effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.
significant management judgment is required in estimating the ranges of possible outcomes and determining the probability of favorable or unfavorable tax outcomes and potential interest and penalties related to such unfavorable outcomes. actual future tax consequences relating to uncertain tax positions may be materially different than the company’s current estimates. at december 31, 2014, blackrock had $379 million of gross unrecognized tax benefits, of which $283 million, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate.
management is required to estimate the timing of the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities, make assumptions about the future deductibility of deferred income tax assets and assess deferred income tax liabilities based on enacted tax rates for the appropriate tax jurisdictions to determine the amount of such deferred income tax assets and liabilities. at december 31, 2014, the company had deferred tax assets of $10 million and net deferred tax liabilities of approximately $4,989 million on the consolidated statement of financial condition. changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities may occur in certain circumstances, including statutory income tax rate changes, statutory tax law changes, changes in the anticipated timing of recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities or changes in the structure or tax status of the company.
company assesses whether a valuation allowance should be established against its deferred income tax assets based on consideration of all available evidence, both positive and negative, using a more likely than not standard. the assessment considers, among other matters, the nature, frequency and severity of recent losses, forecast of future profitability, the duration of statutory carry back and carry forward periods, the company’s experience with tax attributes expiring unused, and tax planning alternatives.
at december 31, 2014, the company had recorded a deferred tax asset of $157 million for unrealized investment losses; however, no valuation allowance has been established because the company expects to hold certain investments which invest in fixed income securities over a period sufficient for them to recover their unrealized losses, and generate future capital gains sufficient to offset the unrealized capital losses. based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that the deferred tax asset will be realized. however, changes in circumstance could cause the company to revalue its deferred tax balances with the resulting change impacting the consolidated statements of income in the period of the change. such changes may be material to the company’s consolidated financial statements. see note 20, income taxes, to the consolidated financial statements beginning on page f-1 of this form 10-k for further details.
the company records income taxes based upon its estimated income tax liability or benefit. the company’s actual tax liability or benefit may differ from the estimated income tax liability or benefit. the company had current income taxes receivables of approximately $117 million and current income taxes payables of $125 million at december 31, 2014.
revenue recognition. investment advisory and administration fees are recognized as the services are performed. such fees are primarily based on pre-determined percentages of the market value of aum or, in the case of certain real estate clients, net operating income generated by the underlying properties. investment advisory and administration fees are affected by changes in aum, including market appreciation or depreciation, foreign exchange translation and net inflows or outflows.
investment advisory and administration fees for investment funds are shown net of fees waived pursuant to contractual expense limitations of the funds or voluntary waivers.
the company contracts with third parties and related parties for various fund distribution and shareholder servicing to be performed on behalf of certain funds the company manages. such arrangements generally are priced as a portion of the management fee paid by the fund. in certain cases, the fund takes on the primary responsibility for payment for services such that the company bears no credit risk to the third party. the company accounts for such retrocession arrangements in accordance with asc 605-45, revenue recognition — principal agent considerations (“asc 605-45”), and records its management fees net of retrocessions. retrocessions for 2014, 2013 and 2012 were $891 million, $785 million and $793 million, respectively. the company has additional contracts for similar services with third parties, which due to the terms of the contracts, are recorded as distribution and servicing costs and thus not netted on the consolidated statements of income.
the company earns revenue by lending securities on behalf of clients to highly rated banks and broker-dealers. revenue is accounted for on an accrual basis. the securities loaned are secured by collateral, generally ranging from 102% to 112% of the value of the loaned securities. generally, the revenue earned is shared between the company and the funds or accounts managed by the company from which the securities are borrowed. for 2014, 2013 and 2012, securities lending revenue totaled $477 million, $447 million and $510 million, respectively, and is recorded in investment advisory, administration fees and securities lending revenue on the consolidated statements of income. investment advisory, administration fees and securities lending revenue are reported together as the fees for these services often are agreed upon with clients as a bundled fee.
the company receives investment advisory performance fees or incentive allocations, from certain actively managed investment funds and certain smas. these performance fees are dependent upon exceeding specified relative or absolute investment return thresholds. such fees are recorded upon completion of the measurement period, which varies by product or account, and could be monthly, quarterly, annually or longer.
in addition, the company receives carried interest from certain alternative investment products upon exceeding performance thresholds. blackrock may be required to return all, or part, of such carried interest depending upon future performance of these funds. therefore, blackrock records carried interest subject to such clawback provisions in investments or cash to the extent that it is distributed, on its consolidated statements of financial condition. carried interest is recorded as performance fee revenue upon the earlier of the termination of the investment fund or when the likelihood of clawback is considered mathematically improbable.
the company records a deferred carried interest liability to the extent it receives cash or capital allocations related to carried interest prior to meeting the revenue recognition criteria. at december 31, 2014 and 2013, the company had $105 million and $108 million, respectively, of deferred carried interest recorded in other liabilities on the consolidated statements of financial condition. the ultimate recognition of performance fee revenue, if any, for these products is unknown.
for the years ended 2014, 2013 and 2012, performance fee revenue totaled $550 million, $561 million and $463 million, respectively.
fees earned for blackrock solutions, which include advisory services, are recorded as services are performed or when completed and are determined using some, or all, of the following methods: (i) percentages of various attributes of advisory aum or value of positions on the aladdin platform, (ii) fixed fees and (iii) performance fees if contractual thresholds are met. revenue earned on advisory assignments was comprised of one-time advisory and portfolio structuring fees and ongoing fees based on aum of the respective portfolio assignment. for 2014, 2013 and 2012, blackrock solutions and advisory revenue totaled $635 million, $577 million and $518 million, respectively.
adjustments to revenue arising from initial estimates recorded historically have been immaterial since the majority of blackrock’s investment advisory and administration revenue is calculated based on aum and since the company does not record performance revenues until performance thresholds have been exceeded and the likelihood of clawback is mathematically improbable.
recent developments accounting developments for accounting pronouncements that the company adopted during 2014 and for recent accounting pronouncements not yet adopted, see note 2, significant accounting policies, in the consolidated financial statements beginning on page f-1 of this form 10-k.