in the fourth quarter of 2012, we commenced a four-year global growth and efficiency program for sustained growth, which was expanded in the fourth quarter of 2014 to take advantage of additional savings opportunities (as expanded, the "2012 restructuring program"). the 2012 restructuring program's initiatives are expected to help us ensure continued and solid worldwide growth in unit volume, organic sales and earnings per share and enhance our global leadership positions in our core businesses. the successful implementation of the remainder of the 2012 restructuring program presents significant organizational challenges and in many cases requires successful negotiations with third parties, including labor organizations, suppliers and other business partners. as a result, we may not be able to continue to realize the anticipated benefits from the 2012 restructuring program. events and circumstances, such as financial or strategic difficulties, delays and unexpected costs may occur that could result in our not realizing all of the anticipated benefits or our not realizing the anticipated benefits on our expected timetable. if we are unable to realize the anticipated savings of the 2012 restructuring program, our ability to fund other initiatives and enhance profitability may be adversely affected. any failure to implement the 2012 restructuring program in accordance with our expectations could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. for additional information regarding the 2012 restructuring program, refer to part ii, item 7 "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - executive overview and outlook" and "- restructuring and related implementation charges."
▪   extending shared business services and streamlining global functions - implementing the company's shared service organizational model, already successful in europe, in all regions of the world. initially focused on finance and accounting, these shared services will be expanded to additional functional areas to streamline global functions.