item 1a.    risk factors in addition to the other information contained in this annual report on form 10-k, you should carefully consider the factors discussed below, which are the risks we believe are material at this time. these risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. these risks and uncertainties are not the only ones facing us. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business.
risks relating to our industry our business is subject to the impact of domestic and international market, economic and political conditions which are beyond our control and which could significantly reduce our contract volumes and make our financial results more volatile.
our revenue is substantially dependent on the contract volume in our markets. our contract volume is directly affected by domestic and international factors that are beyond our control, including:
•   economic, political and geopolitical market conditions;
•   legislative and regulatory changes, including any direct or indirect restrictions on or increased costs associated with trading in our markets;
•   broad trends in the industry and financial markets;
•   changes in price levels, contract volumes and volatility in the derivatives markets and in underlying equity, foreign exchange, interest rate and commodity markets;
•   shifts in global or regional demand or supply in commodities underlying our products;
•   changes in government monetary policies, especially central bank decisions related to quantitative easing;
•   availability of capital to our market participants and their appetite for risk-taking;
•   levels of assets under management;
•   pandemics affecting our customer base or our ability to operate our markets; and
•   consolidation in our customer base and within our industry.
any one or more of these factors may contribute to reduced activity in our markets. historically, periods of heightened uncertainty have tended to increase our trading volume due to increased hedging activity and the increased need to manage the risks associated with, or speculate on, volatility in the u.s. equity markets, fluctuations in interest rates and price changes in the foreign exchange, commodity and other markets. however, as evidenced by our past performance, in the period after a material market disturbance, there may persist extreme uncertainties which may lead to decreased volume due to factors such as reduced risk exposure, lower interest rates, central bank asset purchase programs and lack of available capital. the shifts in market trading patterns we experienced as a result of the financial disturbance of 2008 may or may not recur in the future, and our business will be affected by future economic uncertainties which may result in decreased trading volume and a more difficult business environment for us. material decreases in trading volume would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results.
we operate in a heavily regulated environment that imposes significant costs and competitive burdens on our business.
we are primarily subject to the jurisdiction of the regulatory agencies in the united states, the united kingdom and the european union. we also are subject to varying levels of regulation by foreign jurisdictions that permit our exchanges to offer our products and services to their citizens.
due to the global financial crisis that began in 2008, the united states and numerous other governments have undertaken reviews of the existing legal framework governing financial markets and have either passed new laws and regulations, or are in the process of debating or enacting new laws and regulations that will impact our business. while certain of these changes may have a positive impact on our business, some of these changes could adversely affect our business, including areas of regulatory focus discussed under "item 1 - business - regulatory matters" beginning on page 11. compliance with regulations may require us and our customers to dedicate significant financial and operational resources that could result in some participants leaving our markets or decreasing their trading activity, which would negatively affect our profitability. we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant additional costs to comply with the extensive regulations that apply to our business. to the extent the regulatory environment following the implementation of dodd-frank and other financial reform regulations is less beneficial for us or our customers, our business, financial condition and operating results could be negatively affected.
if we fail to comply with applicable laws, rules or regulations, we may be subject to censure, fines, cease-and-desist orders, suspension of our business, removal of personnel or other sanctions, including revocation of our designations as a contract market and derivatives clearing organization.
some of our largest clearing firms have indicated their belief that clearing facilities should not be owned or controlled by exchanges and should be operated as utilities and not for profit. these clearing firms have sought, and may seek in the future, legislative or regulatory changes that would, if adopted, enable them to use alternative clearing services for positions established on our exchanges or to freely move open positions among clearing houses in order to take advantage of our liquidity. even if they are not successful, these factors may cause them to limit the use of our markets.
our clearing houses seek to offer customers, intermediaries and clearing firms universal access in order to maximize the efficient use of capital, exercise appropriate oversight of value at risk and maintain operating leverage from clearing activities. our strategic business plan is to operate an efficient and transparent vertically integrated transaction execution, clearing and settlement business for our futures and options on futures business. some of our clearing firms have expressed the view that clearing firms should control the governance of clearing houses or that clearing houses should be operated as utilities rather than as part of for-profit enterprises. some of these firms, along with certain industry associations, have sought, and may seek in the future, legislative or regulatory changes to be adopted that would facilitate mechanisms or policies that allow market participants to transfer positions from an exchange-owned clearing house to a clearing house owned and controlled by clearing firms. if these legislative or regulatory changes are adopted, our revenues and profits could be adversely affected.
we face intense competition from other companies, including some of our members. if we are not able to successfully compete, our business, financial condition and operating results will be materially harmed.
the industry in which we operate is highly competitive and we expect competition to continue to intensify, especially in light of the implementation of dodd-frank and other reforms of the financial services industry. we believe portions of dodd-frank and the corresponding regulations with respect to mandatory clearing and organized trading provide opportunities for our business. however, other portions of dodd-frank and the regulatory structure being implemented could negatively impact our business and our ability to compete effectively. we encounter competition in all aspects of our business, including from entities having substantially greater capital and resources, offering a wide range of products and services and in some cases operating under a different and possibly less stringent regulatory regime. we face competition from other futures, securities and securities option exchanges; over-the-counter markets; clearing organizations; consortia formed by our members and large industry participants; swap execution facilities; alternative trade execution facilities; technology firms, including market data distributors and electronic trading system developers; and others. many of our competitors and potential competitors have greater financial, marketing, technological and personnel resources than we do.
•   respond more quickly to competitive pressures, including responses based upon their corporate governance structures, which may be more flexible and efficient than our corporate governance structure;
•   develop products that are preferred by our customers;
•   develop risk transfer products that compete with our products;
•   price their products and services more competitively;
•   develop and expand their network infrastructure and service offerings more efficiently;
•   take greater advantage of acquisitions, alliances and other opportunities;
•   more effectively market, promote and sell their products and services;
•   better leverage existing relationships with customers and alliance partners or exploit better recognized brand names to market and sell their services; and
•   exploit regulatory disparities between traditional, regulated exchanges and alternative markets that benefit from a reduced regulatory burden and lower-cost business model.
if our products, markets and services are not competitive, our business, financial condition and operating results will be materially harmed. a decline in our fees or loss of customers could lower our revenues, which would adversely affect our profitability.
please see "item 1 - business - competition" beginning on page 10 for additional information on the competitive environment and its potential impact on our business.
our contract volume, and consequently our revenues and profits, would be adversely affected if we are unable to retain our current customers or attract new customers.
the success of our business depends, in part, on our ability to maintain and increase our contract volume. to do so, we must maintain and expand our product offerings, our customer base and our trade execution and clearing facilities. our success also depends on our ability to offer competitive prices and services in an increasingly price-sensitive business. for example, in recent years, some of our competitors have engaged in aggressive pricing strategies, such as lowering the fees that they charge for taking liquidity and increasing liquidity payments or rebates. we cannot provide assurances that we will be able to continue to expand our product lines, that we will be able to retain our current customers or attract new customers or that we will not be required to modify our pricing structure to compete effectively. changes in our pricing structure may result in a decrease in our profit margin. we bill a substantial portion of our clearing and transaction fees to our clearing firms. the majority of clearing and transaction fees received from clearing firms represent charges for trades executed and cleared on behalf of their customers. one firm represented 12% of our clearing and transaction fees revenue for 2014. should a clearing firm withdraw, our experience indicates that the customer portion of the firm's trading activity would likely transfer to another clearing firm of the exchange. however, there is the possibility we would lose a portion of the customer business. additionally, from time to time, certain customers may represent a significant portion of the open interest in our individual product lines or contracts. if we fail to maintain our contract volume; expand our product offerings or execution facilities; or lose a substantial number of our current customers, or a subset of customers representing a significant percentage of contract volume in a particular product line; or are unable to attract new customers, our business and revenues will be adversely affected. furthermore, declines in
contract volume due to loss of customers may negatively impact market liquidity, which could lead to further loss of contract volume.
as a financial services provider, we are subject to significant litigation risk and potential commodity and securities law liability.
many aspects of our business involve substantial litigation risks. while we generally are protected by our rules limiting liability for system failures and certain forms of negligence and by statutory limits on private causes of actions in cases where we have not behaved in bad faith, we could be exposed to substantial liability under federal and state laws and court decisions, as well as rules and regulations promulgated and/or direct actions brought by the sec and the cftc. these risks include, among others, potential liability from disputes over terms of a trade, the claim that a system failure or delay caused monetary losses to a customer, that we entered into an unauthorized transaction, that we provided materially false or misleading statements in connection with a transaction or that we failed to effectively fulfill our regulatory oversight responsibilities. dissatisfied customers frequently make claims regarding quality of trade execution, improperly settled trades, mismanagement or even fraud against their service providers. we may become subject to these claims as a result of failures or malfunctions of our systems and services we provide. we could incur significant legal expenses defending claims, even those without merit. in addition, an adverse resolution of any future lawsuit or claim against us could have a material adverse effect on our business and our reputation.
our role in the global marketplace places us at greater risk than other public companies for a cyber attack and other cyber security risks. our networks and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to security risks, which could result in wrongful use of our information or cause interruptions in our operations that cause us to lose customers and contract volume, and result in substantial liabilities. we also could be required to incur significant expense to protect our systems and/or investigate any alleged attack.
we regard the secure transmission of confidential information and the ability to continuously transact and clear on our electronic trading platforms as critical elements of our operations. our networks and those of our third-party service providers and our customers may be vulnerable to unauthorized access, fraud, computer viruses, denial of service attacks, terrorism, firewall or encryption failures and other security problems. groups have targeted the financial services industry and our role in the global marketplace places us at greater risk than other public companies for a cyber attack and other information security risks. from time to time, we experienced cyber security events including malware infections, phishing, web attacks and other information technology incidents that are typical for a financial services company of our size. additionally, in 2013, we were the victim of a cyber intrusion. although we maintain sophisticated systems, teams and processes to prevent such incidents, and took significant actions to address this incident, we learned that certain customer information was compromised. we incurred expenses of $16.0 million related to our response to the 2013 event. any future alleged incidents could result in substantial costs and liability to us and diversions of our resources, may distract the attention of management from the ongoing operation of our business and could result in regulatory penalties or the imposition of burdensome obligations by the regulators.
additionally, our role as a leading derivatives marketplace and the operation of our cme globex electronic trading platform may place us at greater risk for misappropriation of our intellectual property. for example, in 2012, a former employee of cme group pled guilty to theft of our trade secrets. other persons who circumvent security measures could wrongfully use our information or cause interruptions or malfunctions in our operations.
as part of our global information security program, we employ resources to monitor and protect our environment and infrastructure against such cyber attacks and the potential misappropriation of our intellectual property assets. however, these measures may prove insufficient depending upon the attack or threat posed, which could result in system failures and delays, loss of customers and lower contract volume, and negatively affect our competitive advantage and result in substantial costs and liabilities.
we may be at greater risk from terrorism than other companies.
we may be more likely than other companies to be a direct target of, or an indirect casualty of, attacks by terrorists or terrorist organizations. it is impossible to accurately predict the likelihood or impact of any terrorist attack on the derivatives industry generally or on our business. while we have implemented significant physical security protection measures, business continuity plans and established backup sites, in the event of an attack or a threat of an attack, these security measures and contingency plans may be inadequate to prevent significant disruptions in our business, technology or access to the infrastructure necessary to maintain our business. such attack may result in the closure of our trading and clearing facilities or render our backup data and recovery systems inoperable. damage to our facilities due to terrorist attacks may be significantly in excess of any amount of insurance received, or we may not be able to insure against such damage at a reasonable price or at all. the threat of terrorist attacks may also negatively affect our ability to attract and retain employees. any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
risks relating to our business the success of our markets depends on our ability to complete development of, successfully implement and maintain the electronic trading systems that have the functionality, performance, reliability and speed required by our customers.
the success of our business depends in large part on our ability to create interactive electronic marketplaces, in a wide range of derivatives products, that have the required functionality, performance, capacity, reliability and speed to attract and retain customers. a significant portion of our overall volume is generated through electronic trading on our cme globex electronic platform.
we must continue to enhance our electronic trading platform to remain competitive. as a result, we will continue to be subject to risks, expenses and uncertainties encountered in the rapidly evolving market for electronic transaction services. these risks include our failure or inability to:
•   provide reliable and cost-effective services to our customers;
•   develop, in a timely manner, the required functionality to support electronic trading in our key products in a manner that is competitive with the functionality supported by other electronic markets;
•   match fees of our competitors;
•   attract independent software vendors to write front-end software that will effectively access our electronic trading system and automated order routing system;
•   respond to technological developments or service offerings by competitors; and
•   generate sufficient revenue to justify the substantial capital investment we have made and will continue to make to enhance our electronic trading platform.
if we do not successfully enhance our electronic trading systems, if we are unable to develop them to include other products and markets or if they do not have the required functionality, performance, capacity, reliability and speed desired by our customers, our ability to successfully compete and our revenues and profits will be adversely affected.
additionally, we rely on our customers' ability to have the necessary back office functionality to support our new products and our trading and clearing functionality. to the extent our customers are not prepared and/or lack the resources or infrastructure, the success of our new initiatives may be compromised.
if we experience systems failures or capacity constraints, our ability to conduct our operations and execute our business strategy could be materially harmed and we could be subjected to significant costs and liabilities.
we are heavily dependent on the capacity, reliability and security of the computer and communications systems and software supporting our operations. we receive and/or process a large portion of our trade orders through electronic means, such as through public and private communications networks. our systems, or those of our third-party providers, may fail or operate slowly, causing one or more of the following to occur:
•   unanticipated disruptions in service to our customers;
•   slower response times;
•   delays in our customers' trade execution;
•   failed settlement of trades;
•   incomplete or inaccurate accounting, recording or processing of trades;
•   financial losses;
•   litigation or other customer claims;
•   loss of customers; and
we cannot assure you that we will not experience systems failures from power or telecommunications failure, acts of god, war or terrorism, human error, natural disasters, fire, sabotage, hardware or software malfunctions or defects, computer viruses, acts of vandalism or similar occurrences. if any of our systems do not operate properly, are compromised or are disabled, including as a result of system failure, employee or customer error or misuse of our systems, we could suffer financial loss, liability to customers, regulatory intervention or reputational damage that could affect demand by current and potential users of our market.
from time to time, we have experienced system errors and failures that have resulted in some customers being unable to connect to our electronic trading platform, or that resulted in erroneous reporting, such as transactions that were not authorized by any customer or reporting of filled orders as canceled. such errors may result in cme group being liable or in our voluntary assumption of financial liability. we cannot assure you that if we experience system errors or failures in the future that they will not have a material adverse impact on our business. any such system failures that cause an interruption in service or decrease our responsiveness could impair our reputation, damage our brand name or have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
our status as a cftc registrant generally requires that our trade execution and communications systems be able to handle anticipated present and future peak contract volume. heavy use of our computer systems during peak trading times or at times of unusual market volatility could cause our systems to operate slowly or even to fail for periods of time. we constantly monitor system loads and performance, and regularly implement system upgrades to handle estimated increases in contract volume. however, we cannot assure you that our estimates of future contract volume and order messaging traffic will be accurate or that our systems will always be able to accommodate actual contract volume and order messaging traffic without failure or degradation of performance. increased cme globex contract volume and order messaging traffic may result in connectivity problems or erroneous reports that may affect users of the platform. system failure or degradation could lead our customers to file formal complaints with industry regulatory organizations, to file lawsuits against us or to cease doing business with us, or could lead the cftc or other regulators to initiate inquiries or proceedings for failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations.
we will need to continue to upgrade, expand and increase the capacity of our systems as our business grows and we execute our business strategy. our goal is to design our systems to handle two times our peak historical transactions in our highest volume products. as volumes of transactions grow, the ability of our systems to meet this goal on an ongoing basis depends on our ability to increase our system capacity on a timely basis while maintaining system reliability. although many of our systems are designed to accommodate additional volume and products and services without redesign or replacement, we will need to continue to make significant investments in additional hardware and software to accommodate the increases in volume of transactions and order transaction traffic and to provide processing services to third parties. if we cannot increase the capacity and capabilities of our systems to accommodate an increasing volume of transactions and to execute our business strategy, our ability to maintain or expand our businesses would be adversely affected.
we, as well as many of our customers, depend on third-party suppliers and service providers for a number of services that are important. an interruption or cessation of an important supply or service by any third party could have a material adverse effect on our business, including revenues derived from our customers' trading activity.
we depend on a number of suppliers, such as banking, clearing and settlement organizations, telephone companies, on-line service providers, data processors, and software and hardware vendors, for elements of our trading, clearing and other systems, as well as communications and networking equipment, computer hardware and software and related support and maintenance.
many of our customers rely on third parties, such as independent software vendors, to provide them with front-end systems to access our cme globex platform and other back office systems for their trade processing and risk management needs. while these service providers have undertaken to keep current with our enhancements and changes to our interfaces and functionality, we cannot guarantee that they will continue to make the necessary monetary and time investments to keep up with our changes.
to the extent any of our service providers or the organizations that provide services to our customers in connection with their trading activities cease to provide these services in an efficient, cost-effective manner or fail to adequately expand their services to meet our needs and the needs of our customers, we could experience decreased contract volume, lower revenues and higher costs.
our clearing house operations expose us to substantial credit risk of our third party clearing firms and, consequently, a diminishment in their financial resources could adversely affect us.
our clearing house operations expose us to counterparties with differing risk profiles. we routinely guarantee transactions submitted by our clearing firms with counterparties in the financial industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds, and other institutional customers. firms in the financial industry have experienced significant uncertainty and negative conditions as a result of the continued fallout from the financial crisis of 2008. we could be adversely impacted by the financial distress or failure of one or more of our clearing firms.
as part of our growth initiatives, we have expanded our clearing services to swaps in addition to standard futures and options on futures products. the process for setting margins and establishing other financial safeguards for cleared swaps differs from our historical practices. although we believe that we have carefully analyzed the process for setting margins and establishing financial safeguards for cleared swaps, there is no guarantee that our procedures will adequately protect the clearing house in the event of a clearing member default during extreme market conditions.
a substantial part of our working capital may be at risk if a clearing firm defaults on its obligations to the clearing house and its margin and guaranty fund deposits are insufficient to meet its obligations. although we have policies and procedures to help ensure that our clearing firms can satisfy their obligations, these policies and procedures may not succeed in detecting problems or preventing defaults. we also have in place various measures intended to enable us to cure any default and maintain liquidity. however, we cannot assure you that these measures will be sufficient to protect market participants from a default or that we will not be adversely affected in the event of a significant default. in addition, we have established a fund (currently up to $98 million) to provide payments, up to certain maximum levels, to qualified family farmers, ranchers and other agricultural industry participants who use our products and who suffer losses to their segregated account balances if their clearing firm member becomes insolvent.
the required capital and posted collateral of our clearing firms may lose value given the volatility of the market.
to become a clearing member, a firm must meet certain minimum capital requirements and must deposit collateral to meet performance bond and guaranty fund requirements. we accept a variety of collateral to satisfy these requirements, including cash, regulated money market mutual funds, u.s. treasury securities, u.s. government agency securities, letters of credit, gold, equities and foreign sovereign debt, and subject them to established haircuts based on the type of collateral and maturity. there is no guarantee the collateral will maintain its value. to the extent a clearing firm is not compliant with capital, margin or guaranty fund requirements, it would be required to promptly come into compliance by adding capital or collateral, decreasing its proprietary trading activity and/or transferring customer accounts to another clearing firm. these actions could result in a decrease in trading activity in our products.
intellectual property rights licensed from third party price reporting agencies form the basis for many of our products from which we derive a significant portion of our volume and revenue. regulatory scrutiny into such benchmarks could have a negative impact on our ability to offer such products.
we are significantly dependent on the contract volume of products which are based on intellectual property rights of indexes derived from third-party price reporting agencies, including our benchmark eurodollar contract, which is based on libor. to comply with cftc core principles, we must be able to demonstrate that our products may not be readily subject to manipulation. our inability to offer products based on these indexes could have a negative impact on our contract volume and revenues.
our market data revenues may be reduced by decreased demand, poor overall economic conditions or a significant change in how market participants trade and use market data.
we sell our market data to individuals, trading institutions and other organizations that use our information services to participate in our markets and/or monitor general economic conditions. revenues from our market data and information services represented 11% of our total revenues, during both the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013. a decrease in overall contract volume may lead to a decreased demand for our market data. for example, in both 2014 and 2013, we experienced a decrease in the average number of market data devices due to the continued economic uncertainty, continued high unemployment levels in the financial services sector and aggressive cost cutting initiatives at customer firms and the continued impact of legacy incentive programs tied to trading terminals. in 2014, we implemented a series of policy changes and price increases effective over 2014 and 2015. we cannot guarantee that the changes or increased cost to our customers will not result in a reduction of the total number of paid subscriptions as users review their business needs for our services.
we may have difficulty executing our growth strategy and maintaining our growth effectively.
we continue to focus on strategic initiatives to grow our business, including our efforts to serve the over-the-counter markets and to distribute our products and services on a global basis. there is no guarantee that our efforts will be successful. continued growth will require additional investment in personnel, facilities, information technology infrastructure and financial and management systems and controls and may place a significant strain on our management and resources. for example, if we encounter limited resources, we may be required to increase our expenses to obtain the necessary resources, defer existing initiatives or not pursue certain opportunities. we may not be successful in implementing all of the processes that are necessary to support our growth organically or, as described below, through acquisitions, other investments or strategic alliances. unless our growth results in an increase in our revenues that is proportionate to the increase in our costs associated with our growth, our future profitability could be adversely affected, and we may have to incur significant expenditures to address the additional operational and control requirements as a result of our growth.
there is no guarantee that our cleared swaps initiatives will be successful.
our goal is to provide a comprehensive multi-asset class clearing solution to the marketplace for maximum operational ease and the capital efficiency that comes with connecting to our clearing houses. we offer clearing services for cleared swaps, including interest rate, credit default, foreign exchange and commodity swaps. our strategy also includes extending our services into other asset classes, as well as enhancing our cme clearport functionality to support additional products. while we believe the implementation of dodd-frank creates new opportunities for us to expand our offerings, the current regulatory
environment for trading and clearing these products remains uncertain. we cannot be certain that we will be able to operate profitably under the new legislation. also, numerous capital changes and provisions in basel iii may result in uncleared, bilaterally executed derivatives being less expensive than cleared derivatives. in addition, a number of market participants and exchanges have developed competing platforms and products, including new swap execution facilities. we cannot be certain that we will be able to compete effectively or that our initiatives will be successful.
we intend to continue to explore acquisitions, other investments and strategic alliances. we may not be successful in identifying opportunities or in integrating the acquired businesses. any such transaction may not produce the results we anticipate, which could adversely affect our business and our stock price.
we intend to continue to explore and pursue acquisitions and other strategic opportunities to strengthen our business and grow our company. we may make acquisitions or investments or enter into strategic partnerships, joint ventures and other alliances. the market for such transactions is highly competitive, especially in light of the increasing consolidation in our industry. as a result, we may be unable to identify strategic opportunities or we may be unable to negotiate or finance future transactions on terms favorable to us. to the extent the trend of consolidation in our industry continues, we may encounter increased difficulties in identifying growth opportunities. we may finance future transactions by issuing additional equity and/or debt. the issuance of additional equity in connection with any future transaction could be substantially dilutive to our existing shareholders. the issuance of additional debt could increase our leverage substantially. the process of integration also may produce unforeseen regulatory and operating difficulties and expenditures and may divert the attention of management from the ongoing operation of our business. to the extent we enter into joint ventures and alliances, we may experience difficulties in the development and expansion of the business of any newly formed ventures, in the exercise of influence over the activities of any ventures in which we do not have a controlling interest, as well as encounter potential conflicts with our joint venture or alliance partners. we may not realize the anticipated growth and other benefits from our growth initiatives and investments we have made or will make in the future, which may have an adverse impact on our financial condition and operating results. we also may be required to take an impairment charge in our financial statements relating to our acquisitions and/or investments, which could negatively affect our stock price.
expansion of our global operations involves special challenges that we may not be able to meet, which could adversely affect our financial results.
we plan to continue to expand our global operations, including through cme clearing europe, cme europe and our global repository services; directly placing order entry terminals with customers outside the united states; and by relying on distribution systems established by our current and future strategic alliance partners. we face certain risks inherent in doing business in international markets, particularly in the regulated derivatives exchange business. these risks include:
•   general economic and political conditions in the countries from which our markets are accessed, which may have an adverse effect on our volume from those countries; and
we cannot assure you that we will be successful in marketing our products and services in international markets. we also may experience difficulty in managing our international operations because of, among other things, competitive conditions overseas, management of foreign exchange risk, established domestic markets, language and cultural differences and economic or political instability. any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on the success of our international operations and, consequently, on our business, financial condition and operating results.
our compliance and risk management programs might not be effective and may result in outcomes that could adversely affect our reputation, financial condition and operating results.
in the normal course of our business, we discuss matters with our regulators raised during regulatory examinations, or we may otherwise become subject to their inquiry and oversight. the cftc has broad enforcement powers to censure, fine, issue cease-and-desist orders, prohibit us from engaging in some of our businesses or suspend or revoke our designation as a contract market or the registration of any of our officers or employees who violate applicable laws or regulations. our ability to comply with applicable laws and rules is largely dependent on our establishment and maintenance of compliance, review and reporting systems, as well as our ability to attract and retain qualified compliance and other risk management personnel. we face the risk of significant intervention by regulatory authorities, including extensive examination and surveillance activity. in the case of alleged non-compliance with applicable laws or regulations, we could be subject to investigations and judicial or administrative proceedings that may result in substantial penalties or civil lawsuits, including by customers, for damages, which could be significant. any of these outcomes may adversely affect our reputation, financial condition and operating results. in extreme cases, these outcomes could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business. in 2013, the cftc filed suit against nymex
and two former employees alleging disclosure of confidential customer information in violation of the commodity exchange act. based on our review of the allegations, we believe that we have strong factual and legal defenses to the claim.
our policies and procedures to identify, monitor and manage our risks may not be fully effective. some of our risk management methods depend upon evaluation of information regarding markets, customers or other matters that are publicly available or otherwise accessible by us. that information may not in all cases be accurate, complete, up-to-date or properly evaluated. management of operational, financial, legal, regulatory and strategic risk requires, among other things, policies and procedures to record properly and verify a large number of transactions and events. we cannot assure you that our policies and procedures will always be effective or that we will always be successful in monitoring or evaluating the risks to which we are or may be exposed.
we could be harmed by misconduct or errors that are difficult to detect and deter.
there have been a number of highly publicized cases involving fraud or other misconduct by employees of financial services firms in recent years. misconduct by our employees and agents could include hiding unauthorized activities from us, improper or unauthorized activities on behalf of customers or improper use or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. misconduct could subject us to financial losses or regulatory sanctions and seriously harm our reputation. it is not always possible to deter misconduct, and the precautions we take to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. our employees and agents also may commit errors that could subject us to financial claims for negligence, as well as regulatory actions, or result in our voluntary assumption of financial liability.
we may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights, which may materially harm our business.
we own the rights to a large number of trademarks, service marks, domain names and trade names in the united states, europe and other parts of the world. we have registered many of our most important trademarks in the united states and other countries. we hold the rights to a number of patents and have made a number of patent applications. our patents cover match engine, trader user interface, trading floor support, market data, general technology and clearing house functionalities. we attempt to protect our intellectual property rights by relying on trademarks, copyright, database rights, trade secrets, restrictions on disclosure and other methods. notwithstanding the precautions we take to protect our intellectual property rights, it is possible that third parties may copy or otherwise obtain and use our proprietary technology without authorization or otherwise infringe on our rights. for example, in 2012 a former employee of cme group pled guilty to theft of our trade secrets. in addition, in the future, we may have to rely on litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights, protect our trade secrets, determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others or defend against claims of infringement or invalidity. any such litigation, whether successful or unsuccessful, could result in substantial costs to us and diversions of our resources, either of which could adversely affect our business.
any infringement by us on patent rights of others could result in litigation and adversely affect our ability to continue to provide, or increase the cost of providing, our products and services.
patents of third parties may have an important bearing on our ability to offer certain of our products and services. our competitors as well as other companies and individuals may obtain, and may be expected to obtain in the future, patents related to the types of products and services we offer or plan to offer. we cannot assure you that we are or will be aware of all patents containing claims that may pose a risk of infringement by our products and services. in addition, some patent applications in the united states are confidential until a patent is issued and, therefore, we cannot evaluate the extent to which our products and services may be covered or asserted to be covered by claims contained in pending patent applications. these claims of infringement are not uncommon in our industry.
in general, if one or more of our products or services were to infringe on patents held by others, we may be required to stop developing or marketing the products or services, to obtain licenses to develop and market the services from the holders of the patents or to redesign the products or services in such a way as to avoid infringing on the patent claims. we cannot assess the extent to which we may be required in the future to obtain licenses with respect to patents held by others, whether such licenses would be available or, if available, whether we would be able to obtain such licenses on commercially reasonable terms. if we were unable to obtain such licenses, we may not be able to redesign our products or services to avoid infringement, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.
risks relating to an investment in our class a common stock our indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition and operations and prevent us from fulfilling our debt service obligations. we might still be able to incur more debt, intensifying these risks.
as of december 31, 2014, we had approximately $2.1 billion of total indebtedness and we had excess borrowing capacity for general corporate purposes under our existing facilities of approximately $1.8 billion.
•   require us to dedicate a significant portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, thereby reducing the availability of cash flows to fund capital expenditures, to pursue acquisitions or investments, to pay dividends and for general corporate purposes;
•   increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic conditions;
•   limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in or challenges relating to our business and industry; and
•   place us at a competitive disadvantage against any less leveraged competitors.
the occurrence of any one of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations. in addition, the agreements governing our outstanding indebtedness do not significantly limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness, which could increase the risks described above to the extent that we incur additional debt. our u.s. exchanges and clearing house also are required to maintain capital as defined by the cftc.
any reduction in our credit rating could increase the cost of our funding from the capital markets.
our long-term debt is currently rated investment grade by two of the major rating agencies. these rating agencies regularly evaluate us. their ratings of our long-term debt are based on a number of factors, including our financial strength as well as factors not entirely within our control, such as conditions affecting the financial services industry generally. in light of the difficulties in the financial services industry and the financial markets over the last few years, there can be no assurance that we will maintain our current ratings. in the past, we have experienced ratings downgrades. our failure to maintain our ratings could adversely affect the cost and other terms upon which we are able to obtain funding, and increase our cost of capital. additionally, if our ratings are downgraded below investment grade due to a change of control, we are required to make an offer to repurchase all of our fixed-rate notes at a price equal to 101% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest.
our operations of, and investments in, businesses outside of the united states could subject us to currency risk.
since we conduct business outside of the united states, primarily in the united kingdom, portions of our revenues and expenses are denominated in u.s. dollars and pounds sterling.  because our consolidated financial statements are presented in u.s. dollars, we must translate non-u.s. dollar denominated revenues, income and expenses, as well as assets and liabilities, into u.s. dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the end of each reporting period. therefore, increases or decreases in the value of the u.s. dollar against the other currencies may affect our operating income and the value of balance sheet items denominated in foreign currencies.
additionally, we have invested in businesses outside of the united states, including our investment in bm&fbovespa which had a fair value of $410.8 million as of december 31, 2014.  a decrease in value of the currencies in the foreign jurisdictions where we have investments would decrease the value of our investments and may have a negative impact on our financial statements.
our quarterly operating results fluctuate due to seasonality. as a result, you will not be able to rely on our operating results in any particular quarter as an indication of our future performance.
we have historically experienced relatively higher contract volume during the first and second quarters and sequentially lower contract volume in the third and fourth quarters. as a result of this seasonality, you will not be able to rely on our operating results in any particular period as an indication of our future performance. if we fail to meet securities analysts' expectations regarding our operating results, the price of our class a common stock could decline substantially.
our average rate per contract is subject to fluctuation due to a number of factors. as a result, you will not be able to rely on our average rate per contract in any particular period as an indication of our future average rate per contract.
our average rate per contract, which impacts our operating results, is subject to fluctuation due to shifts in the mix of products traded, the trading venue and the mix of customers (whether the customer receives member or non-member fees or participates in one of our various incentive programs) and the impact of our tiered pricing structure. in addition, our members and participants in our various incentive programs generally are charged lower fees than our non-member customers. variation in
each of these factors is difficult to predict and will have an impact on our average rate per contract in the particular period. because of this fluctuation, you may not be able to rely on our average rate per contract in any particular period as an indication of our future average rate per contract. if we fail to meet securities analysts' expectations regarding our operating results, the price of our class a common stock could decline substantially.
our cost structure is largely fixed. if our revenues decline and we are unable to reduce our costs, our profitability will be adversely affected.
our cost structure is largely fixed. we base our cost structure on historical and expected levels of demand for our products and services. if demand for our products and services and our resulting revenues decline, we may not be able to adjust our cost structure on a timely basis. in that event, our profitability would be adversely affected.
thirteen of our board members own trading rights or are officers or directors of firms that own trading rights on our exchanges. as members, these individuals may have interests that differ from or conflict with those of shareholders who are not also members. our dependence on the trading and clearing activities of our members, combined with their rights to elect directors, may enable them to exert substantial influence over the operation of our business.
thirteen of our directors own or are officers or directors of firms that own trading rights on our exchanges. we are dependent on the revenues from the trading and clearing activities of our members. in 2014, 80% of our contract volume was derived from our members. this dependence may give them substantial influence over how we operate our business.
many of our members and clearing firms derive a substantial portion of their income from their trading or clearing activities on or through our exchanges. in addition, trading rights on our exchanges have substantial independent value. the amount of income that members derive from their trading, brokering and clearing activities and the value of their trading rights are, in part, dependent on the fees they are charged to trade, broker, clear and access our markets, and the rules and structure of our markets. as a result, members may not have the same economic interests as holders of our class a common stock. in addition, our members may have differing interests among themselves depending on the roles they serve in our markets, their methods of trading and the products they trade. consequently, members may advocate that we enhance and protect their clearing and trading opportunities and the value of their trading privileges over their investment in our class a common stock, if any.
our members have been granted special rights, which protect their trading privileges, require that we maintain open outcry trading until volumes are not significant and, in the case of our class b shareholders, provide them with special board representation.
under the terms of the organizational documents of our exchanges, our members have certain rights that relate primarily to trading right protections, certain trading fee protections and certain membership benefit protections. additionally, our class b shareholders, who are members of our cme exchange, also are entitled to elect six directors to our board even if their class a share ownership interest is very small or non-existent. in connection with these rights, our ability to take certain actions that we may deem to be in the best interests of the company and its shareholders, including actions relating to certain pricing decisions, may be limited by the rights of our members.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations introduction management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is organized as follows:
•   executive summary: includes an overview of our business; current economic, competitive and regulatory trends relevant to our business; our current business strategy; and our primary sources of operating and non-operating revenues and expenses.
•   critical accounting policies: provides an explanation of accounting policies which may have a significant impact on our financial results and the estimates, assumptions and risks associated with those policies.
•   recent accounting pronouncements: includes an evaluation of recent accounting pronouncements and the potential impact of their future adoption on our financial results.
•   results of operations: includes an analysis of our 2014, 2013 and 2012 financial results and a discussion of any known events or trends which are likely to impact future results.
•   liquidity and capital resources: includes a discussion of our future cash requirements, capital resources, significant planned expenditures and financing arrangements.
in march 2010, the board of trade of the city of chicago, inc. (cbot) acquired a 90% ownership interest in cme group index services llc (index services), a business venture with dow jones & company (dow jones). the discussion and analysis that follow includes the financial results of index services beginning march 19, 2010. in april 2013, cbot purchased the remaining 10% non-controlling interest in index services.
in june 2012, cbot contributed certain assets and liabilities (dji asset group) owned by index services to s&p/dow jones indices llc (s&p/dji), a new business venture with the mcgraw-hill companies inc. (mcgraw). in addition, credit market analysis ltd. (cma) was sold to mcgraw as part of this transaction. the discussion and analysis that follows excludes the assets and liabilities disposed of as part of this transaction with mcgraw beginning june 30, 2012.
in november 2012, cbot acquired the board of trade of kansas city, missouri, inc. (kcbt), including its wholly-owned clearing house, kansas city board of trade clearing corporation (kcbtcc) and its 51% controlling interest in board of trade investment company (botic). the discussion and analysis that follows includes the financial results of kcbt beginning november 30, 2012.
references in this discussion and analysis to "we" and "our" are to cme group inc. (cme group) and its consolidated subsidiaries, collectively. references to "exchange" are to chicago mercantile exchange inc. (cme), cbot, new york mercantile exchange, inc. (nymex), commodity exchange, inc. (comex), cme clearing europe limited (cmece) and cme europe limited (cme europe), collectively, unless otherwise noted.
overview business overview cme group, a delaware stock corporation, is the holding company for cme, cbot, nymex, comex and their respective subsidiaries as well as cmece and cme europe. the holding company structure is designed to provide strategic and operational flexibility. cme group's class a common stock is listed on the nasdaq global select market (nasdaq) under the ticker symbol "cme."
our exchange consists of designated contract markets for the trading of futures and options on futures contracts. we also clear futures, options on futures and swaps contracts through our two clearing organizations: cme clearing, which is a division of cme, and cmece. futures contracts, options on futures contracts and swaps contracts provide investors with vehicles for protecting against, and potentially profiting from, price changes in financial instruments and physical commodities.
we are a global exchange with customer access available virtually all over the world. our customers consist of professional traders, financial institutions, individual and institutional investors, major corporations, manufacturers, producers and governments. customers include both members of the exchange and non-members.
we offer our customers the opportunity to trade futures contracts and options on futures contracts on a range of products including those based on interest rates, equities, foreign exchange, agricultural commodities, energy and metals. we also clear swaps contracts on a range of products including those based on interest rates, credit default, foreign exchange, agricultural commodities, energy and metals.
our products provide a means for hedging, speculating and allocating assets. we identify new products by monitoring economic trends and their impact on the risk management and speculative needs of our existing and prospective customers.
most of our products are available for trading through our electronic trading platform and our open outcry trading floors. these execution facilities offer our customers immediate trade execution and price transparency. in addition, trades can be executed through privately negotiated transactions that are cleared and settled through our cme and cmece clearing houses.
our clearing houses clear, settle and guarantee futures and options contracts traded through our exchange, in addition to cleared swaps products. our clearing houses' performance guarantee is an important function of our business. because of this guarantee, our customers do not need to evaluate the credit of each potential counterparty or limit themselves to a selected set of counterparties. this flexibility increases the potential liquidity available for each trade. additionally, the substitution of our clearing houses as the counterparty to every transaction allows our customers to establish a position with one party and offset the position with another party. this contract offsetting process provides our customers with flexibility in establishing and adjusting positions and provides for collateral and margining efficiencies.
business trends economic environment. our customers continue to use our markets as an effective and transparent means to manage risk and meet their investment needs despite recent economic uncertainty and volatility. in recent years, trading activity in our centralized markets has fluctuated due to the ongoing uncertainty in the financial markets caused by the united states and european credit crises, fluctuations in the availability of credit, variations in the amount of assets under management as well as the federal reserve bank's continued zero interest rate policy and quantitative easing. we continue to maintain high quality and diverse products as well as various clearing and market data services which support our customers in any economic environment.
competitive environment. our industry is competitive and we continue to encounter competition in all aspects of our business. we expect competition to continue to intensify, especially in light of recent regulatory reforms in the financial services industry. competition is influenced by our reputation, the efficiency and security of our services, depth and liquidity of our markets, breadth of product offerings including rate and quality of new product development, our ability to position and expand upon existing products, transparency, reliability and anonymity of transaction processing, the regulatory environment, efficient and innovative technology and connectivity as well as transaction costs. we believe we are very well situated with respect to these factors. we now face competition from other futures, securities and securities option exchanges; over-the-counter markets; clearing organizations; consortia formed by our members and large market participants; swap execution facilities; alternative trade execution facilities; technology firms, including market data distributors and electronic trading system developers, and others. as markets continue to evolve, we will continue to adapt our trading technology and clearing services to meet the needs of our customers.
regulatory environment. exchange-traded derivatives have historically been subject to extensive regulation. as a result of the widespread difficulties across the economy over recent years, various domestic and foreign governments have undertaken reviews of the existing legal framework governing financial markets and have either passed new laws and regulations or are in the process of enacting new laws and regulations that will apply to our business. compliance with regulations may require us and our customers to dedicate significant financial and operational resources which could adversely affect our profitability.
our futures exchanges and our u.s. clearing house are subject to extensive regulation by the commodity futures trading commission (cftc), which carries out the regulation of the futures markets in accordance with the provisions of the commodity exchange act, the commodity futures modernization act and the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act (dodd-frank). over the last four years, a number of regulations to implement dodd-frank were finalized. while we believe that the new regulations will provide opportunities for our business, the new regulations remain subject to additional rulemaking by various regulators. our u.s. clearing house has been designated by the cftc as a systemically important derivatives clearing organization, which imposes various new procedural and substantive requirements. our u.s. swap data repository service and swap execution facility are also subject to the requirements of the commodity exchange act and the regulations of the cftc. we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant additional costs to comply with the provisions of dodd-frank and any new regulations.
as a global company with operations and locations around the world, we are also subject to laws and regulations in foreign locations where we do business. the financial services industry in europe has recently undergone regulatory reform and a re-organization of its regulatory framework. our european operations are now overseen by several regulators, including the bank of england, the financial conduct authority (fca) and the european securities market authority (esma). we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant additional costs to comply with the new regulations in europe.
business strategy our strategy focuses on leveraging our benchmark products, enhancing our customer relations, expanding our customer base, advancing our clearing and trading technologies and deriving benefits from our integrated clearing houses as well as our scalable infrastructure. we focus specifically on opportunities created by increased market awareness and acceptance of derivatives, increased price volatility, technological advances and the increasing need for counterparty risk mitigation and clearing services. this strategy allows us to continue to develop into a more broadly diversified financial exchange that provides trading and clearing solutions across a wide range of products and asset classes. we believe that we can build on our competitive strengths by executing on the following initiatives:
•   lead core business innovation by continuing to enhance our customer relations to allow us to further cross-sell our products, expand on the strength of our existing benchmark products, launch new products and deepen open interest in our core futures offerings;
•   globalize our company and business by expanding and diversifying our customer base worldwide and offering customers around the world the most broadly diversified portfolio of benchmark products, increasing our presence in major international financial centers as well as partnering with leading exchanges around the world to make their products available on or through our cme globex electronic trading platform. we have also extended our european presence through cmece and cme europe;
•   expand our existing customer base and enhance our products and services offerings to meet their risk management needs by targeting cross asset sales, driving international sales and generating new client participation across the world;
•   extend our capabilities and business in the swaps markets by providing a comprehensive multi-asset class clearing solution to the market for maximum operational ease and capital efficiency. we remain focused on new customer onboarding for swaps clearing services, expanding our cleared swaps product offerings and working with the buy- and sell-sides to meet their needs for real-time clearing, risk management and data reporting as market participants move from a compliance phase to an optimization phase; and
•   establish ourselves as the leading exchange company provider of information products and index services and enhance our intellectual property portfolio. our business venture with mcgraw well positions us to serve global institutional and retail customers and allows us to continue to be innovative with product development and co-branding across asset classes.
revenues clearing and transaction fees. a majority of our revenue is derived from clearing and transaction fees, which include electronic trading fees, surcharges for privately negotiated transactions and other volume-related charges for exchange-traded and cleared swaps contracts. because clearing and transaction fees are assessed on a per-contract or notional value basis, revenues and profitability fluctuate with changes in contract volume. in addition to the business trends noted earlier, our contract volume, and consequently our revenues, tend to increase during periods of economic and geopolitical uncertainty as our customers seek to manage their exposure to, or speculate on, the market volatility resulting from that uncertainty.
while volume has the most significant impact on our clearing and transaction fees revenue, there are four other factors that also influence this source of revenues:
•   the percentage of trades executed by customers who are members compared with non-member customers.
rate structure. customers benefit from volume discounts and limits on fees as part of our effort to increase liquidity in certain products. we offer various incentive programs to promote trading and clearing in various products and geographic locations. we may periodically change fees, volume discounts, fee limits and member discounts, perhaps significantly, based on our review of operations and the business environment.
product mix. we offer exchange-traded futures and options on futures contracts as well as cleared-only swap contracts on a wide-ranging set of products based on interest rates, equities, foreign exchange, agricultural commodities, energy, metals and credit default. rates are varied by product in order to optimize revenue on existing products and to encourage contract volume upon introduction of new products.
venue. our exchange is an international marketplace that brings together buyers and sellers mainly through our electronic trading as well as through open outcry trading and privately negotiated transactions. any customer who is guaranteed by a
clearing firm and who agrees to be bound by our exchange rules is able to obtain direct access to our electronic platforms. open outcry trading is conducted exclusively by our members, who may execute trades on behalf of customers or for themselves.
typically, customers submitting trades through our electronic platforms are charged fees for using the platforms in addition to the fees assessed on all transactions executed on our exchange. customers entering into privately negotiated transactions also incur additional charges beyond the fees assessed on other transactions. privately negotiated transactions include block trades, which are large transactions that are executed between selected parties off the public auction market on cme globex or the trading floor. privately negotiated transactions also include volume submitted through cme clearport.
member/non-member mix. generally, member customers are charged lower fees than our non-member customers. holding all other factors constant, revenue decreases if the percentage of trades executed by members increases, and increases if the percentage of non-member trades increases.
other sources. revenue is also derived from other sources including market data and information services, access and communication fees and various services related to our exchange and building operations.
market data and information services. we receive market data and information services revenue from the dissemination of our market data to subscribers. subscribers can obtain access to our market data services either directly or through third-party distributors.
our service offerings include access to real-time, delayed and end-of-day quotations, trade and summary market data for our products and other data sources. users of our basic service receive real-time quotes and pay a flat monthly fee for each screen, or device, displaying our market data. alternatively, customers can subscribe to market data provided on a limited group of products. the fee for this service is also a flat rate per month.
pricing for our market data services is based on the value of the service provided, our cost structure for the service and the price of comparable services offered by our competitors. increases or decreases in our market data and information services revenue are influenced by changes in our price structure for existing market data offerings, introduction of new market data services and changes in the number of devices in use. general economic factors that affect the financial services industry, which constitutes our primary customer base, also influence revenue from our market data services.
access and communication fees. access and communication fees are charges to members and clearing firms that utilize our various telecommunications networks and communications services. our communication services include our co-location program as well as the connectivity charges to customers of the cme globex platform. our co-location services were launched in january 2012. access fee revenue varies depending on the type of connection provided to customers.
other revenues. other revenues include fees for administrating our interest earning facility (ief) program, trade order routing through agreements from various strategic relationships and other services to members and clearing firms. we offer clearing firms the opportunity to invest cash performance bonds in our various ief offerings. these clearing firms receive interest income, and we receive a fee based on total funds on deposit.
to further diversify the range of services we offer, we have entered into processing and development agreements with other exchanges and service organizations. for example, we have an agreement with bm&fbovespa s.a (bm&fbovespa) to develop a new multi-asset class electronic trading platform for their customers. we recognized revenue under this agreement as services were provided and when developed technology was delivered.
in addition, other revenues include trading gains and losses generated by gfx corporation (gfx), our wholly-owned subsidiary that trades futures contracts in a fully hedged book to enhance liquidity in our electronic markets for certain products. lastly, other revenues include rent charged to third party tenants as well as ancillary charges for utilities, parking and miscellaneous services provided to tenants.
expenses the majority of our expenses do not vary directly with changes in our contract volume. however, licensing and other fee agreements can vary directly with certain equity contract and swap volumes as well as the majority of our employee bonuses vary directly with overall contract volume.
compensation and benefits. compensation and benefits expense is our most significant expense and includes employee wages, bonuses, stock-based compensation, benefits and employer taxes. changes in this expense are driven by fluctuations in the number of employees, increases in wages as a result of inflation or labor market conditions, changes in rates for employer taxes and other cost increases affecting benefit plans. in addition, this expense is affected by the composition of our work force. the expense associated with our bonus and stock-based compensation plans can also have a significant impact on this expense category and may vary from year to year.
the bonus component of our compensation and benefits expense is based on our financial performance. under the performance criteria of our annual incentive plans, the bonus funded under the plans is based on achieving certain financial performance targets established by the compensation committee of our board of directors. the compensation committee has discretion to make equitable adjustments to the cash earnings performance calculation to reflect effects of unplanned operating results or capital expenditures to meet intermediate- to long-term growth opportunities.
stock-based compensation is a non-cash expense related to stock options, restricted stock and performance share grants. stock-based compensation varies depending on the quantity and fair value of awards granted. the fair value of restricted stock awards and other performance share grants is based on either the share price on the date of the grant or a model of expected future stock prices. the fair value of options is derived using the black-scholes model with assumptions about our dividend yield, the expected volatility of our stock price based on an analysis of implied and historical volatility, the risk-free interest rate and the expected life of the options granted.
professional fees and outside services. this expense includes fees for consulting services received on strategic and technology initiatives, temporary labor as well as legal and accounting fees. this expense may fluctuate as a result of changes in services required to complete initiatives and legal proceedings.
depreciation and amortization. depreciation and amortization expense results from the depreciation of long-lived assets such as buildings, leasehold improvements, furniture, fixtures and equipment. this expense also includes the amortization of purchased and internally developed software.
other expenses. we incur amortization of intangible assets and additional ongoing expenses for communications, technology support services and various other activities necessary to support our operations.
•   communications expense includes costs for network connections for our electronic platforms and some market data customers; telecommunications costs of our exchange, and fees paid for access to external market data. this expense may be impacted by growth in electronic contract volume, our capacity requirements and changes in the number of telecommunications hubs and connections which allow customers outside the united states to access our electronic platforms directly.
•   technology support services expense consist of costs related to maintenance of the hardware and software required to support our technology. our technology support services costs are driven by system capacity, functionality and redundancy requirements.
•   amortization of purchased intangibles includes amortization of intangible assets obtained in our mergers with cbot holdings, inc. and nymex holdings, inc. as well as other asset and business acquisitions. intangible assets subject to amortization consist primarily of clearing firm, market data and other customer relationships.
•   occupancy and building operations expense consists of costs related to leased and owned property including rent, maintenance, real estate taxes, utilities and other related costs. we have significant operations located in chicago, new york, the united kingdom as well as other smaller offices located throughout the world.
•   licensing and other fee agreements expense includes license fees paid as a result of contract volume in equity index products and royalty and broker rebates on energy and metals products as well as revenue sharing on cleared swaps contracts. this expense fluctuates with changes in contract volumes as well as changes in fee structures.
•   other expenses include marketing and travel-related expenses as well as general and administrative costs. marketing, advertising and public relations expense includes media, print and other advertising costs, as well as costs associated with our product promotion. other expenses also include litigation and customer settlements, impairment charges on operating assets, gains and losses on disposals of operating assets, contingent consideration and foreign currency transaction gains and losses resulting from changes in exchange rates on certain foreign deposits.
non-operating income and expenses income and expenses incurred through activities outside of our core operations are considered non-operating. these activities include non-core investing and financing activities.
•   investment income includes dividend income from our strategic equity investments; gains and losses on trading securities in our non-qualified deferred compensation plans; short-term investment of clearing firms' cash performance bonds and guaranty fund contributions as well as excess operating cash; and interest income and realized gains and losses from our marketable securities. investment income is influenced by the amount of dividends distributed by our strategic investments, the availability of funds generated by operations, market interest rates and changes in the levels of cash performance bonds deposited by clearing firms.
•   interest and other borrowing costs include charges associated with various short-term and long-term funding facilities, including commitment fees on line of credit agreements.
•   equity in net earnings (losses) of unconsolidated subsidiaries includes income and losses from our investments in s&amp;p/dji, dubai mercantile exchange and bursa malaysia derivatives berhad.
•   other income (expense) includes the net gain related to the contribution of the dji asset group and the sale of cma as well as gains related to our former securities lending program.
critical accounting policies the notes to our consolidated financial statements include disclosure of our significant accounting policies. in establishing these policies within the framework of accounting principles generally accepted in the united states, management must make certain assessments, estimates and choices that will result in the application of these principles in a manner that appropriately reflects our financial condition and results of operations. critical accounting policies are those policies that we believe present the most complex or subjective measurements and have the most potential to affect our financial position and operating results. while all decisions regarding accounting policies are important, there are certain accounting policies that we consider to be critical. these critical policies, which are presented in detail in the notes to our consolidated financial statements, relate to the valuation of financial instruments, goodwill and intangible assets, revenue recognition, income taxes and internal use software costs.
valuation of financial instruments. fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date, or an exit price. we have categorized financial instruments measured at fair value into the following three-level fair value hierarchy based upon the level of judgment associated with the inputs used to measure the fair value:
•   level 1-inputs are unadjusted, quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date. assets and liabilities carried at level 1 fair value generally include u.s. treasury securities and investments in publicly traded mutual funds with quoted market prices.
•   level 2-inputs are either directly or indirectly observable and corroborated by market data or are based on quoted prices in markets that are not active. assets and liabilities carried at level 2 fair value generally include asset-backed securities and certain derivatives.
•   level 3-inputs are unobservable and reflect management's best estimate of what market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. assets and liabilities carried at level 3 fair value generally include assets and liabilities with inputs that require management's judgment.
for further discussion regarding the fair value of financial assets and liabilities, see note 19 in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
goodwill and intangible assets. we review goodwill for impairment on an annual basis and whenever events or circumstances indicate that its carrying value may not be recoverable. goodwill may be tested quantitatively for impairment by comparing the carrying value of a reporting unit to its estimated fair value. estimating the fair value of a reporting unit involves the use of valuation techniques that rely on significant estimates and assumptions. these estimates and assumptions may include forecasted revenue growth rates; forecasted operating margins; risk-adjusted discount rates; forecasted economic and market conditions, and industry multiples. we base our fair value estimates on assumptions we believe to be reasonable given the information that is available to us at the time of our assessment; however, actual future results may differ significantly from those estimates. under certain favorable circumstances, goodwill may be reviewed qualitatively for indications of impairment without utilizing valuation techniques to estimate fair value. the qualitative assessment of goodwill relies on significant assumptions about forecasts of revenue growth, operating margins and economic conditions as well as overall market and industry-specific trends.
we also review indefinite-lived intangible assets on an annual basis or more frequently when events and circumstances indicate that their carrying values may not be recoverable. indefinite-lived intangible assets may be tested quantitatively for impairment by comparing their carrying values to their estimated fair values. estimating the fair value of indefinite-lived intangible assets involves the use of valuation techniques that rely on significant estimates and assumptions. these estimates and assumptions may include forecasted revenue growth rates, forecasted allocations of expense and risk-adjusted discount rates. we base our fair value estimates on assumptions we believe to be reasonable given the information that is available to us at the time of our assessment; however, actual future results may differ significantly from those estimates. similar to goodwill, under certain favorable circumstances, indefinite-lived intangible assets may be reviewed qualitatively for indications of impairment without utilizing valuation techniques to estimate fair value. the qualitative assessment of indefinite-lived intangibles assets relies on significant assumptions about forecasts of revenue growth, operating margins and economic conditions as well as overall market and industry-specific trends.
intangible assets subject to amortization are also assessed for impairment when indicated by a change in economic or operational circumstances. the impairment assessment of these assets requires management to first compare the book value of
the amortizing asset to undiscounted cash flows. if the book value exceeds the undiscounted cash flows, management is then required to estimate the fair value of the assets and record an impairment loss for the excess of the carrying value over the fair value.
revenue recognition. a significant portion of our revenue is derived from the clearing and transaction fees we assess on each contract executed through our trading venues and cleared through our clearing houses. clearing and transaction fees are recognized as revenue when a buy and sell order are matched and when the trade is cleared. on occasion, the customer's exchange trading privileges may not be properly entered by the clearing firm and incorrect fees are charged for the transactions in the affected accounts. when this information is corrected within the time period allowed by the exchange, a fee adjustment is provided to the clearing firm. an accrual is established for estimated fee adjustments to reflect corrections to customer exchange trading privileges. the accrual is based on the historical pattern of adjustments processed as well as specific adjustment requests.
income taxes. calculation of the income tax provision includes an estimate of the income taxes that will be paid for the current year as well as an estimate of income tax liabilities or benefits deferred into future years. deferred tax assets are reviewed to determine if they will be realized in future periods. to the extent it is determined that some deferred tax assets may not be fully realized, the assets are reduced to their realizable value by a valuation allowance. the calculation of our tax provision involves uncertainty in the application of complex tax regulations. we recognize potential liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues in the united states and other applicable foreign tax jurisdictions using a more-likely-than-not recognition threshold based on the technical merits of the tax position taken or expected to be taken. if payment of these amounts varies from our estimate, our income tax provision would be reduced or increased at the time that determination is made. this determination may not be known for several years. past tax audits have not resulted in tax adjustments that would result in a material change to the income tax provision in the year the audit was completed. the effective tax rate, defined as the income tax provision as a percentage of income before income taxes, will vary from year to year based on changes in tax jurisdictions, tax rates and regulations. in addition, the effective tax rate will vary with changes to income that are not subject to income tax and changes in expenses or losses that are not deductible, such as the utilization of foreign net operating losses.
internal use software costs. certain internal and external costs that are incurred in connection with developing or obtaining computer software for internal use are capitalized. software development costs incurred during the planning or maintenance stages of a software project are expensed as incurred, while costs incurred during the application development stage are capitalized and are amortized over the estimated useful life of the software, generally three years. amortization of capitalized costs begins only when the software becomes ready for its intended use.
recent accounting pronouncements in may 2014, the financial accounting standards board issued a new standard on revenue recognition that replaces numerous, industry-specific requirements and converges u.s. accounting with international financial reporting standards. the new standard introduces a framework for recognizing revenue that focuses on the transfer of control rather than risks and rewards. the new standard also requires significant additional disclosures about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant judgments, changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. the new standard will become effective in the first annual period beginning after december 15, 2016. this guidance may be adopted using one of two transition methods, which we are still evaluating along with the impact of the new standard on our consolidated financial statements.
results of operations financial highlights the comparability of our operating results for the periods presented may be impacted by mergers, acquisitions and disposals of businesses and/or asset groups. where material, these impacts are discussed in the analysis that follows.
the following summarizes significant changes in our financial performance for the years presented.
year-over-year change
operating margin                                                           57   %                56   %                58   %
non-operating income (expense)                                           $3.0                $(36.0   )              $1.4           (108      )          n.m.
cash flows from operating activities                                  1,291.4               1,280.5               1,219.7              1                    5
n.m. not meaningful revenues year-over-year change
market data and information services             356.3                 315.4                 387.1             13                  (19      )
clearing and transaction fees the following table summarizes our total contract volume, revenue and average rate per contract. total contract volume includes contracts that are traded on our exchange and cleared through our clearing house and certain cleared-only contracts. volume is measured in round turns, which is considered a completed transaction that involves a purchase and an offsetting sale of a contract. average rate per contract is determined by dividing total clearing and transaction fees by total contract volume. volume and average rate per contract disclosures exclude our trakrs, credit default swaps, interest rate swaps, cmece and cme europe contracts. unless otherwise noted, the following tables also exclude volumes for kcbt prior to january 1, 2013.
year-over-year change
we estimate the following increases (decreases) in clearing and transaction fees based on change in total contract volume and change in average rate per contract during 2014 compared with 2013, and during 2013 compared with 2012.
year-over-year change
increases due to change in total contract volume          $209.1                  $208.4
decreases due to change in average rate per contract       (80.0     )            (146.4     )
average rate per contract is impacted by our rate structure, including volume-based incentives; product mix; trading venue, and the percentage of volume executed by customers who are members compared with non-member customers. due to the relationship between average rate per contract and contract volume, the change in clearing and transaction fees attributable to changes in each is only an approximation.
clearing and transaction fees as presented on the consolidated statements of income include revenues for our cleared-only cme interest rate swap and cme credit default swap contracts. in 2014, 2013 and 2012, clearing and transaction fees generated from these contracts was $59.5 million, $32.3 million and $6.1 million, respectively. the increase in revenue was largely attributable to increases in cme interest rate swap contract volume resulting from the over-the-counter clearing mandate required to be implemented in 2013 by the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act.
contract volume the following table summarizes average daily contract volume. contract volume can be influenced by many factors, including political and economic factors, the regulatory environment and market competition.
year-over-year change
foreign exchange                                803           886           845         (9      )             5
(2) privately negotiated average daily volume includes both traditional block trades, off-exchange trades which were historically categorized as cme clearport (now executed as futures block trades), and exchange for related positions (efrps).
year-over-year change
eurodollar futures and options:
front 8 futures                           1,580        1,159        1,099         36      %             5      %
back 32 futures                           1,052          885          579         19                   53
u.s. treasury futures and options:
overall interest rate volumes increased in 2014 when compared with 2013 due to an increase in volumes for u.s. treasury contracts and eurodollar futures and options contracts, particularly with short-term contracts. we believe the growth was a result of increased volatility driven by changing expectations regarding near-term federal reserve actions. in addition, we believe the growth in eurodollar options volume was attributable to increased sales efforts. despite overall increases in interest rate volumes, treasury bond volumes decreased in 2014 compared with 2013. u.s. treasury volumes were high in the first half
of 2013 due to short periods of high volatility created by the federal reserve's activities with respect to its quantitative easing program.
in 2013 when compared with 2012, overall interest rate contract volume increased largely due to an increase in volume for the eurodollar back 32 futures as well as the 5-year and 10-year u.s. treasury contracts. the increase in volume resulted from periods of high volatility in 2013, particularly in mid and long-term interest rates. we believe the periods of mid- and long-term interest rate volatility were attributable to changes in market expectations regarding the federal reserve's intention to revisit its quantitative easing strategy and to outline an exit strategy from its plan as well as a change in expectations regarding the federal reserve's continued zero interest rate policy.
short-term interest rate volatility remained low in 2013 compared with prior periods due to the federal reserve's ongoing zero interest rate policy. the federal reserve's announcement in may 2013 that tapering might have occurred in 2013 resulted in an increase in short-term interest rate volatility, which contributed to a slight increase in eurodollar front 8 and eurodollar options contracts in 2013 compared with 2012. the federal reserve's announcement had little effect on the 2-year treasury volumes as market participants continued to focus primarily on mid-term contracts, such as the 5-year and 10-year treasury contracts.
year-over-year change
e-mini s&amp;p 500 futures and options        2,146        2,119        2,016          1      %   5             %
e-mini nasdaq 100 futures and options           312          239          254         30                   (6   )
we believe the increase in overall equity contract volume resulted from geopolitical events in russia and ukraine as well as the middle east that led to periods of relatively high volatility, as measured by the cboe volatility index, in the third quarter of 2014. we believe the increase in volume was also due to a more gradual increase in broad market volatility during the second half of 2014 caused by uncertainty surrounding interest rates and other geopolitical uncertainty. the increase in the e-mini nasdaq-100 contract volume was due to market participants shifting attention to the nasdaq-100 index, which had slightly higher volatility than the s&p 500 throughout most of the year.
equity contract volume increased in 2013 when compared with 2012 due to periods of higher volatility in early 2013. we believe higher volatility resulted from changes in market expectations regarding the federal reserve's intention to revisit its quantitative easing strategy. we also believe the increase in equity contract volume in 2013 was due to a greater need for equity index futures and options contracts resulting from an increase in assets under management in equity-based funds. the e-mini nasdaq contracts did not benefit from macro-level events or increased general market volatility to the same extent as the e-mini s&p 500 because the e-mini nasdaq contract hedges different market risks than the e-mini s&p 500.
foreign exchange products the following table summarizes average daily contract volume for our key foreign exchange products.
year-over-year change
in 2014 when compared with 2013, the overall decrease in foreign exchange contract volumes was attributable to a decrease in exchange rate volatility across all major currencies. we believe subdued expectations regarding interest rate changes across european countries and japan led to a decrease in exchange rate volatility throughout these regions. additionally, we believe allegations regarding possible collusion by certain foreign exchange market participants in other marketplaces had a continued negative impact on overall global foreign exchange product trading during 2014. despite the overall decline in volume for the year, volume did improve during the second half of 2014 largely due to volatility created by global economic uncertainty and geopolitical risk.
the overall increase in foreign exchange contract volume in 2013 when compared with 2012 was attributable to an increase in japanese yen and british pound contract volumes. the increase in japanese yen contract volume in 2013 when compared with 2012 was largely due to higher volatility resulting from reduced efforts by the japanese central bank to control yen exchange rates in early 2013. in addition, we believe increased volatility and economic uncertainty within great britain in 2013 contributed to an overall increase in british pound contract volumes in 2013 when compared with 2012. as a result of a decrease in demand for commodity resources in china because of an economic slowdown in the chinese market, demand decreased for currencies from countries that heavily depend on raw material exports, such as the australian dollar and the canadian dollar. we believe the decrease in demand for these currencies resulted in a decrease in volume for the austrian dollar and canadian dollar contracts. additionally, euro contract volume decreased due to lower volatility when compared with 2012 as a result of concerns related to the european credit crisis in 2012.
year-over-year change
agricultural commodity contract volume increased in 2014 when compared with 2013 due to higher wheat contract volume in 2014, which we believe was caused by geopolitical concerns in russia and ukraine. substantial increases in the production of corn and soybeans in 2014 encouraged hedgers to more aggressively seek protection against falling prices, which we believe resulted in an increase in volume.
we believe the overall decline in total agricultural commodity contract volume in 2013 when compared with 2012 was attributable to fewer weather-related events in 2013, which resulted in higher grain supplies and movement toward a more normal historical supply and demand environment. the overall decrease in agricultural commodity volume was partially offset by incremental wheat contract volume from the addition of kcbt's hard red winter wheat contract to our product line.
year-over-year change
total energy contract volumes decreased slightly in 2014 when compared with 2013 due to a decline in natural gas contract volume, which we believe was attributable to low overall price levels resulting from increasing u.s. energy production. crude oil volume increased in 2014, particularly in the fourth quarter, due to a shift in supply and demand, which resulted in high volatility within the oil markets.
overall energy contract volumes remained flat in 2013 when compared with 2012. we believe crude oil contract volume increased due to improvements in distribution infrastructure. we believe that revisions to our trading volume incentives program also contributed to an increase in crude oil contract volume in 2013 when compared with 2012. the decline in natural gas contract volume in 2013 when compared with 2012 was attributable to lower volatility due to an increase in domestic supplies above forecasted amounts. additionally, natural gas contract volume declined in 2013 when compared with 2012 due to lower volatility caused by fewer weather-related events in early 2013. the decline in refined products contract volume in 2013 when compared with 2012 was due to a decrease in demand in the underlying physical market.
year-over-year change
we believe overall metal contract volumes decreased in 2014 when compared with 2013 due to lower price volatility. prices remained stable due to a strengthening u.s. dollar and the expectation of an increase in u.s. interest rates. in addition, demand for gold continued to slow due to lower economic growth rates in india and china, which are both large consumers of gold.
total metal contract volume increased in 2013 when compared with 2012. we believe the increase in metal contract volume was driven by periods of high price volatility caused by significant changes in macroeconomic market conditions and market sentiment toward gold and silver products. improving economic conditions in the u.s., the federal reserve's stimulus policy, as well as a change in demand in the asian markets contributed to an increase in copper contract volume in 2013 when compared with 2012.
average rate per contract the average rate per contract decreased in 2014 when compared with 2013 due to a shift in the relative mix of product volume. interest rate product volume, when measured as a percentage of total volume, increased by 4 percentage points in 2014, while all other product lines decreased. interest rate contracts have a lower average rate per contract compared with other product lines. in addition, an increase in incentives and discounts on our energy contracts also resulted in a decrease in the average rate per contract in 2014 when compared with 2013.
the decrease in average rate per contract in 2013 when compared with 2012 was attributable to a shift in the relative mix of product volume. in 2013, interest rate product volume, when measured as a percentage of total volume, increased by 5 percentage points, while agricultural commodity product volume decreased by 2 percentage points and equity and energy product volumes decreased by 1 percentage point each when compared with 2012. in addition, the decrease in average rate per contract in 2013 when compared with 2012 resulted from an increase in incentives and discounts on our energy contracts.
concentration of revenue we bill a substantial portion of our clearing and transaction fees to our clearing firms. the majority of clearing and transaction fees received from clearing firms represent charges for trades executed and cleared on behalf of their customers. one firm represented 12% of our clearing and transaction fees revenue in 2014. one firm represented 11% and one firm represented 10% of our clearing and transaction fees revenue in 2013. two firms each represented 12% of our clearing and transaction fees revenue in 2012. should a clearing firm withdraw, we believe that the customer portion of the firm's trading activity would likely transfer to another clearing firm of the exchange. therefore, we do not believe we are exposed to significant risk from an ongoing loss of revenue received from or through a particular clearing firm.
other sources of revenue market data and information services. the increase in market data and information services revenues in 2014 when compared with 2013 was attributable to a $15 fee increase per device for basic real-time market data services at the beginning of 2014. the decline in market data and information services revenue in 2013 when compared with 2012 resulted from a decrease in market data and information services revenues from the dji asset group and cma. in the second quarter of 2012, the dji asset group, including assets which generated market data and information services revenue, was contributed to the mcgraw venture and cma was sold to mcgraw. in addition, declines in the basic device count from 2012 to 2014 were due to cost-cutting initiatives at customer firms as well as continued utilization of a legacy incentive program partially offset the increase in 2014 when compared with 2013 and contributed to the decrease in 2013 when compared with 2012.
the two largest resellers of our market data represented, in aggregate, 44%, 52% and 43% of our market data and information services revenue in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. despite this concentration, we consider exposure to significant risk of revenue loss to be minimal. in the event that one of these vendors no longer subscribes to our market data, we believe the majority of that vendor's customers would likely subscribe to our market data through another reseller. additionally, several of our largest institutional customers that utilize services from our two largest resellers report usage and remit payment of their fees directly to us.
access and communication fees. we launched our co-location services in january 2012. the decreases in revenues from 2012 through 2014 were attributable to a decrease in other connection charges from customers who migrated over to our co-location program. the overall decrease in 2014 when compared with 2013 was partially offset by an increase in revenues from our co-location program due to existing customers migrating from other connections. in 2013 when compared with 2012, revenue generated from our co-location program decreased due to modifications to space and power requirements by customers during the first contract renewal period in early 2013.
other revenue. in 2014, we recognized $1.9 million in fees earned under our technology agreement with bm&fbovespa s.a. compared with $8.7 million in fees in 2013. in 2013, we also recognized $5.1 million of insurance proceeds related to hurricane sandy. these events contributed to the decrease in other revenues in 2014 when compared with 2013 and the increase in other revenues in 2013 when compared with 2012. in addition, we sold the nymex building in the fourth quarter of 2013 and two cbot buildings in april 2012, which resulted in decreases in rental income from 2012 through 2014.
expenses year-over-year change
compensation and benefits                         $552.1                $518.9                $496.7              6      %             4      %
technology support services                         58.2                  53.6                  50.7              9                    6
professional fees and outside services             129.0                 130.3                 126.8             (1      )             3
amortization of purchased intangibles              100.6                 103.0                 116.2             (2      )           (11      )
operating expenses increased by $44.8 million in 2014 when compared with 2013. the following table shows the estimated impact of key factors resulting in the increase in operating expenses.
(dollars in millions)                                                          year-over-yearchange        change as apercentage of2013 expenses salaries, benefits and employer taxes                                                $23.5                                2                    %
foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations                                           20.8                                2
reorganization costs and voluntary exit incentive plan                                18.2                                1
loss on sale of nymex building, net of additional occupancy expenses                 (19.5        )                      (2                    )
operating expenses increased in 2014 when compared with 2013 due to the following reasons:
•   compensation and benefits expense increased as a result of increases in average headcount related to efforts to expand our product offerings and geographic reach as well as to meet additional regulatory requirements. the overall increase in average headcount was partially offset by a global workforce reduction of approximately 150 positions as part of a recently announced reorganization in october 2014. expenses also increased due to annual salary increases and rising healthcare costs.
•   in 2014, we recognized a net loss within other expenses of $15.4 million due to an unfavorable change in exchange rates on foreign cash balances, compared with a net gain of $5.4 million in 2013. gains and losses from exchange rate fluctuations result when subsidiaries with a u.s. dollar functional currency hold cash as well as certain other monetary
assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies. we expect to continue to incur gains and losses from exchange rate fluctuations as long as we maintain those cash balances.
•   severance and other costs related to the reorganization in october 2014 were recognized in the fourth quarter of 2014. additionally, compensation and benefits expenses increased due to our voluntary exit incentive plan in the second quarter of 2014.
•   we recognized professional fees and other expenses related to our proposed transaction with gfi group inc. the agreement with gfi group inc. was terminated in january 2015.
increases in overall operating expenses in 2014 when compared with 2013 where partially offset by the following decreases:
•   in the second quarter of 2014, we recognized the settlement of our claim in the mf global bankruptcy filing as a reduction to other expenses.
•   a decrease in legal and other consulting services related to a security breach in 2013 partially offset the increase in overall expenses in 2014.
•   in november 2013, cme group sold its building in new york. the sale resulted in a loss on disposal of building assets, a write-off of lease-related intangible assets and other transaction-related costs included within other expenses in 2013. the loss as well as depreciation, occupancy and amortization of intangible expense recognized in 2013 was partially offset by higher occupancy expenses in 2014 associated with the new building lease.
operating expenses increased by $76.7 million in 2013 when compared with 2012. the following table shows the estimated impact of key factors resulting in the increase in operating expenses.
(dollars in millions)                               year-over-yearchange        change as apercentage of2012 expenses salaries, benefits and employer taxes                     $29.9                                2                    %
loss on sale of nymex building                             27.1                                2
marketing expense                                          12.7                                1
overall operating expenses increased in 2013 when compared with 2012 due to the following reasons:
•   a rise in salaries, benefits and employer taxes resulting from annual salary increases and rising healthcare costs contributed to an increase in compensation and benefits expense. an increase in average headcount due to efforts to expand and globalize our business also contributed to an increase in expenses in 2013 when compared with 2012.
•   the sale of the building in new york resulted in a loss on disposal of building assets, a write-off of lease-related intangible assets and other transaction-related costs.
•   bonus expense increased due to improved performance relative to our cash earnings target in 2013 when compared with 2012 performance relative to our 2012 cash earnings target.
•   an increase in licensing and other fee agreements resulted from higher volumes for interest rate swap products and certain equity contracts. the increase in licensing and other fee agreements was also due to fees incurred in connection with a licensing agreement with s&amp;p/dji, which was amended in the second quarter of 2012.
•   professional fees increased due to an increase in legal and other consulting services related to a security breach in 2013.
•   marketing expense increased due to new branding initiatives for cme group.
the increase in operating expenses was partially offset by a decrease in expenses due to the contribution of the dji asset group and the sale of cma to mcgraw in june 2012. reduced ongoing expenses resulting from the contribution of the dji asset group and the sale of cma included compensation and benefits, professional fees and outside services, amortization of purchased intangibles as well as other expenses.
non-operating income (expense)
year-over-year change
equity in net earnings (losses) of unconsolidated subsidiaries            84.8                70.5                30.7             20                  130
total non-operating                                                       $3.0              $(36.0   )            $1.4           (108   )             n.m.
n.m. not meaningful investment income. the overall decrease in investment income in 2014 when compared with 2013 was largely due to decreases in dividend income and a reduced gain on marketable securities related to our non-qualified deferred compensation plan. gains and losses from securities in the non-qualified deferred compensation plan are offset by an equal amount of compensation and benefits expense. the decrease was partially offset by an increase in earnings from cash performance bond and guaranty fund contributions that are reinvested. the increase in cash performance bond and guaranty fund contributions was due to an increase in open interest as well as a shift in clearing firm collateral preferences towards cash.
investment income increased in 2013 when compared with 2012 due to an increase in gains on marketable securities related to our non-qualified deferred compensation plan.
interest and other borrowing costs. the following table shows the weighted average borrowings outstanding, weighted average effective yield and average cost of borrowing for the periods presented:
year-over-year change
average cost of borrowing (1)                        4.40                  4.85                  5.24           (0.45     )             (0.39     )
(1) average cost of borrowing includes interest, the effective portion of interest rate hedges, discount accretion and debt issuance costs. commitment fees on line of credit agreements are not included in the average cost of borrowing.
in the first quarter of 2014, we repaid the 5.75% fixed rate notes due february 2014. in the third quarter of 2013, we repaid $750.0 million of 5.4% fixed rate notes due august 2013 and issued $750.0 million of 5.3% fixed rate notes due september 2043. we entered into an interest rate swap agreement that resulted in an effective interest rate of 4.73% on the 5.3% fixed rate notes due september 2043. these factors contributed to a decrease in weighted average borrowings outstanding in 2014 when compared with 2013 and an increase in weighted average borrowings outstanding in 2013 when compared with 2012. these factors also contributed to overall decreases in weighted average effective yield and average cost of borrowing from 2012 through 2014.
interest and other borrowing costs also include commitment fees on our line of credit agreements. commitment fees increased from 2012 to 2014 due to increases in line of credit facilities in the fourth quarter of 2013 and the fourth quarter of 2012 to meet increased regulatory and business requirements.
equity in net earnings (losses) of unconsolidated subsidiaries. higher income generated from our s&p/dji business venture contributed to increases in equity in net earnings (losses) of unconsolidated subsidiaries from 2012 through 2014.
other income (expense). in 2012, we recognized a net gain of $58.9 million related to the contribution of the dji asset group and the sale of cma. additionally, in 2012, we recognized a gain of $5.7 million related to the recovery of a 2008 impairment loss on a corporate debt security held in the nymex securities lending portfolio.
2014              2013          2012   year-over-year change
the overall effective tax rate in 2014 compared with 2013 decreased due to lower deferred income tax expense related to changes in estimates of state and local apportionment factors as well as benefits related to settlements from state and local audits. we also continued to recognize a benefit for the domestic productions activity deduction in 2014. however, the benefits for the domestic production activities recognized in 2014 were lower than the benefits recognized in 2013 because the benefits recognized in 2013 included the impact of refunds claimed for 2008 through 2013.
in 2013, we recognized a benefit for the domestic production activities for 2008 through 2013, which contributed to a decrease in the effective tax rate in 2013 when compared with 2012. the decrease was partially offset by increases in reserves for uncertain tax positions and increases in the deferred income tax expense resulting from a change in state and local apportionment factors in the third quarter of 2013.
liquidity and capital resources cash requirements we have historically met our funding requirements with cash generated by our ongoing operations. while our cost structure is fixed in the short term, our sources of operating cash are largely dependent on contract trading volume levels. we believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to cover our working capital needs, capital expenditures and other commitments. however, it is possible that we may need to raise additional funds to finance our activities through issuances of commercial paper, future public debt offerings or by direct borrowings from financial institutions through our committed revolving credit facilities.
cash will also be required for operating leases and non-cancellable purchase obligations as well as other obligations reflected as long-term liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet at december 31, 2014. these were as follows:
(in millions)             operatingleases            purchaseobligations            debt obligations   otherlong-termliabilities                    total(1)
(1)   the liability for gross unrecognized income tax benefits, including interest and penalties, of $198.6 million for uncertain tax positions are not included in the table due to uncertainty about the date of their settlement.
operating leases include rent payments for office space in chicago, new york and other smaller offices in the united states and in various foreign countries. the operating lease for our headquarters in chicago expires in november 2022. annual minimum rental payments under this lease range from $11.6 million to $13.5 million. we also maintain operating leases for additional office spaces in chicago, which expire in november 2023 and april 2027. annual minimum rental payments under these leases range from $5.4 million to $6.2 million and $3.1 million to $4.3 million, respectively. the operating lease for our office space in new york expires in december 2028. annual minimum rental payments under this lease range from $13.1 million to $24.7 million.
purchase obligations include minimum payments due under agreements to purchase software licenses, hardware, advertising and maintenance as well as telecommunication services. debt obligations include repayment of principal and interest associated with the debt obligations. other long-term liabilities include funding obligations for other post-retirement benefit plans as well as contingent consideration.
future capital expenditures for technology are anticipated as we continue to support our growth through additional investment in our co-location program, increased system capacity, performance improvements as well as improvements to some of our office spaces. each year, capital expenditures are incurred for improvements to and expansion of our offices, remote data
centers, telecommunications network and other operating equipment. in 2015, we expect capital expenditures to total approximately $150.0 million. we continue to monitor our capital needs and may revise our forecasted expenditures as necessary in the future.
we intend to continue to pay a regular quarterly dividend to our shareholders, which remains at approximately 50% of the prior year's cash earnings. the decision to pay a dividend and the amount of the dividend, however, remains within the discretion of our board of directors and may be affected by various factors, including our earnings, financial condition, capital requirements, levels of indebtedness and other considerations our board of directors deems relevant. cme group is also required to comply with restrictions contained in the general corporation laws of its state of incorporation, which could also limit its ability to declare and pay dividends. on february 4, 2015, the board of directors declared a regular quarterly dividend of $0.50 per share. the dividend will be payable on march 25, 2015 to shareholders of record on march 10, 2015. assuming no changes in the number of shares outstanding, the first quarter dividend payment will total approximately $168.0 million. the board of directors also declared an additional, annual variable dividend of $2.00 per share on december 10, 2014 paid on january 13, 2015 to the shareholders of record on december 29, 2014. in general, the amount of the annual variable dividend will be determined by the end of each year, and the level will increase or decrease from year to year based on operating results, potential merger and acquisition activity and other forms of capital return including regular dividends and share buybacks during the prior year.
sources and uses of cash the following is a summary of cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities.
year-over-year change
net cash provided by operating activities                    $1,291.4              $1,280.5              $1,219.7       1         %                5      %
n.m. not meaningful operating activities net cash provided by operating activities remained relatively flat in 2014 when compared with 2013. an increase in cash provided by operating activities due to increased volume was offset by a decrease in net cash provided by operating activities resulting from higher payments of accrued expenses in 2014 when compared with 2013. we paid a higher bonus in 2014 when compared with the bonus payment in 2013. additionally, we had higher payments in 2014 for legal and other consulting services, primarily related to remediation efforts for an information security breach that occurred in 2013.
net cash provided by operating activities increased slightly in 2013 when compared with 2012. net cash provided by operating activities was lower in 2012 due to an additional cash contribution to the cmece guaranty fund in 2012. cash contributed to the guaranty fund is considered restricted and was transferred from cash and cash equivalents to other assets when contributed.
investing activities the increase in cash used in investing activities in 2014 when compared with 2013 and the increase in cash provided by investing activities in 2013 when compared with 2012 were due largely to proceeds from the sale of a building in new york and the settlement of a derivative contract related to our debt offering in 2013. in addition, there were additional investments in business ventures in 2014 and 2012, which contributed to the increase in cash used in investing activities in 2014 when compared with 2013 and an increase in cash provided by investing activities in 2013 when compared with 2012. this increase in 2013 when compared with 2012 was partially offset by the proceeds from the sale of two building properties in april 2012.
financing activities cash used in financing activities was higher in 2014 when compared with 2013. the increase in cash used was attributable to an increase in cash dividends of $0.9 billion in 2014 when compared with 2013. the annual variable dividend from 2013 operations was paid in the first quarter of 2014. the annual variable dividend from 2012 operations was paid in the fourth quarter of 2012 due to uncertainty surrounding dividend income tax treatment beginning in 2013. the increase in cash used was also due to the repayment of the fixed rate notes due february 2014.
cash used in financing activities was higher in 2013 when compared with 2012. the increase was attributable to the repayment of the fixed rate notes due august 2013. the increase in net cash used in financing activities was also due to our purchase of the non-controlling interest the dji asset group from dow jones in the second quarter of 2013. the increase in cash used in
financing activities was partially offset by a decrease in cash dividends of $0.6 billion in 2013 when compared with the same period in 2012. there were two annual dividends paid in 2012, including the annual variable dividend from 2011 operations and the annual variable dividend from 2012 operations.
debt instruments the following table summarizes our debt outstanding as of december 31, 2014:
(in millions)                                                         par value fixed rate notes due march 2018, stated rate of 4.40% (1)          $612.5
fixed rate notes due september 2022, stated rate of 3.00% (2)       750.0
fixed rate notes due september 2043, stated rate of 5.30% (3)       750.0
(1)   in february 2010, we entered into a forward-starting interest rate swap agreement that modified the interest obligation associated with these notes so that the interest payable on the notes effectively became fixed at a rate of 4.46%.
(2)   in august 2012, we entered into a forward-starting interest rate swap agreement that modified the interest obligation associated with these notes so that the interest payable on the notes effectively became fixed at a rate of 3.32%.
(3)   in august 2012, we entered into a forward-starting interest rate swap agreement that modified the interest obligation associated with these notes so that the interest payable effectively became fixed at a rate of 4.73%.
we maintain a $1.8 billion multi-currency revolving senior credit facility with various financial institutions, which matures in january 2016. the proceeds from this facility can be used for general corporate purposes, which includes providing liquidity for our cme clearing house in certain circumstances at cme group's discretion and, if necessary, for maturities of commercial paper. as long as we are not in default under this facility, we have the option to increase it up to $2.5 billion with the consent of the agent and lenders providing the additional funds. this facility is voluntarily pre-payable from time to time without premium or penalty. under this facility, we are required to remain in compliance with a consolidated net worth test, which is defined as our consolidated shareholders' equity at september 30, 2012, giving effect to share repurchases made and special dividends paid during the term of the agreements (and in no event greater than $2.0 billion in aggregate), multiplied by 0.65. we currently do not have any borrowings outstanding under this facility.
we maintain a 364-day multi-currency revolving secured credit facility with a consortium of domestic and international banks to be used in certain situations by our cme clearing house. the facility provides for borrowings of up to $7.0 billion. we may use the proceeds to provide temporary liquidity in the unlikely event of a clearing firm default, in the event of a liquidity constraint or default by a depositary (custodian for our collateral), or in the event of a temporary disruption with the domestic payments system that would delay payment of settlement variation between us and our clearing firms. cme clearing firm guaranty fund contributions received in the form of cash or u.s. treasury securities as well as the performance bond assets of a defaulting firm can be used to collateralize the facility. at december 31, 2014, guaranty fund collateral available was $6.6 billion. we have the option to request an increase in the line from $7.0 billion to $10.0 billion. in addition to the 364-day facility, we also have the option to use the $1.8 billion multi-currency revolving senior credit facility to provide liquidity for our clearing houses in the unlikely event of default in certain circumstances. in addition, our 364-day facility contains a requirement that cme remain in compliance with a consolidated tangible net worth test, defined as cme consolidated shareholder's equity less intangible assets (as defined in the agreement) of not less than $800.0 million. we currently do not have any borrowings outstanding under this facility.
the indentures governing our fixed rate notes, our $1.8 billion multi-currency revolving senior credit facility and our 364-day multi-currency revolving secured credit facility for $7.0 billion do not contain specific covenants that restrict the ability to pay dividends. these documents, however, do contain other customary financial and operating covenants that place restrictions on the operations of the company that could indirectly affect the ability to pay dividends.
at december 31, 2014, we have excess borrowing capacity for general corporate purposes of approximately $1.8 billion under our multi-currency revolving senior credit facilities.
at december 31, 2014, we were in compliance with the various covenant requirements of all our debt facilities.
cme group, as a holding company, has no operations of its own. instead, it relies on dividends declared and paid to it by its subsidiaries in order to provide a portion of the funds which it uses to pay dividends to its shareholders.
to satisfy our performance bond obligation with singapore exchange limited, we may pledge cme-owned u.s. treasury securities in lieu of, or in combination with, irrevocable letters of credit. at december 31, 2014, we had pledged letters of credit totaling $410.0 million.
the following table summarizes our credit ratings as of december 31, 2014:
rating agency               short-termdebt rating   long-termdebt rating   outlook standard &amp; poor's       a1+                     aa-                    stable moody's investors service   p1                      aa3                    stable given our cash flow generation, our ability to pay down debt levels and our ability to refinance existing debt facilities if necessary, we expect to maintain an investment grade rating. if our ratings are downgraded below investment grade due to a change of control, we are required to make an offer to repurchase our fixed rate notes at a price equal to 101% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest.
off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2014, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined by the regulations of the securities and exchange commission.
liquidity and cash management cash and cash equivalents totaled $1.4 billion at december 31, 2014 and $2.5 billion at december 31, 2013. the balance retained in cash and cash equivalents is a function of anticipated or possible short-term cash needs, prevailing interest rates, our investment policy and alternative investment choices. a majority of our cash and cash equivalents balance is invested in money market mutual funds that invest only in u.s. treasury securities or u.s. government agency securities. our exposure to credit and liquidity risk is minimal given the nature of the investments. cash that is not available for general corporate purposes because of regulatory requirements or other restrictions is classified as restricted cash and is included in other current assets or other assets in the consolidated balance sheets.
our practice is to have our pension plan 100% funded at each year end on a projected benefit obligation basis, while also satisfying any minimum required contribution and obtaining the maximum tax deduction. based on our actuarial projections, we estimate that a $21.8 million contribution in 2015 will allow us to meet our funding goal. however, the amount of the actual contribution is contingent on the actual rate of return on our plan assets during 2015 and the december 31, 2015 discount rate.
regulatory requirements cme is regulated by the u.s. commodity futures trading commission (cftc) as a u.s. derivatives clearing organization (dco). dcos are required to maintain capital, as defined by the cftc, in an amount at least equal to one year of projected operating expenses as well as cash, liquid securities, or a line of credit at least equal to six months of projected operating expenses. cme was designated by the financial stability oversight council as a systemically important dco under title viii of the dodd-frank. as a result, cme must comply with the requirements for financial resources and liquidity resources. cme is in compliance with all dco financial requirements.
cme, cbot, nymex and comex are regulated by the cftc as designated contract markets (dcm). dcms are required to maintain capital, as defined by the cftc, in an amount at least equal to one year of projected operating expenses as well as cash, liquid securities or a line of credit at least equal to six months of projected operating expenses. our dcms are in compliance with dcm financial requirements.