we face risk related to our operational, technological and organizational infrastructure.
our ability to grow and compete is dependent on our ability to build or acquire necessary operational, technological and organizational infrastructure. we are embedding technology, data, and software development deeply into our business model and how we work. we are focused on building reusable plug-and-play middleware, developing and designing modern software, integrating our platforms and making them scalable, and building a powerful and flexible data infrastructure. for example, we have substantially completed significant development projects to achieve the systems integration of prior acquisitions and to build
we expect digital technologies to have a significant impact on banking over time. consumers increasingly expect robust digital experiences from their financial services providers. the ability for customers to access their accounts and conduct financial transactions using digital technology, including mobile applications, is an increasingly important aspect of the financial services industry and it impacts our ability to deliver products and services to our customers. to that end, financial institutions are rapidly introducing new digital and other technology-driven products and services, which aim to offer a better customer experience and to reduce costs. we continue to invest in digital technology designed to attract new customers, facilitate the ability of existing customers to conduct financial transactions and enhance the customer experience related to our products and services. our continued success depends, in part, upon our ability to address the needs of our customers by using digital technology to provide products and services that efficiently meet their expectations in a cost-effective manner. the development and launch of new digital products and services depends in large part on our capacity to invest in and build the technology platforms that can enable them. we continue to actively invest in such technology platforms, however, we may fail to implement the correct technology, or may fail to do so in a timely manner as discussed in more detail below under the heading "we face risk related to our operational, technological and organizational infrastructure." as noted above, some of our competitors are substantially larger than we are, which may allow those competitors to invest more money into their technology infrastructure and digital innovation than we do. in addition, we face intense competition from smaller companies which experience lower cost structures and different regulatory requirements than we do, and which may allow them to innovate more rapidly than we can. further, our success depends on our ability to attract and retain strong digital and technology leaders, engineers and other talent, and competition for such talent is intense. if we are unable to attract and retain digital and technology talent, our ability to offer digital products and services and build the necessary technology infrastructure could be negatively affected, which could negatively impact our business and financial results. a failure to maintain or enhance our competitive position with respect to digital products and services, whether because we fail to anticipate customer expectations or because our technological developments fail to perform as desired or are not implemented in a timely or successful manner, could negatively impact our business and financial results.
the results of our individual businesses, which we report on a continuing operations basis, reflect the manner in which management evaluates performance and makes decisions about funding our operations and allocating resources. we may periodically change our business segments or reclassify business segment results based on modifications to our management reporting methodologies and changes in organizational alignment. our business segment results are intended to reflect each segment as if it were a stand-alone business. we use an internal management and reporting process to derive our business segment results. our internal management and reporting process employs various allocation methodologies, including funds transfer pricing, to assign certain balance sheet assets, deposits and other liabilities and their related revenue and expenses directly or indirectly attributable to each business segment. total interest income and net fees are directly attributable to the segment in which they are reported. the net interest income of each segment reflects the results of our funds transfer pricing process, which is primarily based on a matched maturity method that takes into consideration market rates. our funds transfer pricing process provides a funds credit for sources
•   auto: we originate both prime and subprime auto loans. customers are acquired through a network of auto dealers and direct marketing. our auto loans generally have fixed interest rates and loan terms of 72 months or less. loan size limits are customized by program and are generally less than $75,000. similar to credit card accounts, the underwriting criteria are customized for individual products and marketing programs and based on analysis of net present value of expected revenues, expenses and losses, subject to maintaining resilience under a variety of stress conditions. underwriting decisions are generally based on an applicant's income, estimated debt-to-income ratio, and credit bureau information, along with collateral characteristics such as loan-to-value ("ltv") ratio. we generally retain all of our auto loans, though we have securitized and sold auto loans in the past and may do so in the future.