item 1a-risk factors the risks described below could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. these risks are not the only risks that we face. we could also be affected by additional factors that apply to all companies operating in the u.s. and globally, as well as other risks that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial. these risk factors should be carefully reviewed in conjunction with management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in item 7 and our consolidated financial statements and related notes in item 8 of this report.
business and operating risks we are highly dependent on the financial performance of our u.s. and canadian operations.
our financial and operational performance is highly dependent on our u.s. and canadian operations, which comprised 87% and 83% of consolidated net sales and operating income in 2014, respectively. within the u.s., we are highly dependent on our california operations, which comprised 32% of u.s. net sales in 2014. our california market, in general, has a larger percentage of higher volume warehouses as compared to our other domestic markets. any substantial slowing or sustained decline in these operations could materially adversely affect our business and financial results. declines in financial performance of our u.s. operations, particularly in california, and our canadian operations could arise from, among other things: declines in actual or estimated comparable warehouse sales growth rates and expectations; negative trends in operating expenses, including increased labor, healthcare and energy costs; failing to meet targets for warehouse openings; cannibalizing existing locations with new warehouses; shifts in sales mix toward lower gross margin products; changes or uncertainties in economic conditions in our markets, including higher levels of unemployment and depressed home values; and failing to consistently provide high quality products and innovative new products to retain our existing member base and attract new members.
we may be unsuccessful implementing our growth strategy, including expanding our business, both in existing markets and in new markets, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our growth is dependent, in part, on our ability to acquire property and build or lease new warehouses. we compete with other retailers and businesses for suitable locations. local land use and other regulations restricting the construction and operation of our warehouses, as well as local community actions opposed to the location of our warehouses at specific sites and the adoption of local laws restricting our operations and environmental regulations may impact our ability to find suitable locations, and increase the cost of sites and of constructing, leasing and operating our warehouses. we also may have difficulty negotiating leases or real estate purchase agreements on acceptable terms. in addition, certain jurisdictions have enacted or proposed laws and regulations that would prevent or restrict the operation or expansion plans of certain large retailers and warehouse clubs, including us, within their jurisdictions. failure to manage these and other similar factors effectively may affect our ability to timely build or lease new warehouses, which could have a material adverse effect on our future growth and profitability.
we seek to expand our business in existing markets in order to attain a greater overall market share. a new warehouse may draw members away from our existing warehouses and adversely affect comparable warehouse sales performance and member traffic at those existing warehouses.
we intend to continue to open warehouses in new markets. the risks associated with entering a new market include difficulties in attracting members due to a lack of familiarity with us, attracting members of other wholesale club operators currently operating in the new market, our lack of familiarity with local member preferences, and seasonal differences in the market. in addition, entry into new markets may bring us into competition with new competitors or with existing competitors with a large, established market presence. in new markets, we cannot ensure that our new warehouses will be profitably deployed and, as a result, our future profitability could be delayed or otherwise materially adversely affected.
our failure to maintain positive membership loyalty and brand recognition could adversely affect our results of operations.
membership loyalty is essential to our business model. the extent to which we achieve growth in our membership base, increase the penetration of our executive members, and sustain high renewal rates materially influences our profitability. damage to our brands or reputation may negatively impact comparable warehouse sales, diminish member trust, and reduce member renewal rates and, accordingly, membership fee revenues, negatively impacting our results of operations.
in addition, we sell many products under our owned and exclusive kirkland signature brand. maintaining consistent product quality, competitive pricing, and availability of our kirkland signature products for our members is essential to developing and maintaining member loyalty. these products also generally carry higher margins than national brand products and represent
item 1a-risk factors (continued)
a growing portion of our overall sales. if the kirkland signature brand experiences a loss of member acceptance or confidence, our sales and gross margin results could be adversely affected.
disruptions in our depot operations could adversely affect sales and member satisfaction.
we depend on the orderly operation of the merchandise receiving and distribution process, primarily through our depots. although we believe that our receiving and distribution process is efficient, unforeseen disruptions in operations due to fires, hurricanes, earthquakes or other catastrophic events, labor shortages or shipping problems, may result in delays in the delivery of merchandise to our warehouses, which could adversely affect sales and the satisfaction of our members.
we rely extensively on computer systems to process transactions, summarize results, and manage our business. failure to adequately update our systems and disruptions in both our primary and back-up systems could harm our ability to run our business and adversely affect our results of operations.
given the very high volume of transactions we process each year it is important that we maintain uninterrupted operation of our business-critical computer systems. our computer systems, including our back-up systems, are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, internal or external security breaches, catastrophic events such as fires, earthquakes, tornadoes and hurricanes, and errors by our employees. if our computer systems or our back-up systems are damaged or cease to function properly, we may have to make significant investments to fix or replace them, and we may suffer interruptions in our operations in the interim. any material interruption in our computer systems could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
we are currently making, and will continue to make, significant technology investments to improve or replace our information processes and systems that are key to managing our business. we must monitor and choose the right investments and implement them at the right pace. the risk of system disruption is increased when significant system changes are undertaken, although we believe that our change management process can mitigate this risk. excessive technological change could impact the effectiveness of adoption, and could make it more difficult for us to realize benefits from the technology. targeting the wrong opportunities, failing to make the best investments, or making an investment commitment significantly above or below our needs could result in the loss of our competitive position and adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. additionally, the potential problems and interruptions associated with implementing technology initiatives could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations in the short term. these initiatives might not provide the anticipated benefits or may provide them on a delayed schedule or at a higher cost.
if we do not maintain the privacy and security of member-related and other business information, we could damage our reputation with members, incur substantial additional costs, and become subject to litigation.
we receive, retain, and transmit certain personal information about our members and entrust that information to third party business associates, including cloud service providers who perform activities for us. our online business, which operates websites in the u.s., canada, u.k., and mexico, depends upon the secure transmission of encrypted confidential information over public networks, including information permitting cashless payments. a compromise of our security systems or those of our business associates that results in our members' personal information being obtained by unauthorized persons could adversely affect our reputation with our members and others, as well as our operations, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and could result in litigation against us or the imposition of penalties. in addition, a security breach could require that we expend significant additional resources related to the security of information systems and could result in a disruption of our operations.
additionally, the use of individually identifiable data by our business and our business associates is regulated at the national and local or state level in all of our operating countries. privacy and information security laws and regulations change, and compliance with them may result in cost increases due to necessary systems changes and the development of new administrative processes. if we, or those with whom we share information, fail to comply with these laws and regulations or experience a data security breach, our reputation could be damaged, possibly resulting in lost future business, and we could be subjected to additional legal risk as a result of non-compliance.
our security measures may be undermined due to the actions of outside parties, employee error, malfeasance, or otherwise, and, as a result, an unauthorized party may obtain access to our data systems and misappropriate business and personal information. because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and may not immediately produce signs of intrusion, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques, timely discover them, or implement adequate preventative measures. any such breach or unauthorized access could result in significant legal and financial exposure, damage to our reputation, and potentially have an adverse effect on our business.
item 1a-risk factors (continued)
we are subject to payment related risks.
we accept payments using a variety of methods, including cash and checks, a select variety of credit and debit cards, and our proprietary cash card. as we offer new payment options to our members, we may be subject to additional rules, regulations, compliance requirements, and higher fraud losses. for certain payment methods, we pay interchange and other related card acceptance fees, along with additional transaction processing fees which may increase over time and raise our operating costs. we rely on third parties to provide payment transaction processing services, including the processing of credit and debit cards, and our proprietary cash card, and it could temporarily disrupt our business if these companies become unwilling or unable to provide these services to us. we are also subject to payment card association rules and network operating rules, including data security rules, certification requirements and rules governing electronic funds transfers, which could change over time. if we fail to comply with these rules or transaction processing requirements, we may not be able to accept certain payment methods. in addition, if our internal systems are breached or compromised, we may be liable for banks' compromised card re-issuance costs, subject to fines and higher transaction fees and lose our ability to accept credit and/or debit card payments from our members, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected.
we are subject to the risks of selling unsafe products which could result in illness or injury to our members, harm our reputation, and subject us to litigation.
if our merchandise offerings, including food and prepared food products for human consumption, drugs, children's products, pet products, and durable goods do not meet or are perceived not to meet applicable safety standards or our members' expectations regarding safety, we could experience lost sales, increased costs and be exposed to legal and reputational risk. the sale of these items involves the risk of health-related illness or injury to our members. such illnesses or injuries could result from tampering by unauthorized third parties, product contamination or spoilage, including the presence of foreign objects, substances, chemicals, other agents, or residues introduced during the growing, manufacturing, storage, handling and transportation phases, or faulty design. our vendors are generally contractually required to comply with applicable product safety laws, and we are dependent on them to ensure that the products we buy comply with all safety standards. while we are subject to governmental inspection and regulations and work to comply in all material respects with applicable laws and regulations, we cannot be sure that consumption or use of our products will not cause a health-related illness or injury in the future or that we will not be subject to claims, lawsuits, or government investigations relating to such matters resulting in costly product recalls and other liabilities that could adversely affect our business and results of operations. even if a product liability claim is unsuccessful or is not fully pursued, the negative publicity surrounding any assertion that our products caused illness or injury could adversely affect our reputation with existing and potential members and our corporate and brand image and these effects could be long term.
we may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer trends, which could negatively affect our relationship with our members, the demand for our products and services, and our market share.
it is difficult to consistently and successfully predict the products and services our members will desire. our success depends, in part, on our ability to identify and respond to trends in demographics and consumer preferences. failure to timely identify or effectively respond to changing consumer tastes, preferences (including those relating to sustainability of product sources) and spending patterns could negatively affect our relationship with our members, the demand for our products and services and our market share. if we are not successful at predicting our sales trends and adjusting our purchases accordingly, we may have excess inventory, which could result in additional markdowns and reduce our operating performance. this could have an adverse effect on margins (net sales less merchandise costs) and operating income.
if we do not successfully develop and maintain a relevant multichannel experience for our members, our results of operations could be adversely impacted.
multichannel retailing is rapidly evolving and we must keep pace with changing member expectations and new developments by our competitors. our members are increasingly using computers, tablets, mobile phones, and other devices to shop online. as part of our multichannel strategy, we are making technology investments in our websites and mobile applications. if we are unable to make, improve, or develop relevant member-facing technology in a timely manner, our ability to compete and our results of operations could be adversely affected.
our inability to attract, train and retain highly qualified employees could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our success depends to a significant degree on the continued contributions of members of our senior management and other key operations, merchandising and administrative personnel, and the loss of these contributions could have a material adverse
item 1a-risk factors (continued)
effect on our business. we must attract, train and retain a large and growing number of highly qualified employees, while controlling related labor costs and maintaining our core values. our ability to control labor and benefit costs is subject to numerous external factors, including regulatory changes, prevailing wage rates, and healthcare and other insurance costs. we compete with other retail and non-retail businesses for these employees and invest significant resources in training and motivating them. there is no assurance that we will be able to attract or retain highly qualified employees in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
market and other external risks we face strong competition from other retailers and warehouse club operators, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the retail business is highly competitive. we compete for customers, employees, sites, products and services and in other important respects with a wide range of local, regional and national wholesalers and retailers, both in the united states and in foreign countries, including other warehouse club operators, supermarkets, supercenters, department and specialty stores, gasoline stations, and internet retailers. such retailers and warehouse club operators compete in a variety of ways, including merchandise pricing, selection and availability, services, location, convenience, and store hours. the evolution of retailing in online and mobile channels has improved the ability of customers to comparison shop with digital devices, which has enhanced competition. some competitors may have greater financial resources, better access to merchandise and greater market penetration than we do. our inability to respond effectively to competitive pressures, changes in the retail markets and member expectations could result in lost market share and negatively affect our financial results.
general economic factors, domestically and internationally, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
higher energy and gasoline costs, inflation, levels of unemployment, healthcare costs, consumer debt levels, foreign currency exchange rates, unsettled financial markets, weaknesses in housing and real estate markets, reduced consumer confidence, changes related to government fiscal and tax policies, sovereign debt crises, and other economic factors could adversely affect demand for our products and services or require a change in the mix of products we sell. prices of certain commodity products, including gasoline and other food products, are historically volatile and are subject to fluctuations arising from changes in domestic and international supply and demand, labor costs, competition, market speculation, government regulations, taxes and periodic delays in delivery. rapid and significant changes in commodity prices may affect our sales and profit margins. these factors could also increase our merchandise costs and selling, general and administrative expenses, and otherwise adversely affect our operations and financial results. general economic conditions can also be affected by the outbreak of war, acts of terrorism, or other significant national or international events.
vendors may be unable to supply us with quality merchandise at the right prices in a timely manner or may fail to adhere to our high standards resulting in adverse effects on our business, merchandise inventories, sales, and profit margins.
we depend heavily on our ability to purchase merchandise in sufficient quantities at competitive prices. we have no assurances of continued supply, pricing or access to new products, and any vendor could at any time change the terms upon which it sells to us or discontinue selling to us. member demands may lead to out-of-stock positions of our merchandise leading to loss of sales and profits.
we purchase our merchandise from numerous domestic and foreign manufacturers and importers and have thousands of vendor relationships. our inability to acquire suitable merchandise on acceptable terms or the loss of key vendors could negatively affect us. we may not be able to develop relationships with new vendors, and products from alternative sources, if any, may be of a lesser quality or more expensive than those from existing vendors. because of our efforts to adhere to high quality standards for which available supply may be limited, particularly for certain food items, the large volume we demand may not be consistently available.
our suppliers (and those they depend upon for materials and services) are subject to risks, including labor disputes, union organizing activities, financial liquidity, inclement weather, natural disasters, supply constraints, and general economic and political conditions that could limit their ability to timely provide us with acceptable merchandise. for these or other reasons, one or more of our suppliers might not adhere to our quality control, legal or regulatory standards. these deficiencies may delay or preclude delivery of merchandise to us and might not be identified before we sell such merchandise to our members. this failure could lead to litigation and recalls, which could damage our reputation and our brands, increase our costs, and otherwise adversely impact our business.
item 1a-risk factors (continued)
natural disasters or other catastrophic events could negatively affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
natural disasters, such as hurricanes, typhoons or earthquakes, particularly in california or in washington state, where our centralized operating systems and administrative personnel are located, could negatively affect our operations and financial performance. such events could result in physical damage to one or more of our properties, the temporary closure of one or more warehouses or depots, the temporary lack of an adequate work force in a market, the temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of products from some local or overseas suppliers, the temporary disruption in the transport of goods to or from overseas, delays in the delivery of goods to our warehouses or depots within the countries in which we operate, and the temporary reduction in the availability of products in our warehouses. public health issues, whether occurring in the u.s. or abroad, could disrupt our operations, disrupt the operations of suppliers or members, or have an adverse impact on consumer spending and confidence levels. these events could also reduce demand for our products or make it difficult or impossible to receive products from suppliers. we may be required to suspend operations in some or all of our locations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
factors associated with climate change could adversely affect our business.
we use natural gas, diesel fuel, gasoline, and electricity in our distribution and warehouse operations. increased u.s. and foreign government and agency regulations to limit carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions may result in increased compliance costs and legislation or regulation affecting energy inputs that could materially affect our profitability. in addition, climate change could affect our ability to procure needed commodities at costs and in quantities we currently experience. we also sell a substantial amount of gasoline, the demand for which could be impacted by concerns about climate change and which also could face increased regulation. climate change may be associated with extreme weather conditions, such as more intense hurricanes, thunderstorms, tornadoes and snow or ice storms, as well as rising sea levels. extreme weather conditions increase our costs and damage resulting from extreme weather may not be fully insured.
failure to meet market expectations for our financial performance could adversely affect the market price and volatility of our stock.
we believe that the price of our stock generally reflects high market expectations for our future operating results. any failure to meet or delay in meeting these expectations, including our comparable warehouse sales growth rates, margins, earnings and earnings per share or new warehouse openings could cause the market price of our stock to decline, as could changes in our dividend or stock repurchase policies.
legal and regulatory risks our international operations subject us to risks associated with the legislative, judicial, accounting, regulatory, political and economic factors specific to the countries or regions in which we operate which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
during 2014, our international operations, including canada, generated 28% of our consolidated net sales. we plan to continue expanding our international operations. as a result of these expansion activities in countries outside the u.s., we expect that our international operations could account for a larger portion of our net sales in future years. future operating results internationally could be negatively affected by a variety of factors, many similar to those we face in the u.s., but many of which are beyond our control. these factors include political conditions, economic conditions, regulatory constraints, currency regulations and exchange rates, and other matters in any of the countries or regions in which we operate, now or in the future. other factors that may impact international operations include foreign trade, monetary and fiscal policies and the laws and regulations of the u.s. and foreign governments, agencies and similar organizations, and risks associated with having major facilities located in countries which have been historically less stable than the u.s. risks inherent in international operations also include, among others, the costs and difficulties of managing international operations, adverse tax consequences, and greater difficulty in enforcing intellectual property rights. additionally, foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations could have an adverse impact on our future costs or on future profits and cash flows from our international operations.
item 1a-risk factors (continued)
changes in accounting standards and subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by management related to complex accounting matters could significantly affect our financial condition and results of operations.
generally accepted accounting principles and related accounting pronouncements, implementation guidelines, and interpretations with regard to a wide range of matters that are relevant to our business, including, but not limited to, revenue recognition, investments, merchandise inventories, vendor rebates and other vendor consideration, impairment of long-lived assets, self-insurance liabilities, and income taxes are highly complex and involve many subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by our management. changes in these rules or their interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions, estimates or judgments by our management could significantly change our reported or expected financial performance.
provisions for losses related to self-insured risks are generally based upon independent actuarially determined estimates. the assumptions underlying the ultimate costs of existing claim losses can be highly unpredictable, which can affect the liability recorded for such claims. for example, variability in inflation rates of health care costs inherent in these claims can affect the amounts realized. similarly, changes in legal trends and interpretations, as well as a change in the nature and method of how claims are settled can impact ultimate costs. although our estimates of liabilities incurred do not anticipate significant changes in historical trends for these variables, any changes could have a considerable effect upon future claim costs and currently recorded liabilities and could materially impact our consolidated financial statements.
we compute our income tax provision based on enacted tax rates in the countries in which we operate. as the tax rates vary among countries, a change in earnings attributable to the various jurisdictions in which we operate could result in an unfavorable change in our overall tax provision. additionally, changes in the enacted tax rates, adverse outcomes in connection with income tax audits in any jurisdiction, including transfer pricing disputes, or any change in the pronouncements relating to accounting for income taxes could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
significant changes in, or failure to comply with, federal, state, regional, local and international laws and regulations relating to the use, storage, discharge and disposal of hazardous materials, hazardous and non-hazardous wastes and other environmental matters could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we are subject to a wide variety of federal, state, regional, local and international laws and regulations relating to the use, storage, discharge and disposal of hazardous materials, hazardous and non-hazardous wastes and other environmental matters. any failure to comply with these laws could result in significant costs to satisfy environmental compliance, remediation or compensatory requirements, or the imposition of severe penalties or restrictions on operations by governmental agencies or courts that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we are involved in a number of legal proceedings and audits and some of these outcomes could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our business requires compliance with many laws and regulations. failure to achieve compliance could subject us to lawsuits and other proceedings, and lead to damage awards, fines and penalties. we are, or may become involved, in a number of legal proceedings and audits including grand jury investigations, government and agency investigations, and consumer, employment, tort, unclaimed property laws, and other litigation (see discussion of legal proceedings in note 10 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report). we cannot predict with certainty the outcomes of these legal proceedings and other contingencies, including environmental remediation and other proceedings commenced by governmental authorities. the outcome of some of these legal proceedings, audits, unclaimed property laws, and other contingencies could require us to take, or refrain from taking, actions which could negatively affect our operations or could require us to pay substantial amounts of money adversely affecting our financial condition and results of operations. additionally, defending against these lawsuits and proceedings may involve significant expense and diversion of management's attention and resources.
item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (amounts in millions, except per share, share, membership fee, and warehouse count data)
overview we believe that the most important driver of increasing our profitability is sales growth, particularly comparable sales growth. we define comparable warehouse sales as sales from warehouses open for more than one year, including remodels, relocations and expansions, as well as online sales related to websites operating for more than one year. comparable sales growth is achieved through increasing the shopping frequency from new and existing members and the amount they spend on each visit. sales comparisons can also be particularly influenced by two factors that are beyond our control, including fluctuations in currency exchange rates (with respect to the consolidation of the results of our international operations) and changes in the cost of gasoline and associated competitive conditions (primarily impacting domestic operations). the higher our comparable sales exclusive of these items, the more we can leverage certain of our selling, general and administrative expenses, reducing them as a percentage of sales and enhancing profitability. generating comparable sales growth is foremost a question of making available to our members the right merchandise at the right prices, a skill that we believe we have repeatedly demonstrated over the long term. another substantial factor in sales growth is the health of the economies in which we do business, especially the united states. sales growth and gross margins are also impacted by our competition, which is vigorous and widespread, including a wide range of global, national and regional wholesalers and retailers, including supermarkets, supercenters, department and specialty stores, gasoline stations, and internet-based retailers. while we cannot control or reliably predict general economic health or changes in competition, we believe that we have been successful historically in adapting our business to these changes, such as through adjustments to our pricing and to our merchandise mix, including increasing the penetration of our private label items.
our philosophy is to provide our members with quality goods and services at the most competitive prices. we do not focus in the short term on maximizing prices that our members can be charged, but instead seek to maintain what we believe is a perception among our members of our "pricing authority" - consistently providing the most competitive values. our investments in merchandise pricing can, from time to time, include reducing prices on merchandise to drive sales or meet competition and holding prices steady despite cost increases instead of passing the increases on to our members, all negatively impacting near-term gross margin as a percentage of sales. we believe our gasoline business draws members to our warehouses, but it has a lower gross margin as a percentage of net sales relative to our non-gasoline business. a higher penetration of gasoline sales will generally lower our gross margin as a percentage of net sales.
we also achieve sales growth by opening new warehouses. as our warehouse base grows however, available and desirable potential sites become more difficult and potentially more expensive to secure, and square footage growth may become a comparatively less substantial component of sales growth. the negative aspects of such growth, including lower initial operating profitability relative to existing warehouses and cannibalization of sales at existing warehouses when openings occur in existing markets, are increasingly less significant relative to the results of our total operations. our rate of square footage growth is higher in foreign markets, due to the smaller base in those markets, and we expect that to continue.
our membership format is an integral part of our business model and has a significant effect on our profitability. this format is designed to reinforce member loyalty and provide continuing fee revenue. the extent to which we achieve growth in our membership base, increase the penetration of our executive members, and sustain high renewal rates, materially influences our profitability.
our financial performance also depends heavily on our ability to control costs. while we believe that we have achieved successes in this area historically, some significant costs are partially outside our control, most particularly health care and utility expenses. with respect to expenses relating to the compensation of our employees, our philosophy is not to seek to minimize the wages and benefits that they earn. rather, we believe that achieving our longer-term objectives of reducing employee turnover and enhancing employee satisfaction requires maintaining compensation levels that are better than the industry average for much of our workforce. this may cause us, for example, to absorb costs that other employers might seek to pass through to their workforces. because our business is operated on very low margins, modest changes in various items in the income statement, particularly gross margin and selling, general and administrative expenses, can have substantial impacts on net income.
our operating model is generally the same across our u.s., canada, and other international operating segments (see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report). certain countries in the other international segment have relatively higher rates of square footage growth, lower wages and benefit costs as a percentage of country sales, and/or less direct membership warehouse competition. additionally, we operate our gasoline business only in the u.s., canada, australia, and u.k.
in discussions of our consolidated operating results, we refer to the impact of changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar, which are references to the differences between the foreign-exchange rates we use to convert the financial results of our international operations from local currencies into u.s. dollars for financial reporting purposes. this impact of foreign-
item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (amounts in millions, except per share, share, membership fee, and warehouse count data) (continued)
exchange rate changes is calculated based on the difference between the current period's currency exchange rates and the comparable prior-year period's currency exchange rates.
•   net sales increased 7% to $110,212, driven by a 4% increase in comparable sales and sales at warehouses opened in 2013 and 2014. net and comparable sales were negatively impacted by changes in certain foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar;
•   membership fees increased 6% to $2,428, primarily due to membership sign-ups at existing and new warehouses and executive membership upgrades, partially offset by the negative impact of changes in certain foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar;
•   gross margin (net sales less merchandise costs) as a percentage of net sales increased four basis points;
•   selling, general and administrative (sg&amp;a) expenses as a percentage of net sales increased seven basis points, primarily due to continued investment in modernizing our information systems;
•   net income in 2014 increased to $2,058, or $4.65 per diluted share compared to $2,039, or $4.63 per diluted share in 2013. the prior year results were positively impacted by a $62 tax benefit, or $0.14 per diluted share, in connection with the special cash dividend paid to the company's 401(k) plan participants;
•   changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar adversely impacted diluted earnings per share by $0.10, primarily due to changes in the canadian dollar; and
•   the board of directors approved an increase in the quarterly cash dividend from $0.31 to $0.355 per share in april 2014.
item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (amounts in millions, except per share, share, membership fee, and warehouse count data) (continued)
results of operations net sales
increases in comparable warehouse sales excluding the impact of gasoline price and foreign currency changes(1):
net sales net sales increased $7,342 or 7% during 2014. this was attributable to a 4% increase in comparable warehouse sales, and sales at warehouses opened in 2013 and 2014. changes in foreign currencies negatively impacted net sales by approximately $1,336, or 130 basis points, compared to 2013. the negative impact was primarily due to the canadian dollar of approximately $1,140 and the japanese yen of approximately $311. changes in gasoline prices negatively impacted net sales by approximately $364, or 35 basis points, due to a 3% decrease in average sales price per gallon.
comparable sales comparable sales increased 4% during 2014 and were primarily impacted by an increase in shopping frequency. changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar and gasoline prices negatively impacted comparable sales results, including the average amount spent by our members during 2014. in local currencies, international comparable sales increased 7%; 9% in canada and 4% in our other international segment. the increase in comparable sales also includes the negative impact of cannibalization (established warehouses losing sales to our newly opened locations), primarily in our other international operations.
net sales net sales increased $5,808 or 6% during 2013. this increase was attributable to a 6% increase in comparable warehouse sales and sales at warehouses opened in 2012 and 2013, partially offset by the impact of one additional week of sales in 2012. changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar negatively impacted net sales by approximately $208, or 21 basis points during 2013. the negative impact was primarily due to the japanese yen of approximately $354, partially offset by a positive impact of the mexican peso of approximately $127. changes in gasoline prices were immaterial to the change in net sales.
item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (amounts in millions, except per share, share, membership fee, and warehouse count data) (continued)
comparable sales comparable sales increased 6% during 2013 and were positively impacted by increases in both shopping frequency and the average amount spent by our members. changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar and gasoline prices were immaterial to the change in comparable sales. the increase in comparable sales includes the negative impact of cannibalization.
membership fees as a percentage of net sales        2.20   %            2.22   %            2.13   %
membership fees increased 6% in 2014. this increase was primarily due to membership sign-ups at existing and new warehouses and increased number of upgrades to our higher-fee executive membership program. the raising of our membership fees in fiscal 2012 positively impacted 2014 by $9. these increases were partially offset by changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar, which negatively impacted membership fees by approximately $35 in 2014. our member renewal rates are currently 91% in the u.s. and canada and 87% worldwide.
we increased our annual membership fees in the u.s. and canada effective november 1, 2011, for new members, and january 1, 2012, for renewal members. we account for membership fee revenue, net of refunds, on a deferred basis, whereby revenue is recognized ratably over the one-year membership period.
membership fees increased 10% in 2013. the increase was primarily due to raising our annual membership fees and membership sign-ups at both existing and new warehouses. the fee increase had a positive impact on membership fee revenues of approximately $119 and $37 in 2013 and 2012, respectively. these increases were partially offset by the impact of one additional week of membership fees in 2012.
gross margin as a percentage of net sales         10.66   %             10.62   %           10.55   %
gross margin as a percentage of net sales increased four basis points. gross margin in our core merchandise categories (food and sundries, hardlines, softlines, and fresh foods) when expressed as a percentage of net sales increased six basis points, primarily due to increases in our softlines and food and sundries categories, partially offset by a decrease in hardlines. fresh foods also had a positive impact as a result of higher sales penetration. warehouse ancillary and other businesses gross margin when expressed as a percentage of net sales increased by six basis points. gross margin as a percentage of net sales was negatively impacted by seven basis points primarily due to a $28 lifo inventory charge in 2014 compared to a $27 benefit in 2013 and a nonrecurring legal settlement that increased gross margin in 2013. the lifo charge resulted from higher costs for our merchandise inventories, primarily our foods and fresh foods categories. excluding the effect of gasoline price deflation on net sales, gross margin as a percentage of net sales increased one basis point. changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar negatively impacted gross margin by $151 in 2014.
gross margin in our core merchandise categories when expressed as a percentage of their own merchandise category sales increased seven basis points. the changes in the individual merchandise categories are consistent with the discussion above.
item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (amounts in millions, except per share, share, membership fee, and warehouse count data) (continued)
when expressed as a percentage of the segment's own sales, gross margin increased in our u.s. operations, primarily due to our softlines and food and sundries categories, partially offset by a decrease in hardlines and the lifo charge and legal settlement discussed above. the gross margin percentage in our canadian operations decreased, primarily due to decreases in hardlines and food and sundries, partially offset by an increase in fresh foods. the gross margin percentage in our other international segment increased, primarily due to fresh foods.
gross margin as a percentage of net sales increased seven basis points. gross margin in our core merchandise categories when expressed as a percentage of net sales decreased four basis points, primarily due to a decrease in fresh foods as a result of our continued investment in merchandise pricing. warehouse ancillary and other businesses gross margin when expressed as a percentage of net sales increased by six basis points, predominately in our optical and hearing aid businesses. additionally, gross margin was positively impacted by five basis points due to a $27 lifo inventory benefit in 2013, compared to a charge of $21 in 2012, and two basis points due to a legal settlement. the lifo benefit resulted from lower costs for our merchandise inventories, primarily hardlines. executive membership 2% reward program negatively impacted gross margin by two basis points, due to increased spending by executive members.
gross margin for core merchandise categories when expressed as a percentage of core merchandise sales (rather than total net sales) decreased two basis points, primarily due to a decrease in fresh foods.
when expressed as a percentage of the segment's own sales, gross margin increased in our u.s. operations primarily due to improvements in warehouse ancillary and other businesses. the lifo benefit and legal settlement also benefited our u.s. operations. these improvements were slightly offset by a decrease in fresh foods. the gross margin percentage in our canadian operations was flat, resulting from a decrease in fresh foods, offset by increases in warehouse ancillary and other businesses. the gross margin percentage in our other international segment decreased, primarily in fresh foods.
sg&amp;a expenses as a percentage of net sales        9.89   %            9.82   %            9.81   %
sg&a expenses as a percentage of net sales increased seven basis points. excluding the effect of gasoline price deflation on net sales, sg&a expenses as a percentage of net sales increased four basis points. this increase was largely due to an increase in central operating costs of three basis points primarily due to continued investment in modernizing our information systems, primarily incurred by our u.s. operations. stock compensation expense was also higher by two basis points due to accelerated vesting for long service and appreciation in the trading price of our stock, despite a 14% reduction in the average number of rsus granted to each participant. see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report for discussion of accelerated vesting. warehouse operating costs were lower by one basis point, primarily resulting from improvements in payroll in our canadian operations as a result of leveraging increased sales, partially offset by increases in employee benefit costs, primarily health care, in our u.s. operations. changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar decreased our sg&a expenses by $119 in 2014.
sg&a expenses as a percentage of net sales increased one basis point. this increase was driven by higher stock compensation expense of three basis points, partially offset by contributions made to an initiative reforming alcohol beverage laws in washington state in the first quarter of 2012, with no comparable charge in 2013, which resulted in a positive impact of two basis points. central operating costs as a percent of net sales were flat, primarily due to the benefit of lower non-equity incentive compensation costs as a result of not meeting certain internal performance targets. this was offset by higher central operating costs, predominately related to the continued investment in modernizing our information systems, primarily incurred by our u.s. operations. warehouse operating costs as a percentage of net sales were flat, primarily due to leveraging payroll costs in our u.s. and canadian operations as a result of increased net sales which was offset by increases in other operating costs, primarily employee benefits and workers' compensation.
item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (amounts in millions, except per share, share, membership fee, and warehouse count data) (continued)
preopening expenses include costs for startup operations related to new warehouses, development in new international markets, and expansions at existing warehouses. preopening expenses vary due to the number of warehouse openings, the timing of the opening relative to our year-end, whether the warehouse is owned or leased, and whether the opening is in an existing, new, or international market. during the fourth quarter we opened our first warehouse in spain.
interest expense in 2014 primarily relates to our $1,100 of 5.5% senior notes issued in fiscal 2007 and our $3,500 of senior notes issued in december 2012 (described in further detail under the heading "cash flows from financing activities" and in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report).
the increase in interest income in 2014 was primarily driven by higher average cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments balances, primarily in our u.s. operations. the decrease in net foreign-currency transaction gains was primarily attributable to the revaluation or settlement of monetary assets and monetary liabilities during the year, primarily our japanese subsidiary's u.s. dollar-denominated payables. see derivatives and foreign currency sections in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report.
the decrease in interest income in 2013 was primarily attributable to lower interest rates earned on our u.s. cash balances. there was a decrease in the positive impact of net foreign-currency transaction gains resulting from the revaluation or settlement of monetary assets and monetary liabilities during the year. this was partially offset by a positive impact of mark-to-market adjustments related to foreign exchange contracts entered into by our foreign subsidiaries, as the u.s. dollar was slightly stronger in certain international locations compared to 2012.
item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (amounts in millions, except per share, share, membership fee, and warehouse count data) (continued)
our provision for income taxes for 2013 was favorably impacted by nonrecurring net tax benefits of $77, primarily due to a $62 tax benefit recorded in connection with the special cash dividend paid to employees through our 401(k) retirement plan. dividends paid on these shares are deductible for u.s. income tax purposes.
liquidity and capital resources the following table summarizes our significant sources and uses of cash and cash equivalents:
net cash provided by operating activities                    $3,984              $3,437              $3,057
our primary sources of liquidity are cash flows generated from warehouse operations, cash and cash equivalents and short-term investment balances. cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments were $7,315 and $6,124 at the end of 2014 and 2013, respectively. of these balances, approximately $1,383 and $1,254 at the end of 2014 and 2013, respectively, represented debit and credit card receivables, primarily related to sales in the last week of our fiscal year.
in the fourth quarter of 2014, we changed our position regarding a portion of the undistributed earnings of our canadian operations, which is no longer considered permanently reinvested. current exchange rates compared to historical rates when these earnings were generated resulted in an immaterial u.s. tax liability, which was recorded at the end of 2014. canadian withholding taxes, which are creditable against federal income taxes, have also been accrued on the amount expected to be repatriated.
management believes that our cash position and operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our capital requirements for the foreseeable future. we have not provided for u.s. deferred taxes on cumulative undistributed earnings of certain non-u.s. consolidated subsidiaries as we deem such earnings to be indefinitely reinvested. this includes the remaining undistributed earnings of our canadian operations that management continues to assert are indefinitely reinvested. we believe that our u.s. current and projected asset position is sufficient to meet our u.s. liquidity requirements and have no current plans to repatriate for use in the u.s. cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments held by these non-u.s. consolidated subsidiaries. cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments held at these subsidiaries and considered to be indefinitely reinvested totaled $1,809 at august 31, 2014.
cash flows from operating activities net cash provided by operating activities totaled $3,984 in 2014 compared to $3,437 in 2013. our cash flow provided by operations is primarily derived from net sales and membership fees. our cash flow used in operations generally consists of payments to our merchandise vendors, warehouse operating costs including payroll and employee benefits, credit card processing fees, and utilities. cash used in operations also includes payments for income taxes.
cash flows from investing activities net cash used in investing activities totaled $2,093 in 2014 compared to $2,251 in 2013. our cash flow used in investing activities is primarily related to funding our warehouse expansion and remodeling activities. net cash flows from investing activities also includes purchases and maturities of short-term investments.
capital expenditure plans we opened 30 new warehouses and one new depot in 2014 and plan to open up to 35 new warehouses in 2015, including the relocation of four warehouses. our primary requirement for capital is the financing of land, buildings, and equipment for new and remodeled warehouses. to a lesser extent, capital is required for initial warehouse operations, the modernization of our
item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (amounts in millions, except per share, share, membership fee, and warehouse count data) (continued)
information systems, and working capital. in 2014 we spent $1,993 on capital expenditures, and it is our current intention to spend approximately $2,500 to $2,700 during fiscal 2015. these expenditures are expected to be financed with cash to be provided from operations, existing cash and cash equivalents, and short-term investments. there can be no assurance that current expectations will be realized and plans are subject to change upon further review of our capital expenditure needs.
cash flows from financing activities net cash used in financing activities totaled $786 in 2014 compared to $44 provided by financing activities in 2013. the primary uses of cash in 2014 were dividend payments, repurchases of common stock, and payment of withholding taxes on stock-based awards. the net cash provided by financing activities in 2013 primarily resulted from the proceeds of the issuance of $3,500 in aggregate principal amount of senior notes, which were used to fund a one-time special cash dividend of $3,049 in december 2012. these cash flows did not recur in 2014.
stock repurchase programs during 2014 and 2013, we repurchased 2,915,000 and 357,000 shares of common stock, at an average price of $114.45 and $96.41, totaling approximately $334 and $34, respectively. the remaining amount available to be purchased under our approved plan was $2,721 at the end of 2014. purchases are made from time-to-time, as conditions warrant, in the open market or in block purchases and pursuant to plans under sec rule 10b5-1. repurchased shares are retired, in accordance with the washington business corporation act.
dividends in april 2014, our board of directors increased our quarterly cash dividend from $0.31 to $0.355 per share. our cash dividends paid in 2014 totaled $1.33 per share, as compared to $8.17 per share in 2013, which included a special cash dividend of $7.00 per share.
bank credit facilities and commercial paper programs we maintain bank credit facilities for working capital and general corporate purposes. at august 31, 2014, we had borrowing capacity within these facilities of $451, of which $381 was maintained by our international operations. of the $381, $180 is guaranteed by the company. there were no outstanding short-term borrowings under the bank credit facilities at the end of 2014 and $36 outstanding at the end of 2013.
the company has letter of credit facilities, for commercial and standby letters of credit, totaling $154. the outstanding commitments under these facilities at the end of 2014 totaled $95, including $91 in standby letters of credit with expiration dates within one year. the bank credit facilities have various expiration dates, all within one year, and we generally intend to renew these facilities prior to their expiration. the amount of borrowings available at any time under our bank credit facilities is reduced by the amount of standby and commercial letters of credit then outstanding.
item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (amounts in millions, except per share, share, membership fee, and warehouse count data) (continued)
contractual obligations as of august 31, 2014, our commitments to make future payments under contractual obligations were as follows:
operating leases (3)                                                      196                   382                      353                        2,127                    3,058
purchase obligations (property, equipment, services and other)(4)         414                    64                        3                            -                      481
capital lease obligations(2)                                               17                    32                       34                          327                      410
(3)   operating lease obligations exclude amounts for common area maintenance, taxes, and insurance and have been reduced by $149 to reflect sub-lease income.
(4)   the amounts exclude certain services negotiated at the individual warehouse or regional level that are not significant and generally contain clauses allowing for cancellation without significant penalty.
(5)   includes $55 in asset retirement obligations and $48 in deferred compensation obligations. the total amount excludes $54 of non-current unrecognized tax contingencies and $25 of other obligations due to uncertainty regarding the timing of future cash payments.
off-balance sheet arrangements we have no off-balance sheet arrangements that in the opinion of management have had, or are reasonably likely to have, a material current or future effect on our financial condition or consolidated financial statements.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of our consolidated financial statements in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (u.s. gaap) requires that we make estimates and judgments. we continue to review our accounting policies and evaluate our estimates, including those related to revenue recognition, investments, merchandise inventory valuation, impairment of long-lived assets, insurance/self-insurance liabilities, and income taxes. we base our estimates on historical experience and on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable. for further information on significant accounting policies, see discussion in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report.
revenue recognition we generally recognize sales, which include shipping fees where applicable, net of returns, at the time the member takes possession of merchandise or receives services. when we collect payment from customers prior to the transfer of ownership of merchandise or the performance of services, the amount received is generally recorded as deferred revenue in the consolidated balance sheets until the sale or service is completed. we provide for estimated sales returns based on historical trends in merchandise returns, net of the estimated net realizable value of merchandise inventories to be returned and any estimated disposition costs. amounts collected from members that under common trade practices are referred to as sales taxes are recorded on a net basis.
we evaluate whether it is appropriate to record the gross amount of merchandise sales and related costs or the net amount earned. generally, when we are the primary obligor, subject to inventory risk, have latitude in establishing prices and selecting suppliers, influence product or service specifications, or have several but not all of these indicators, revenue and related shipping fees are recorded on a gross basis. if we are not the primary obligor and do not possess other indicators of gross reporting as noted above, we record the net amounts earned, which is reflected in net sales.
item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (amounts in millions, except per share, share, membership fee, and warehouse count data) (continued)
we account for membership fee revenue, net of refunds, on a deferred basis, whereby revenue is recognized ratably over the one-year membership period. our executive members qualify for a 2% reward on qualified purchases (up to a maximum of approximately $750 per year), which can be redeemed only at costco warehouses. we account for this reward as a reduction in sales. the sales reduction and corresponding liability are computed after giving effect to the estimated impact of non-redemptions based on historical data.
investments investments are reviewed quarterly for indicators of other-than-temporary impairment. this determination requires significant judgment. we employ a methodology that considers available quantitative and qualitative evidence. if the cost of an investment exceeds its fair value, we evaluate, among other factors, general market conditions, the duration and extent to which the fair value is less than cost, and our intent and ability to hold the investment. we also consider specific adverse conditions related to the financial health of and business outlook for the issuer, including industry and sector performance, operational and financing cash flow factors, and rating agency actions. once a decline in fair value is determined to be other-than-temporary, an impairment charge is recorded and a new cost basis in the investment is established.
merchandise inventories merchandise inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market, as determined primarily by the retail inventory method, and are stated using the last-in, first-out (lifo) method for substantially all u.s. merchandise inventories. merchandise inventories for all foreign operations are primarily valued by the retail inventory method and are stated using the first-in, first-out (fifo) method. we believe the lifo method more fairly presents the results of operations by more closely matching current costs with current revenues. we record an adjustment each quarter, if necessary, for the estimated effect of inflation or deflation, and these estimates are adjusted to actual results determined at year-end.
we provide for estimated inventory losses (shrink) between physical inventory counts as a percentage of net sales. the provision is adjusted periodically to reflect results of the actual physical inventory counts, which generally occur in the second and fourth quarters of the year.
inventory cost, where appropriate, is reduced by estimates of vendor rebates when earned or as we progress toward earning those rebates, provided they are probable and reasonably estimable. other consideration received from vendors is generally recorded as a reduction of merchandise costs upon completion of contractual milestones, terms of agreement, or other systematic and rational approaches.
impairment of long-lived assets we evaluate our long-lived assets for impairment on an annual basis, when relocating or closing a facility, or when events or changes in circumstances occur that may indicate the carrying amount of the asset group, generally an individual warehouse, may not be fully recoverable. our judgments are based on existing market and operational conditions. future events could cause us to conclude that impairment factors exist, requiring a downward adjustment of these assets to their then-current fair market value.
insurance/self-insurance liabilities we use a combination of insurance and self-insurance mechanisms, including for certain risks, a wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary and participation in a reinsurance pool, to provide for potential liabilities for workers' compensation, general liability, property damage, directors' and officers' liability, vehicle liability, and employee health care benefits. liabilities associated with the risks that we retain are not discounted and are estimated, in part, by considering historical claims experience, demographic factors, severity factors and other actuarial assumptions. the estimated accruals for these liabilities could be significantly affected if future occurrences and claims differ from these assumptions and historical trends.
income taxes the determination of our provision for income taxes requires significant judgment, the use of estimates, and the interpretation and application of complex tax laws. significant judgment is required in assessing the timing and amounts of deductible and taxable items and the probability of sustaining uncertain tax positions. the benefits associated with uncertain tax positions are recorded in our consolidated financial statements only after determining a more-likely-than-not probability that the positions will withstand challenge from tax authorities. when facts and circumstances change, we reassess these probabilities and record any changes in the consolidated financial statements as appropriate.
item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (amounts in millions, except per share, share, membership fee, and warehouse count data) (continued)
recent accounting pronouncements see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report for a detailed description of recent accounting pronouncements.