if we cannot remain organizationally effective, we will be unable to address the opportunities and challenges presented by our strategy and the increasingly dynamic and competitive economic and regulatory environment.
to remain organizationally effective, we must effectively empower, integrate and deploy our management and operational resources and incorporate global and local business, regulatory and consumer perspectives into our decisions and processes. in order to execute on our strategy to be the leading direct bank and payments partner, we must develop and implement innovative and efficient technology solutions and marketing initiatives while effectively managing legal, regulatory, compliance, security, operational and other risks as well as expenses. examples include the implementation of a broader rollout of our checking product, the expansion of our new core banking platform beyond deposits, a strategy for our home loans platform, and a structure for a more competitive global network business. if we fail to develop and implement these solutions, we may be unable to expand quickly and the results of our expansion may be unsatisfactory. in addition, if we are unable to make decisions quickly, assess our opportunities and risks, execute our strategy, and implement new governance, managerial and organizational processes as needed in this increasingly dynamic and competitive economic and regulatory environment, our financial condition, results of operations, relationships with our business partners, banking regulators, customers and shareholders, and ultimately our prospects for achieving our long-term strategies, may be negatively impacted.
•   our ability to remain organizationally effective;
additionally, in september 2014, federal banking regulators published a final rule to implement the liquidity coverage ratio as a new quantitative requirement designed to promote the short-term resilience of the liquidity risk profile of large and internationally active banking organizations in the united states. the ratio requires covered banks to maintain an amount of high-quality liquid assets sufficient to cover projected net cash outflows during a prospective 30-day calendar period under an acute, hypothetical liquidity stress scenario. we are subject to this new requirement and will be required to maintain a liquidity ratio of 90% in 2016, which will increase to 100% in 2017. we believe our liquidity management practices position us well to comply with this new standard when it becomes effective.