because real estate investments are relatively illiquid and because there may be even fewer buyers for our specialized real estate, our ability to promptly sell properties in our portfolio in response to adverse changes in their performance may be limited, which may harm our financial condition. further, digital realty trust, inc. is subject to provisions in the code that limit a reit's ability to dispose of properties, which limitations are not applicable to other types of real estate companies. while digital realty trust, inc. has exclusive authority under digital realty trust, l.p.'s limited partnership agreement to determine whether, when, and on what terms to sell a property, any such decision would require the approval of digital realty trust, inc.'s board of directors. see "risks related to our organizational structure-tax consequences upon sale or refinancing." these limitations may affect our ability to sell properties. this lack of liquidity and the code restrictions may limit our ability to vary our portfolio promptly in response to changes in economic or other conditions and, as a result, could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, cash available for distribution and ability to access capital necessary to meet our debt payments and other obligations.
risks related to our organizational structure digital realty trust, inc.'s duty to its stockholders may conflict with the interests of digital realty trust, l.p.'s unitholders.
digital realty trust, inc.'s board of directors adopted a policy limiting our indebtedness to 60% of our total enterprise value. our total enterprise value is defined as the sum of the market value of digital realty trust, inc.'s outstanding common stock (which may decrease, thereby increasing our debt to total capitalization ratio), excluding options issued under our incentive award plan, plus the aggregate value of digital realty trust, l.p. units not held by digital realty trust, inc. (with the per unit value equal to the market value of one share of digital realty trust, inc. common stock and excluding long-term incentive units and class c units), plus the liquidation preference of digital realty trust, inc.'s outstanding preferred stock, plus the book value of our total consolidated indebtedness. however, the organizational documents of digital realty trust, inc. and digital realty trust, l.p. do not limit the amount or percentage of indebtedness, funded or otherwise, that we may incur. digital realty trust, inc.'s board of directors may alter or eliminate our current policy on borrowing at any time without stockholder or unitholder approval. if this policy changed, we could become more highly leveraged which could result in an increase in our debt service and which could materially adversely affect our cash flow and our ability to pay dividends to digital realty trust, inc.'s stockholders or distributions to digital realty trust, l.p.'s unitholders. higher leverage also increases the risk of default on our obligations.