item 1a.   risk factors
each of the registrants operates in a market and regulatory environment that poses significant risks, many of which are beyond that registrant’s control. management of each registrant regularly meets with the chief risk officer and the rmc, which comprises officers of the registrants, to identify and evaluate the most significant risks of the registrants’ businesses, and the appropriate steps to manage and mitigate those risks. the chief risk officer and senior executives of the registrants discuss those risks with the finance and risk committee and audit committee of the exelon board of directors and the comed, peco and bge boards of directors. in addition, the generation oversight committee of the exelon board of directors evaluates risks related to the generation business. the risk factors discussed below may adversely affect one or more of the registrants’ results of operations and cash flows and the market prices of their publicly traded securities. each of the registrants has disclosed the known material risks that affect its business at this time. however, there may be further risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed by a registrant to be material that may adversely affect its performance or financial condition in the future.
exelon’s financial condition and results of operations are affected to a significant degree by: (1) generation’s position as a predominantly nuclear generator selling power into competitive energy markets with a concentration in select regions, and (2) the role of comed, peco and bge as operators of electric transmission and distribution systems in three of the largest metropolitan areas in the united states. factors that affect the financial condition and results of operations of the registrants fall primarily under the following categories, all of which are discussed in further detail below:
•                                                      market and financial factors. exelon’s and generation’s results of operations are affected by price fluctuations in the energy markets.
power prices are a function of supply and demand, which in turn are driven by factors such as (1) the price of fuels, in particular the price of natural gas, which affects the prices that generation can obtain for the output of its power plants, (2) the presence of other generation resources in the markets in which generation’s output is sold, (3) the demand for electricity in the markets where the registrants conduct their business, and (4) the impacts of on-going competition in the retail channel.
•                                                      regulatory and legislative factors. the regulatory and legislative factors that may affect the registrants include changes to the laws and regulations that govern competitive markets and utility cost recovery, and that drive environmental policy. in particular, exelon’s and generation’s financial performance may be affected by changes in the design of competitive wholesale power markets or generation’s ability to sell power in those markets. in addition, potential regulation and legislation, including legislation or regulation regarding climate change and renewable portfolio standards, could have significant effects on the registrants. also, returns for comed, peco and bge are influenced significantly by state regulation and regulatory proceedings.
•                                                            operational factors. the registrants’ operational performance is subject to those factors inherent in running the nation’s largest fleet of nuclear power reactors and large electric and gas distribution systems. the safe and effective operation of the nuclear facilities and the ability to effectively manage the associated decommissioning obligations as well as the ability to maintain the availability, reliability and safety of its energy delivery systems are fundamental to exelon’s ability to protect and grow shareholder value. additionally, the operating costs of comed, peco and bge, and the opinions of their customers and regulators, are affected by those companies’ ability to maintain the reliability and safety of their energy delivery systems.
•   risks related to the pending merger with phi. there are various risks and uncertainties associated with the merger agreement announced with phi on april 29, 2014.
a discussion of each of these risk categories and other risk factors is included below.
market and financial factors generation is exposed to depressed prices in the wholesale and retail power markets, which may negatively affect its results of operations and cash flows. (exelon and generation)
generation is exposed to commodity price risk for the unhedged portion of its electricity generation supply portfolio. generation’s earnings and cash flows are therefore subject to variability as spot and forward market prices in the markets in which it operates rise and fall.
price of fuels: the spot market price of electricity for each hour is generally determined by the marginal cost of supplying the next unit of electricity to the market during that hour. thus, the market price of power is affected by the market price of the marginal fuel used to generate the electricity unit. often, the next unit of electricity will be supplied from generating stations fueled by fossil fuels. consequently, changes in the market price of fossil fuels often result in comparable changes to the market price of power. for example, the use of new technologies to recover natural gas from shale deposits has increased natural gas supply and reserves, placing downward pressure on natural gas prices and, therefore, on power prices. the continued addition of supply from new alternative generation resources, such as wind and solar, whether mandated through rps or otherwise subsidized or encouraged through climate legislation or regulation, may displace a higher marginal cost plant, further reducing power prices. in addition, further delay or elimination of epa air quality regulations could prolong the duration for which the cost of pollution from fossil fuel generation is not factored into market prices.
demand and supply: the market price for electricity is also affected by changes in the demand for electricity and the available supply of electricity. unfavorable economic conditions, milder than normal weather, and the growth of energy efficiency and demand response programs can each depress demand. the result is that higher-cost generating resources do not run as frequently, putting downward pressure on electricity market prices. the tepid economic environment in recent years and growing energy efficiency and demand response initiatives have limited the demand for electricity in generation’s markets. in addition, in some markets, the supply of electricity through wind or solar generation, when combined with other base-load generation such as nuclear, may often exceed demand during some hours of the day, resulting in loss of revenue for base-load generating plants. the risk of increased supply in excess of demand is heightened by continued or increased rps mandates or other subsidies, including itcs and ptcs.
retail competition: generation’s retail operations compete for customers in a competitive environment, which affects the margins that generation can earn and the volumes that it is able to serve. in periods of sustained low natural gas and power prices and low market volatility, retail competitors can aggressively pursue market share because the barriers to entry can be low and
wholesale generators (including generation) use their retail operations to hedge generation output. increased or more aggressive competition can adversely affect overall gross margins and profitability in generation’s retail operations.
sustained low market prices or depressed demand and over-supply could adversely affect exelon’s and generation’s results of operations and cash flows, and such impacts could be emphasized given generation’s concentration of base-load electric generating capacity within primarily two geographic market regions, namely the midwest and the mid-atlantic. these impacts could adversely affect exelon’s and generation’s ability to fund other discretionary uses of cash such as growth projects or to pay dividends. in addition, such conditions may no longer support the continued operation of certain generating facilities, which could adversely affect exelon’s and generation’s results of operations through increased depreciation rates, impairment charges and accelerated future decommissioning costs which may be offset in whole or in part by reduced operating and maintenance expenses. a slow recovery in market conditions could result in a prolonged depression of or further decline in commodity prices, including low forward natural gas and power prices and low market volatility, which could also adversely affect exelon’s and generation’s results of operations, cash flows and financial position.
in addition to price fluctuations, generation is exposed to other risks in the power markets that are beyond its control and may negatively affect its results of operations. (exelon and generation)
credit risk. in the bilateral markets, generation is exposed to the risk that counterparties that owe generation money, or are obligated to purchase energy or fuel from generation, will not perform under their obligations for operational or financial reasons. in the event the counterparties to these arrangements fail to perform, generation might be forced to purchase or sell energy or fuel in the wholesale markets at less favorable prices and incur additional losses, to the extent of amounts, if any, already paid to the counterparties. in the spot markets, generation is exposed to risk as a result of default sharing mechanisms that exist within certain markets, primarily rtos and isos, the purpose of which is to spread such risk across all market participants. generation is also a party to agreements with entities in the energy sector that have experienced rating downgrades or other financial difficulties. in addition, generation’s retail sales subject it to credit risk through competitive electricity and natural gas supply activities to serve commercial and industrial companies, governmental entities and residential customers. retail credit risk results when customers default on their contractual obligations. this risk represents the loss that may be incurred due to the nonpayment of a customer’s account balance, as well as the loss from the resale of energy previously committed to serve the customer.
market designs. the wholesale markets remain evolving markets that vary from region to region and are still developing rules, practices and procedures. changes in these market rules, problems with rule implementation, or failure of any of these markets could adversely affect generation’s business. in addition, a significant decrease in market participation could affect market liquidity and have a detrimental effect on market stability.
the registrants are potentially affected by emerging technologies that may over time affect or transform the energy industry, including technologies related to energy generation, distribution and consumption. (exelon, generation, comed, peco and bge)
some of these technologies include, but are not limited to further shale gas development or sources, cost-effective renewable energy technologies, broad consumer adoption of electric vehicles and energy storage devices. such developments could affect the price of energy, could affect energy deliveries as customer-owned generation becomes more cost-effective, could require further improvements to our distribution systems to address changing load demands and could make portions
of our electric system power supply and transmission and/or distribution facilities obsolete prior to the end of their useful lives. such technologies could also result in further declines in commodity prices or demand for delivered energy. each of these factors could materially affect the registrants’ results of operations, financial position, and cash flows through, among other things, reduced operating revenues, increased operating and maintenance expenses, and increased capital expenditures, as well as potential asset impairment charges or accelerated depreciation and decommissioning expenses over shortened remaining asset useful lives.
market performance and other factors may decrease the value of ndt funds and employee benefit plan assets and may increase the related employee benefit plan obligations, which then could require significant additional funding. (exelon, generation, comed, peco and bge)
disruptions in the capital markets and their actual or perceived effects on particular businesses and the greater economy may adversely affect the value of the investments held within generation’s ndts and exelon’s employee benefit plan trusts. the registrants have significant obligations in these areas and exelon and generation hold substantial assets in these trusts to meet those obligations. the asset values are subject to market fluctuations and will yield uncertain returns, which may fall below the registrants’ projected return rates. a decline in the market value of the ndt fund investments may increase generation’s funding requirements to decommission its nuclear plants. a decline in the market value of the pension and opeb plan assets will increase the funding requirements associated with exelon’s pension and opeb plan obligations. additionally, exelon’s pension and opeb plan liabilities are sensitive to changes in interest rates. as interest rates decrease, the liabilities increase, potentially increasing benefit costs and funding requirements. changes in demographics, including increased numbers of retirements or changes in life expectancy assumptions or changes to social security or medicare eligibility requirements may also increase the costs and funding requirements of the obligations related to the pension and opeb plans. if future increases in pension and other postretirement costs as a result of reduced plan assets or other factors cannot be recovered, or cannot be recovered in a timely manner, from comed, peco and bge customers, the results of operations and financial positions of comed, peco and bge could be negatively affected. ultimately, if the registrants are unable to manage the investments with the ndt funds and benefit plan assets, and are unable to manage the related benefit plan liabilities, their results of operations, cash flows and financial positions could be negatively affected.
unstable capital and credit markets and increased volatility in commodity markets may adversely affect the registrants’ businesses in several ways, including the availability and cost of short-term funds for liquidity requirements, the registrants’ ability to meet long-term commitments, generation’s ability to hedge effectively its generation portfolio, and the competitiveness and liquidity of energy markets; each could adversely affect the registrants’ financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. (exelon, generation, comed, peco and bge)
the registrants rely on the capital markets, particularly for publicly offered debt, as well as the banking and commercial paper markets, to meet their financial commitments and short-term liquidity needs if internal funds are not available from the registrants’ respective operations. disruptions in the capital and credit markets in the united states or abroad can adversely affect the registrants’ ability to access the capital markets or draw on their respective bank revolving credit facilities. the registrants’ access to funds under their credit facilities is dependent on the ability of the banks that are parties to the facilities to meet their funding commitments. those banks may not be able to meet their funding commitments to the registrants if they experience shortages of capital and liquidity or if they experience excessive volumes of borrowing requests from the registrants and other borrowers within a short period of time. the inability to access capital markets or credit facilities, and longer term disruptions in the capital and credit markets as a result of uncertainty, changing or increased
regulation, reduced alternatives or failures of significant financial institutions could result in the deferral of discretionary capital expenditures, changes to generation’s hedging strategy in order to reduce collateral-posting requirements, or a reduction in dividend payments or other discretionary uses of cash.
in addition, the registrants have exposure to worldwide financial markets, including europe. disruptions in the european markets could reduce or restrict the registrants’ ability to secure sufficient liquidity or secure liquidity at reasonable terms. as of december 31, 2014, approximately 29%, or $2.5 billion of the registrants’ available credit facilities were with european banks, excluding the unsecured bridge facility to provide financing for the proposed phi acquisition. the credit facilities include $8.5 billion in aggregate total commitments of which $7.3 billion was available as of december 31, 2014. there were no borrowings under the registrants’ credit facilities as of december 31, 2014. see note 13—debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the credit facilities.
the strength and depth of competition in energy markets depend heavily on active participation by multiple trading parties, which could be adversely affected by disruptions in the capital and credit markets and legislative and regulatory initiatives that may affect participants in commodities transactions. reduced capital and liquidity and failures of significant institutions that participate in the energy markets could diminish the liquidity and competitiveness of energy markets that are important to the respective businesses of the registrants. perceived weaknesses in the competitive strength of the energy markets could lead to pressures for greater regulation of those markets or attempts to replace market structures with other mechanisms for the sale of power, including the requirement of long-term contracts, which could have a material adverse effect on exelon’s and generation’s results of operations and cash flows.
if any of the registrants were to experience a downgrade in its credit ratings to below investment grade or otherwise fail to satisfy the credit standards in its agreements with its trading counterparties, it would be required to provide significant amounts of collateral under its agreements with counterparties and could experience higher borrowing costs. (exelon, generation, comed, peco and bge)
generation’s business is subject to credit quality standards that may require market participants to post collateral for their obligations. if generation were to be downgraded or lose its investment grade credit rating (based on its senior unsecured debt rating) or otherwise fail to satisfy the credit standards of trading counterparties, it would be required under its hedging arrangements to provide collateral in the form of letters of credit or cash, which may have a material adverse effect upon its liquidity. the amount of collateral required to be provided by generation at any point in time is dependent on a variety of factors, including (1) the notional amount of the applicable hedge, (2) the nature of counterparty and related agreements, and (3) changes in power or other commodity prices. in addition, if generation were downgraded, it could experience higher borrowing costs as a result of the downgrade. generation could experience a downgrade in its ratings if any of the credit rating agencies concludes that the level of business or financial risk and overall creditworthiness of the power generation industry in general, or generation in particular, has deteriorated. changes in ratings methodologies by the credit rating agencies could also have a negative impact on the ratings of generation.
comed’s, peco’s and bge’s operating agreements with pjm and peco’s and bge’s natural gas procurement contracts contain collateral provisions that are affected by their credit rating and market prices. if certain wholesale market conditions were to exist and comed, peco and bge were to lose their investment grade credit ratings (based on their senior unsecured debt ratings), they would be required to provide collateral in the forms of letters of credit or cash, which may have a material
adverse effect upon their liquidity. collateral posting requirements will generally increase as market prices rise and decrease as market prices fall. collateral posting requirements for peco and bge, with respect to their natural gas supply contracts, will generally increase as forward market prices fall and decrease as forward market prices rise. given the relationship to forward market prices, contract collateral requirements can be volatile. in addition, if comed, peco and bge were downgraded, they could experience higher borrowing costs as a result of the downgrade.
comed, peco or bge could experience a downgrade in its ratings if any of the credit rating agencies concludes that the level of business or financial risk and overall creditworthiness of the utility industry in general, or comed, peco, or bge in particular, has deteriorated. comed, peco or bge could experience a downgrade if the current regulatory environments in illinois, pennsylvania or maryland, respectively, become less predictable by materially lowering returns for utilities in the applicable state or adopting other measures to mitigate higher electricity prices. additionally, the ratings for comed, peco or bge could be downgraded if their financial results are weakened from current levels due to weaker operating performance or due to a failure to properly manage their capital structure. in addition, changes in ratings methodologies by the agencies could also have a negative impact on the ratings of comed, peco or bge.
comed, peco and bge conduct their respective businesses and operate under governance models and other arrangements and procedures intended to assure that comed, peco and bge are treated as separate, independent companies, distinct from exelon and other exelon subsidiaries in order to isolate comed, peco and bge from exelon and other exelon subsidiaries in the event of financial difficulty at exelon or another exelon subsidiary. these measures (commonly referred to as “ring-fencing”) may help avoid or limit a downgrade in the credit ratings of comed, peco and bge in the event of a reduction in the credit rating of exelon. despite these ring-fencing measures, the credit ratings of comed, peco or bge could remain linked, to some degree, to the credit ratings of exelon. consequently, a reduction in the credit rating of exelon could result in a reduction of the credit rating of comed, peco or bge, or all three. a reduction in the credit rating of comed, peco or bge could have a material adverse effect on comed, peco or bge, respectively.
see liquidity and capital resources—recent market conditions and security ratings for further information regarding the potential impacts of credit downgrades on the registrants’ cash flows.
generation’s financial performance may be negatively affected by price volatility, availability and other risk factors associated with the procurement of nuclear and fossil fuel. (exelon and generation)
generation depends on nuclear fuel and fossil fuels to operate its generating facilities. nuclear fuel is obtained predominantly through long-term uranium concentrate supply contracts, contracted conversion services, contracted enrichment services and contracted fuel fabrication services. coal, natural gas and oil are procured for generating plants through annual, short-term and spot-market purchases. the supply markets for nuclear fuel, coal, natural gas and oil are subject to price fluctuations, availability restrictions and counterparty default that may negatively affect the results of operations and cash flows for generation.
generation’s risk management policies cannot fully eliminate the risk associated with its commodity trading activities. (exelon and generation)
generation’s asset-based power position as well as its power marketing, fuel procurement and other commodity trading activities expose generation to risks of commodity price movements. generation attempts to manage this exposure through enforcement of established risk limits and risk management procedures. these risk limits and risk management procedures may not work as planned
and cannot eliminate all risks associated with these activities. even when its policies and procedures are followed, and decisions are made based on projections and estimates of future performance, results of operations may be diminished if the judgments and assumptions underlying those decisions prove to be incorrect. factors, such as future prices and demand for power and other energy-related commodities, become more difficult to predict and the calculations become less reliable the further into the future estimates are made. as a result, generation cannot predict the impact that its commodity trading activities and risk management decisions may have on its business, operating results, cash flows or financial position.
generation buys and sells energy and other products and enters into financial contracts to manage risk and hedge various positions in generation’s power generation portfolio. the proportion of hedged positions in its power generation portfolio may cause volatility in generation’s future results of operations.
financial performance and load requirements may be adversely affected if generation is unable to effectively manage its power portfolio. (exelon and generation)
a significant portion of generation’s power portfolio is used to provide power under procurement contracts with comed, peco, bge and other customers. to the extent portions of the power portfolio are not needed for that purpose, generation’s output is sold in the wholesale power markets. to the extent its power portfolio is not sufficient to meet the requirements of its customers under the related agreements, generation must purchase power in the wholesale power markets. generation’s financial results may be negatively affected if it is unable to cost-effectively meet the load requirements of its customers, manage its power portfolio and effectively address the changes in the wholesale power markets.
challenges to tax positions taken by the registrants as well as tax law changes and the inherent difficulty in quantifying potential tax effects of business decisions, could negatively impact the registrants’ results of operations and cash flows. (exelon, generation, comed, peco and bge)
corporate tax reform. there exists the potential for comprehensive tax reform in the united states that may significantly change the tax rules applicable to u.s. domiciled corporations. exelon cannot assess what the overall effect of such potential legislation might be on its results of operations and cash flows.
1999 sale of fossil generating assets. the irs has challenged exelon’s 1999 tax position on its like-kind exchange transaction. exelon and the irs failed to reach a settlement on the like-kind exchange position and exelon filed a petition on december 31, 2013 to initiate litigation in the united states tax court. exelon was not required to remit any part of the asserted tax or penalty in order to litigate the like-kind exchange position. the litigation could take three to five years including appeals, if necessary.
as of december 31, 2014, if the irs is successful in its challenge to the like-kind exchange position, exelon’s potential cash outflow, including tax and after-tax interest, exclusive of penalties, that could become currently payable may be as much as $810 million, of which approximately $310 million would be attributable to comed after consideration of exelon’s agreement to hold comed harmless. in addition to attempting to impose tax on the like-kind exchange position, the irs has asserted penalties for a substantial understatement of tax, which could result in an after-tax charge of $90 million to exelon’s and comed’s results of operations should the irs prevail in asserting the penalties. the timing effects of the final resolution of the like-kind exchange matter are unknown. see note 14—income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
tax reserves and the recoverability of deferred tax assets. the registrants are required to make judgments in order to estimate their obligations to taxing authorities. these tax obligations include income, real estate, sales and use and employment-related taxes and ongoing appeals issues related to these tax matters. these judgments include reserves for potential adverse outcomes regarding tax positions that have been taken that may be subject to challenge by the tax authorities. the registrants also estimate their ability to utilize tax benefits, including those in the form of carryforwards and tax credits. see notes 1—significant accounting policies and note 14—income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
increases in customer rates and the impact of economic downturns may lead to greater expense for uncollectible customer balances. additionally, increased rates could lead to decreased volumes delivered. both of these factors may decrease generation’s, comed’s, peco’s and bge’s results from operations and cash flows. (exelon, generation, comed, peco and bge)
comed’s, peco’s and bge’s current procurement plans include purchasing power through contracted suppliers and in the spot market. comed’s and peco’s costs of purchased power are charged to customers without a return or profit component. bge’s sos rates charged to customers recover bge’s wholesale power supply costs and include a return component. for peco, purchased natural gas costs are charged to customers with no return or profit component. for bge, purchased natural gas costs are charged to customers using a mbr mechanism that compares the actual cost of gas to a market index. the difference between the actual cost and the market index is shared equally between shareholders and customers. purchased power and natural gas prices fluctuate based on their relevant supply and demand. significantly higher rates related to purchased power and natural gas can result in declines in customer usage, lower revenues and potentially additional uncollectible accounts expense for comed, peco and bge. in addition, any challenges by the regulators or comed, peco and bge as to the recoverability of these costs could have a material effect on the registrants’ results of operations and cash flows. also, comed’s, peco’s and bge’s cash flows can be affected by differences between the time period when electricity and natural gas are purchased and the ultimate recovery from customers.
further, the impacts of economic downturns on comed, peco and bge customers and purchased natural gas costs for peco and bge customers, such as unemployment for residential customers and less demand for products and services provided by commercial and industrial customers, and the related regulatory limitations on residential service terminations, may result in an increase in the number of uncollectible customer balances, which would negatively impact comed’s, peco’s and bge’s results from operations and cash flows. generation’s customer supply activities face economic downturn risks similar to exelon’s utility businesses, such as lower volumes sold and increased expense for uncollectible customer balances. as generation increases its customer supply footprint, economic downturn impacts could negatively affect generation’s results from operations and cash flows. see item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk for further discussion of the registrants’ credit risk.
the effects of weather may impact the registrants’ results of operations and cash flows. (exelon, generation, comed, peco and bge)
temperatures above normal levels in the summer tend to increase summer cooling electricity demand and revenues, and temperatures below normal levels in the winter tend to increase winter heating electricity and gas demand and revenues. weather conditions directly influence the demand for electricity and natural gas and affect the price of energy commodities. moderate temperatures adversely affect the usage of energy and resulting revenues at comed and peco. due to revenue decoupling, bge recognizes revenues at mdpsc-approved levels per customer, regardless of what
actual distribution volumes are for a billing period, and is not affected by actual weather with the exception of major storms. extreme weather conditions or damage resulting from storms may stress comed’s, peco’s and bge’s transmission and distribution systems, communication systems and technology, resulting in increased maintenance and capital costs and limiting each company’s ability to meet peak customer demand. these extreme conditions may have detrimental effects on comed’s, peco’s and bge’s results of operations and cash flows. first and third quarter financial results, in particular, are substantially dependent on weather conditions, and may make period comparisons less relevant.
generation’s operations are also affected by weather, which affects demand for electricity as well as operating conditions. to the extent that weather is warmer in the summer or colder in the winter than assumed, generation may require greater resources to meet its contractual commitments. extreme weather conditions or storms may affect the availability of generation and its transmission, limiting generation’s ability to source or send power to where it is sold. in addition, drought-like conditions limiting water usage can impact generation’s ability to run certain generating assets at full capacity. these conditions, which cannot be accurately predicted, may have an adverse effect by causing generation to seek additional capacity at a time when wholesale markets are tight or to seek to sell excess capacity at a time when markets are weak.
certain long-lived assets and other assets recorded on the registrants’ statements of financial position may become impaired, which would result in write-offs of the impaired amounts. (exelon, generation, comed, peco and bge)
long-lived assets represent the single largest asset class on the registrants’ statement of financial position. specifically, long-lived assets account for 60%, 51%, 62%, 68% and 77% of total assets for exelon, generation, comed, peco and bge, respectively, as of december 31, 2014. in addition, exelon and generation have significant balances related to unamortized energy contracts. see note 4—mergers, acquisitions, and dispositions and note 10—intangible assets of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on exelon’s unamortized energy contracts. the registrants evaluate the recoverability of the carrying value of long-lived assets to be held and used whenever events or circumstances indicating a potential impairment exist. factors such as the business climate, including current and future energy and market conditions, environmental regulation, and the condition of assets are considered when evaluating long-lived assets for potential impairment. an impairment would require the registrants to reduce the carrying value of the long-lived asset through a non-cash charge to expense by the amount of the impairment, and such an impairment could have a material adverse impact on the registrants’ results of operations.
exelon holds investments in coal-fired plants in georgia that are subject to long-term leases. the investments are accounted for as direct financing lease investments. the investments represent the estimated residual value of the leased assets at the end of the lease term. on an annual basis, exelon reviews the estimated residual values of its direct financing lease investments and records a non-cash impairment charge to expense if the review indicates an other than temporary decline in the fair value of the residual values below their carrying values. such an impairment could have a material adverse impact on exelon’s results of operations.
exelon and comed had approximately $2.7 billion of goodwill recorded at december 31, 2014 in connection with the merger between peco and unicom corporation, the former parent company of comed. under gaap, goodwill remains at its recorded amount unless it is determined to be impaired, which is generally based upon an annual analysis that compares the implied fair value of the goodwill to its carrying value. if an impairment occurs, the amount of the impaired goodwill will be written-off to expense, which will also reduce equity. the actual timing and amounts of any goodwill impairments will depend on many sensitive, interrelated and uncertain variables. a successful irs challenge to
exelon’s and comed’s like-kind exchange income tax position, adverse regulatory actions such as early termination of eima, or changes in significant assumptions used in estimating comed’s fair value (e.g., discount and growth rates, utility sector market performance and transactions, operating and capital expenditure requirements and the fair value of debt) could result in an impairment. such an impairment would result in a non-cash charge to expense, which could have a material adverse impact on exelon’s and comed’s results of operations.
see item 7. management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations—critical accounting policies and estimates and note 7—property, plant and equipment, note 8—impairment of long lived assets and note 10—intangible assets of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion on long-lived asset and goodwill impairments.
the registrants’ businesses are capital intensive, and their assets may require significant expenditures to maintain and are subject to operational failure, which could result in potential liability. (exelon, generation, comed, peco and bge)
the registrants’ businesses are capital intensive and require significant investments by generation in electric generating facilities and by comed, peco and bge in transmission and distribution infrastructure projects. these operational systems and infrastructure have been in service for many years. older equipment, even if maintained in accordance with good utility practices, is subject to operational failure, including events that are beyond the registrants’ control, and may require significant expenditures to operate efficiently. the registrants’ results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows could be adversely affected if they were unable to effectively manage their capital projects or raise the necessary capital. furthermore, operational failure of electric or gas systems or infrastructure could result in potential liability if such failure results in damage to property or injury to individuals. see item 1. business for further information regarding the registrants’ potential future capital expenditures.
exelon and its subsidiaries have guaranteed the performance of third parties, which may result in substantial costs in the event of non-performance by third parties. in addition, the registrants have rights under agreements which obligate third parties to indemnify the registrants for various obligations, and the registrants may incur substantial costs in the event that the applicable registrant is unable to enforce those agreements or the applicable third-party is otherwise unable to perform. (exelon, generation, comed, peco and bge)
the registrants have issued guarantees of the performance of third parties, which obligate one or more of the registrants or their subsidiaries to perform in the event that the third parties do not perform. in the event of non-performance by those third parties, the registrants could incur substantial cost to fulfill their obligations under these guarantees. such performance guarantees could have a material impact on the operating results, financial condition, or cash flows of the registrants.
the registrants have entered into various agreements with counterparties that require those counterparties to reimburse a registrant and hold it harmless against specified obligations and claims. to the extent that any of these counterparties are affected by deterioration in their creditworthiness or the agreements are otherwise determined to be unenforceable, the affected registrant could be held responsible for the obligations, which could impact that registrant’s results of operations, cash flows and financial position. in connection with exelon’s 2001 corporate restructuring, generation assumed certain of comed’s and peco’s rights and obligations with respect to their former generation businesses. further, comed and peco may have entered into agreements with third parties under which the third-party agreed to indemnify comed or peco for certain obligations related to their respective former generation businesses that have been assumed by generation as part of the
restructuring. if the third-party or generation experienced events that reduced its creditworthiness or the indemnity arrangement became unenforceable, comed or peco could be liable for any existing or future claims, which could impact comed’s or peco’s results of operations, cash flows and financial position.
generation’s business may be negatively affected by competitive electric generation suppliers. (exelon and generation)
because retail customers where generation serves load can switch from their respective energy delivery company to a competitive electric generation supplier for their energy needs, planning to meet generation’s obligation to provide the supply needed to serve generation’s share of an electric distribution company’s default service obligation is more difficult than planning for retail load before the advent of retail competition. before retail competition, the primary variables affecting projections of load were weather and the economy. with retail competition, another major factor is retail customers switching to or from competitive electric generation suppliers. if fewer of such customers switch from its retail load serving counterparties than generation anticipates, the load that generation must serve will be greater than anticipated, which could, if market prices have increased, increase generation’s costs (due to its need to go to market to cover its incremental supply obligation) more than the increase in generation’s revenues. if more customers from its retail load serving counterparties switch than generation anticipates, the load that generation must serve will be lower than anticipated, which could, if market prices have decreased, cause generation to lose opportunities in the market.
regulatory and legislative factors the registrants’ generation and energy delivery businesses are highly regulated and could be subject to adverse regulatory and legislative actions. fundamental changes in regulation or legislation or violation of tariffs or market rules and anti-manipulation laws, could disrupt the registrants’ business plans and adversely affect their operations and financial results. (exelon, generation, comed, peco and bge)
substantially all aspects of the businesses of the registrants are subject to comprehensive federal or state regulation and legislation. further, exelon’s and generation’s operating results and cash flows are heavily dependent upon the ability of generation to sell power at market-based rates, as opposed to cost-based or other similarly regulated rates, and exelon’s, comed’s, peco’s and bge’s operating results and cash flows are heavily dependent on the ability of comed, peco and bge to recover their costs for the retail purchase and distribution of power to their customers. similarly, there is risk that financial market regulations could increase the registrants’ compliance costs and limit their ability to engage in certain transactions. in the planning and management of operations, the registrants must address the effects of regulation on their businesses and changes in the regulatory framework, including initiatives by federal and state legislatures, rtos, exchanges, ratemaking agencies and taxing authorities. additionally, the registrants need to be cognizant of rules changes or registrant actions that could result in potential violation of tariffs, market rules and anti-manipulation laws. fundamental changes in regulations or other adverse legislative actions affecting the registrants’ businesses would require changes in their business planning models and operations and could adversely affect their results of operations, cash flows and financial position.
regulatory and legislative developments related to climate change and rps may also significantly affect exelon’s and generation’s results of operations, cash flows and financial positions. various legislative and regulatory proposals to address climate change through ghg emission reductions, if enacted, could result in increased costs to entities that generate electricity through carbon-emitting fossil fuels, which could increase the market price at which all generators in a region, including generation, may sell their output, thereby increasing the revenue generation could realize from its low-carbon nuclear assets. however, national regulation or legislation addressing climate change through
an rps could also increase the pace of development of wind energy facilities in the midwest, which could put downward pressure on wholesale market prices for electricity from generation’s midwest nuclear assets, partially offsetting any additional value exelon and generation might derive from generation’s nuclear assets under a carbon constrained regulatory regime that might exist in the future. similarly, final regulations under section 111(d) of the clean air act may not provide sufficient incentives for states to utilize carbon-free nuclear power as a means of meeting greenhouse gas emission reduction requirements, while continuing a policy of favoring renewable energy sources. current state level climate change and renewable regulation is already providing incentives for regional wind development. the registrants cannot predict when or whether any of these various legislative and regulatory proposals may become law or what their effect will be on the registrants.
generation may be negatively affected by possible federal or state legislative or regulatory actions that could affect the scope and functioning of the wholesale markets. (exelon and generation)
federal and state legislative and regulatory bodies are facing pressures to address consumer concerns, or are themselves raising concerns, that energy prices in wholesale markets are too high or insufficient generation is being built because the competitive model is not working, and, therefore, are considering some form of re-regulation or some other means of reducing wholesale market prices or subsidizing new generation. generation is dependent on robust and competitive wholesale energy markets to achieve its business objectives.
approximately 60% of generation’s generating resources, which include directly owned assets and capacity obtained through long-term contracts, are located in the area encompassed by pjm. generation’s future results of operations will depend on (1) ferc’s continued adherence to and support for, policies that favor the preservation of competitive wholesale power markets, such as pjm’s, and (2) the absence of material changes to market structures that would limit or otherwise negatively affect market competitiveness. generation could also be adversely affected by state laws, regulations or initiatives designed to reduce wholesale prices artificially below competitive levels or to subsidize new generation, such as the subsequently dismissed new jersey capacity legislation and the mdpsc’s rfp for new gas-fired generation in maryland. see note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further details related to the new jersey capacity legislation and the maryland new electric generation requirements.
in addition, ferc’s application of its order 697 and its subsequent revisions could pose a risk that generation will have difficulty satisfying ferc’s tests for market-based rates. since order 697 became final in june 2007, generation has obtained orders affirming generation’s authority to sell at market-based rates and none denying that authority. as of december 31, 2014, generation has submitted its triennial application seeking reauthorization to sell at market-based rates in the southeast region. generation’s previous submission seeking reauthorization to sell at market-based rates was accepted by ferc on august 5, 2014 for the northeast region (including pjm).
the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act (the act) was enacted in july 2010. the part of the act that applies to exelon is title vii, which is known as the dodd-frank wall street transparency and accountability act (dodd-frank). dodd-frank requires the creation of a new regulatory regime for over-the-counter swaps (swaps), including mandatory clearing for certain categories of swaps, incentives to shift swap activity to exchange trading, margin and capital requirements, and other obligations designed to promote transparency. for non security-based swaps including commodity swaps, dodd-frank empowers the commodity futures trading commission (cftc) to promulgate regulations implementing the law’s objectives. the primary aim of dodd-frank is to regulate the key intermediaries in the swaps market, which entities are either swap dealers (sds), major swap participants (msps), and certain other financial entities, but the law also applies to a lesser
degree to end-users of swaps. on january 12, 2015, president obama signed into law a bill that exempts from margin requirements swaps used by end-users to hedge or mitigate commercial risk. moreover, the cftc’s dodd-frank regulations preserve the ability of end users in the energy industry to hedge their risks using swaps without being subject to mandatory clearing, and excepts or exempts end-users from many of the other substantive regulations. accordingly, as an end-user, generation is conducting its commercial business in a manner that does not require registration with the cftc as an sd or msp. generation does not anticipate transacting in the future in a manner in which it would become a sd or msp.
there are, however, some rulemakings that have not yet been finalized, including the capital and margin rules for (non-cleared) swaps. generation does not expect these rules to directly impact its collateral requirements. however, depending on the substance of these final rules in addition to certain international regulatory requirements still under development and that are similar to dodd-frank, generation’s swap counterparties could be subject to additional and potentially significant capitalization requirements. these regulations could motivate the sds and msps to increase collateral requirements or cash postings from their counterparties, including generation.
generation continues to monitor the rulemaking proceedings with respect to the capital and margin rules, but cannot predict to what extent, if any, further refinements to dodd-frank requirements may impact its cash flows or financial position, but such impacts could be material.
comed, peco and bge could also be subject to some dodd-frank requirements to the extent they were to enter into swaps. however, at this time, management of comed, peco and bge continue to expect that their companies will not be materially affected by dodd-frank.
generation’s affiliation with comed, peco and bge, together with the presence of a substantial percentage of generation’s physical asset base within the comed, peco and bge service territories, could increase generation’s cost of doing business to the extent future complaints or challenges regarding comed, peco and/or bge retail rates result in settlements or legislative or regulatory requirements funded in part by generation. (exelon and generation)
generation has significant generating resources within the service areas of comed, peco and bge and makes significant sales to each of them. those facts tend to cause generation to be directly affected by developments in those markets. government officials, legislators and advocacy groups are aware of generation’s affiliation with comed, peco and bge and its sales to each of them. in periods of rising utility rates, particularly when driven by increased costs of energy production and supply, those officials and advocacy groups may question or challenge costs and transactions incurred by comed, peco, or bge, with generation, irrespective of any previous regulatory processes or approvals underlying those transactions. the prospect of such challenges may increase the time, complexity and cost of the associated regulatory proceedings, and the occurrence of such challenges may subject generation to a level of scrutiny not faced by other unaffiliated competitors in those markets. in addition, government officials and legislators may seek ways to force generation to contribute to efforts to mitigate potential or actual rate increases, through measures such as generation-based taxes and contributions to rate-relief packages.
the registrants may incur substantial costs to fulfill their obligations related to environmental and other matters. (exelon, generation, comed, peco and bge)
the businesses which the registrants operate are subject to extensive environmental regulation and legislation by local, state and federal authorities. these laws and regulations affect the manner in which the registrants conduct their operations and make capital expenditures including how they
handle air and water emissions and solid waste disposal. violations of these emission and disposal requirements can subject the registrants to enforcement actions, capital expenditures to bring existing facilities into compliance, additional operating costs for remediation and clean-up costs, civil penalties and exposure to third parties’ claims for alleged health or property damages or operating restrictions to achieve compliance. in addition, the registrants are subject to liability under these laws for the remediation costs for environmental contamination of property now or formerly owned by the registrants and of property contaminated by hazardous substances they generate. the registrants have incurred and expect to incur significant costs related to environmental compliance, site remediation and clean-up. remediation activities associated with mgp operations conducted by predecessor companies are one component of such costs. also, the registrants are currently involved in a number of proceedings relating to sites where hazardous substances have been deposited and may be subject to additional proceedings in the future.
if application of section 316(b) of the clean water act, which establishes a national requirement for reducing the adverse impacts to aquatic organisms at existing generating stations, requires the retrofitting of cooling water intake structures at salem or other exelon power plants, this development could result in material costs of compliance. pursuant to discussions with the njdep regarding the application of section 316(b) to oyster creek, generation agreed to permanently cease generation operations at oyster creek by december 31, 2019, ten years before the expiration of its operating license in 2029.
additionally, generation is subject to exposure for asbestos-related personal injury liability alleged at certain current and formerly owned generation facilities. future legislative action could require generation to make a material contribution to a fund to settle lawsuits for alleged asbestos-related disease and exposure.
in some cases, a third-party who has acquired assets from a registrant has assumed the liability the registrant may otherwise have for environmental matters related to the transferred property. if the transferee is unable, or fails, to discharge the assumed liability, a regulatory authority or injured person could attempt to hold the registrant responsible, and the registrant’s remedies against the transferee may be limited by the financial resources of the transferee. see note 22—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
changes in comed’s, peco’s and bge’s respective terms and conditions of service, including their respective rates, are subject to regulatory approval proceedings and/or negotiated settlements that are at times contentious, lengthy and subject to appeal, which lead to uncertainty as to the ultimate result and which may introduce time delays in effectuating rate changes. (exelon, comed, peco and bge)
comed, peco and bge are required to engage in regulatory approval proceedings as a part of the process of establishing the terms and rates for their respective services. these proceedings typically involve multiple parties, including governmental bodies and officials, consumer advocacy groups and various consumers of energy, who have differing concerns but who have the common objective of limiting rate increases or even reducing rates. the proceedings generally have timelines that may not be limited by statute. decisions are subject to appeal, potentially leading to additional uncertainty associated with the approval proceedings. the potential duration of such proceedings creates a risk that rates ultimately approved by the applicable regulatory body may not be sufficient for comed, peco or bge to recover its costs by the time the rates become effective. established rates are also subject to subsequent prudency reviews by state regulators, whereby various portions of rates can be adjusted, including recovery mechanisms for costs associated with the procurement of electricity or gas, bad debt, mgp remediation, smart grid infrastructure, and energy efficiency and demand response programs.
in certain instances, comed, peco and bge may agree to negotiated settlements related to various rate matters, customer initiatives or franchise agreements. these settlements are subject to regulatory approval.
comed, peco and bge cannot predict the ultimate outcomes of any settlements or the actions by illinois, pennsylvania, maryland or federal regulators in establishing rates, including the extent, if any, to which certain costs such as significant capital projects will be recovered or what rates of return will be allowed. nevertheless, the expectation is that comed, peco and bge will continue to be obligated to deliver electricity to customers in their respective service territories and will also retain significant polr and default service obligations to provide electricity and natural gas to certain groups of customers in their respective service areas who do not choose an alternative supplier. the ultimate outcome and timing of regulatory rate proceedings have a significant effect on the ability of comed, peco and bge, as applicable, to recover their costs and could have a material adverse effect on comed’s, peco’s and bge’s results of operations, cash flows and financial position. see note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding rate proceedings.
federal or additional state rps and/or energy conservation legislation, along with energy conservation by customers, could negatively affect the results of operations and cash flows of generation, comed, peco and bge. (exelon, generation, comed, peco and bge)
changes to current state legislation or the development of federal legislation that requires the use of renewable and alternate fuel sources, such as wind, solar, biomass and geothermal, could significantly impact generation, comed, peco and bge, especially if timely cost recovery is not allowed. the impact could include increased costs for recs and purchased power and increased rates for customers.
federal and state legislation mandating the implementation of energy conservation programs that require the implementation of new technologies, such as smart meters and smart grid, have increased capital expenditures and could significantly impact comed, peco and bge, if timely cost recovery is not allowed. furthermore, regulated energy consumption reduction targets and declines in customer energy consumption resulting from the implementation of new energy conservation technologies could lead to a decline in the revenues of exelon, comed, and peco. for additional information, see item 1. business “environmental regulation-renewable and alternative energy portfolio standards.”
the impact of not meeting the criteria of the fasb guidance for accounting for the effects of certain types of regulation could be material to exelon, comed, peco and bge. (exelon, comed, peco and bge)
as of december 31, 2014, exelon, comed, peco and bge have concluded that the operations of comed, peco and bge meet the criteria of the authoritative guidance for accounting for the effects of certain types of regulation. if it is concluded in a future period that a separable portion of their businesses no longer meets the criteria, exelon, comed, peco and bge would be required to eliminate the financial statement effects of regulation for that part of their business. that action would include the elimination of any or all regulatory assets and liabilities that had been recorded in their consolidated balance sheets and the recognition of a one-time charge in their consolidated statements of operations. the impact of not meeting the criteria of the authoritative guidance could be material to the financial statements of exelon, comed, peco and bge. at december 31, 2014, the gain (loss) could have been as much as $(2.6) billion, $811 million and $480 million (before taxes) as a result of the elimination of comed’s, peco’s and bge’s regulatory assets and liabilities, respectively.
further, exelon would record a charge against oci (before taxes) of up to $2.6 billion and $663 million for comed and bge, respectively, related to exelon’s net regulatory assets associated with its defined benefit postretirement plans. exelon also has a net regulatory liability of $53 million (before taxes) associated with peco’s defined benefit postretirement plans that would result in an increase in oci if reversed. the impacts and resolution of the above items could lead to an additional impairment of comed’s goodwill, which could be significant and at least partially offset the gain at comed discussed above. a significant decrease in equity as a result of any changes could limit the ability of comed, peco and bge to pay dividends under federal and state law and no longer meeting the regulatory accounting criteria could cause significant volatility in future results of operations. see notes 1—significant accounting policies, 3—regulatory matters and 10—intangible assets of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding accounting for the effects of regulation, regulatory matters and comed’s goodwill, respectively.
exelon and generation may incur material costs of compliance if federal and/or state regulation or legislation is adopted to address climate change. (exelon and generation)
various stakeholders, including legislators and regulators, shareholders and non-governmental organizations, as well as other companies in many business sectors, including utilities, are considering ways to address the effect of ghg emissions on climate change. in 2009, select northeast and mid-atlantic states implemented a model rule, developed via the rggi, to regulate co2 emissions from fossil-fired generation. rggi states are working on updated programs to further limit emissions and the epa has introduced regulation to address greenhouse gases from new fossil plants that could potentially impact existing plants. if carbon reduction regulation or legislation becomes effective, exelon and generation may incur costs either to limit further the ghg emissions from their operations or to procure emission allowance credits. for example, more stringent permitting requirements may preclude the construction of lower-carbon nuclear and gas-fired power plants. similarly, a federal rps could increase the cost of compliance by mandating the purchase or construction of more expensive supply alternatives. for more information regarding climate change, see item 1. business “global climate change” and note 22—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
the registrants could be subject to higher costs and/or penalties related to mandatory reliability standards, including the likely exposure of comed, peco, and bge to the results of pjm’s rtep and nerc compliance requirements. (exelon, generation, comed, peco and bge)
as a result of the energy policy act of 2005, users, owners and operators of the bulk power transmission system, including generation, comed, peco and bge, are subject to mandatory reliability standards promulgated by nerc and enforced by ferc. as operators of natural gas distribution systems, peco and bge are also subject to mandatory reliability standards of the u.s. department of transportation. the standards are based on the functions that need to be performed to ensure the bulk power system operates reliably and are guided by reliability and market interface principles. compliance with or changes in the reliability standards may subject the registrants to higher operating costs and/or increased capital expenditures. in addition, the icc, papuc and mdpsc impose certain distribution reliability standards on comed, peco and bge, respectively. if the registrants were found not to be in compliance with the mandatory reliability standards, they could be subject to remediation costs as well as sanctions, which could include substantial monetary penalties.
comed, peco and bge as transmission owners are subject to nerc compliance requirements. nerc provides guidance to transmission owners regarding assessments of transmission lines. the results of these assessments may require comed, peco and bge to incur incremental capital or
operating and maintenance expenditures to ensure their transmission lines meet nerc standards. uncertainties exist as to the construction of new transmission facilities, their cost and how those costs will be allocated to transmission system participants and customers. in accordance with a ferc order and related settlement, pjm’s rtep requires the costs of new transmission facilities to be allocated across the entire pjm footprint for new facilities greater than or equal to 500 kv, and requires costs of new facilities less than 500 kv to be allocated to the beneficiaries of the new facilities. following a remand from the u.s. court of appeals for the seventh circuit, ferc reaffirmed its decision related to allocation of new facilities 500 kv and above. the u.s. court of appeals for the seventh circuit remanded this decision a second time. on december 18, 2014, ferc issued an order setting an evidentiary hearing and settlement proceeding regarding the issue of the cost allocation for facilities 500 kv and above. this ferc order only applies to facilities included in the pjm rtep prior to february 1, 2013. for facilities subsequently approved, the costs of new facilities that are double circuit 345 kv or greater than or equal to 500 kv will be allocated 50% across the entire pjm footprint and 50% allocated to identified beneficiaries. costs for all other facilities will be allocated to all identified beneficiaries. this later decision is subject to rehearing by ferc and possible appeal.
see note 3—regulatory matters and note 22—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
the registrants cannot predict the outcome of the legal proceedings relating to their business activities. an adverse determination could have a material adverse effect on their results of operations, financial positions and cash flows. (exelon, generation, comed, peco and bge)
the registrants are involved in legal proceedings, claims and litigation arising out of their business operations, the most significant of which are summarized in note 22—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements. adverse outcomes in these proceedings could require significant expenditures that could have a material adverse effect on the registrants’ results of operations.
generation may be negatively affected by possible nuclear regulatory commission actions that could affect the operations and profitability of its nuclear generating fleet. (exelon and generation)
regulatory risk. a change in the atomic energy act or the applicable regulations or licenses may require a substantial increase in capital expenditures or may result in increased operating or decommissioning costs and significantly affect generation’s results of operations or financial position. events at nuclear plants owned by others, as well as those owned by generation, may cause the nrc to initiate such actions.
as an example, prior to the fukushima daiichi accident on march 11, 2011, the nrc had been evaluating seismic risk. after the fukushima daiichi accident, the nrc’s focus on seismic risk intensified. as part of the nrc near-term task force (task force) review and evaluation of the fukushima daiichi accident, the task force recommended that plant operators conduct seismic reevaluations. in january 2012, the nrc released an updated seismic risk model that plant operators must use in performing the seismic reevaluations recommended by the task force. these reevaluations could result in the required implementation of additional mitigation strategies or modifications.
spent nuclear fuel storage. the approval of a national repository for the storage of snf, such as the one previously considered at yucca mountain, nevada, and the timing of such facility opening, will
significantly affect the costs associated with storage of snf, and the ultimate amounts received from the doe to reimburse generation for these costs. the nrc’s temporary storage rule (also referred to as the “waste confidence decision”) recognizes that licensees can safely store spent nuclear fuel at nuclear power plants for up to 60 years beyond the original and renewed licensed operating life of the plants. in june 2012, the united states court of appeals for the dc circuit vacated the nrc’s temporary storage rule on the grounds that the nrc should have conducted a more comprehensive environmental review to support the rule. on september 19, 2014, the nrc issued a revised rule codifying the nrc’s generic determinations regarding the environmental impacts of continued storage of spent nuclear fuel beyond a reactor’s licensed operating life. the continued storage rule became effective on october 20, 2014.
any regulatory action relating to the timing and availability of a repository for snf may adversely affect generation’s ability to decommission fully its nuclear units. through may 15, 2014, in accordance with the nwpa and generation’s contract with the doe, generation paid the doe a fee per kwh of net nuclear generation for the cost of snf disposal. on november 19, 2013, the united states court of appeals for the district of columbia circuit ordered the doe to submit to congress a proposal to reduce the current snf disposal fee to zero, unless and until there is a viable disposal program. on january 3, 2014, the doe filed a petition for rehearing which was denied by the d.c. circuit court on march 18, 2014. also, on january 3, 2014, the doe submitted a proposal to congress to reduce the current snf disposal fee to zero. on may 9, 2014, the doe notified generation that the snf disposal fee was set to zero, effective may 16, 2014. until such time as a new fee structure is in effect, exelon and generation will not accrue any further costs related to snf disposal fees. generation currently estimates 2025 to be the earliest date when the doe will begin accepting snf, which could be delayed by further regulatory action. see note 22—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the spent nuclear fuel obligation. generation cannot predict what, if any, fee will be established in the future for snf disposal. however, such a fee could be material to generation’s results of operations and cash flows.
license renewals. generation cannot assure that economics will support the continued operation of the facilities for all or any portion of any renewed license period. if the nrc does not renew the operating licenses for generation’s nuclear stations or a station cannot be operated through the end of its operating license, generation’s results of operations could be adversely affected by increased depreciation rates, impairment charges and accelerated future decommissioning costs, since depreciation rates and decommissioning cost estimates currently include assumptions that license renewal will be received. in addition, generation may lose revenue and incur increased fuel and purchased power expense to meet supply commitments.
operational factors the registrants’ employees, contractors, customers and the general public may be exposed to a risk of injury due to the nature of the energy industry. (exelon, generation, comed, peco and bge)
employees and contractors throughout the organization work in, and customers and the general public may be exposed to, potentially dangerous environments near their operations. as a result, employees, contractors, customers and the general public are at risk for serious injury, including loss of life. significant risks include nuclear accidents, dam failure, gas explosions, pole strikes and electric contact cases.
natural disasters, war, acts and threats of terrorism, pandemic and other significant events may adversely affect exelon’s results of operations, its ability to raise capital and its future growth. (exelon, generation, comed, peco and bge)
generation’s fleet of power plants and comed’s, peco’s and bge’s distribution and transmission infrastructures could be affected by natural disasters, such as seismic activity, more frequent and more extreme weather events, changes in temperature and precipitation patterns, changes to ground and surface water availability, sea level rise and other related phenomena. severe weather or other natural disasters could be destructive, which could result in increased costs, including supply chain costs. an extreme weather event within the registrants’ service areas can also directly affect their capital assets, causing disruption in service to customers due to downed wires and poles or damage to other operating equipment. an example of such an event was the february 5, 2014 ice storm, which interrupted electric service delivery to customers in peco’s service territory and resulted in significant restoration costs.
another example of such an event includes the 9.0 magnitude earthquake and ensuing tsunami experienced by japan on march 11, 2011, that seriously damaged the nuclear units at the fukushima daiichi nuclear power station, which are operated by tokyo electric power co. natural disasters and other significant events increase the risk to generation that the nrc or other regulatory or legislative bodies may change the laws or regulations governing, among other things, operations, maintenance, licensed lives, decommissioning, snf storage, insurance, emergency planning, security and environmental and radiological aspects. in addition, natural disasters could affect the availability of a secure and economical supply of water in some locations, which is essential for generation’s continued operation, particularly the cooling of generating units. additionally, natural disasters and other events that have an adverse effect on the economy in general may adversely affect the registrants’ operations and their ability to raise capital.
exelon does not know the impact that potential terrorist attacks could have on the industry in general and on exelon in particular. as owner-operators of infrastructure facilities, such as nuclear, fossil and hydroelectric generation facilities and electric and gas transmission and distribution facilities, the registrants face a risk that their operations would be direct targets or indirect casualties of, an act of terror. any retaliatory military strikes or sustained military campaign may affect their operations in unpredictable ways, such as changes in insurance markets and disruptions of fuel supplies and markets, particularly oil. furthermore, these catastrophic events could compromise the physical or cyber security of exelon’s facilities, which could adversely affect exelon’s ability to manage its business effectively. instability in the financial markets as a result of terrorism, war, natural disasters, pandemic, credit crises, recession or other factors also may result in a decline in energy consumption, which may adversely affect the registrants’ results of operations and its ability to raise capital. in addition, the implementation of security guidelines and measures has resulted in and is expected to continue to result in increased costs.
the registrants would be significantly affected by the outbreak of a pandemic. exelon has plans in place to respond to a pandemic. however, depending on the severity of a pandemic and the resulting impacts to workforce and other resource availability, the ability to operate its generating and transmission and distribution assets could be affected, resulting in decreased service levels and increased costs.
in addition, exelon maintains a level of insurance coverage consistent with industry practices against property and casualty losses subject to unforeseen occurrences or catastrophic events that may damage or destroy assets or interrupt operations. however, there can be no assurance that the amount of insurance will be adequate to address such property and casualty losses.
generation’s financial performance may be negatively affected by matters arising from its ownership and operation of nuclear facilities. (exelon and generation)
nuclear capacity factors. capacity factors for generating units, particularly capacity factors for nuclear generating units, significantly affect generation’s results of operations. nuclear plant operations involve substantial fixed operating costs but produce electricity at low variable costs due to nuclear fuel costs typically being lower than fossil fuel costs. consequently, to be successful, generation must consistently operate its nuclear facilities at high capacity factors. lower capacity factors increase generation’s operating costs by requiring generation to produce additional energy from primarily its fossil facilities or purchase additional energy in the spot or forward markets in order to satisfy generation’s obligations to committed third-party sales, including comed, peco and bge. these sources generally have higher costs than generation incurs to produce energy from its nuclear stations.
nuclear refueling outages. in general, refueling outages are planned to occur once every 18 to 24 months. the total number of refueling outages, along with their duration, can have a significant impact on generation’s results of operations. when refueling outages at wholly and co-owned plants last longer than anticipated or generation experiences unplanned outages, capacity factors decrease and generation faces lower margins due to higher energy replacement costs and/or lower energy sales.
nuclear fuel quality. the quality of nuclear fuel utilized by generation can affect the efficiency and costs of generation’s operations. certain of generation’s nuclear units have previously had a limited number of fuel performance issues. remediation actions could result in increased costs due to accelerated fuel amortization, increased outage costs and/or increased costs due to decreased generation capabilities.
operational risk. operations at any of generation’s nuclear generation plants could degrade to the point where generation has to shut down the plant or operate at less than full capacity. if this were to happen, identifying and correcting the causes may require significant time and expense. generation may choose to close a plant rather than incur the expense of restarting it or returning the plant to full capacity. in either event, generation may lose revenue and incur increased fuel and purchased power expense to meet supply commitments. in addition, generation may not achieve the anticipated results under its series of planned power uprates across its nuclear fleet. for plants operated but not wholly owned by generation, generation may also incur liability to the co-owners. for plants not operated and not wholly owned by generation, from which generation receives a portion of the plants’ output, generation’s results of operations are dependent on the operational performance of the operators and could be adversely affected by a significant event at those plants. additionally, poor operating performance at nuclear plants not owned by generation could result in increased regulation and reduced public support for nuclear-fueled energy, which could significantly affect generation’s results of operations or financial position. in addition, closure of generating plants owned by others, or extended interruptions of generating plants or failure of transmission lines, could affect transmission systems that could adversely affect the sale and delivery of electricity in markets served by generation.
nuclear major incident risk. although the safety record of nuclear reactors generally has been very good, accidents and other unforeseen problems have occurred both in the united states and abroad. the consequences of a major incident can be severe and include loss of life and property damage. any resulting liability from a nuclear plant major incident within the united states, owned or operated by generation or owned by others, may exceed generation’s resources, including insurance coverage. uninsured losses and other expenses, to the extent not recovered from insurers or the nuclear industry, could be borne by generation and could have a material adverse effect on generation’s results of operations or financial position. additionally, an accident or other significant
event at a nuclear plant within the united states or abroad, owned by others or generation, may result in increased regulation and reduced public support for nuclear-fueled energy and significantly affect generation’s results of operations or financial position.
nuclear insurance. as required by the price-anderson act, generation carries the maximum available amount of nuclear liability insurance. the required amount of nuclear liability insurance is $375 million for each operating site. claims exceeding that amount are covered through mandatory participation in a financial protection pool. in addition, the u.s. congress could impose revenue-raising measures on the nuclear industry to pay claims exceeding the $13.6 billion limit for a single incident.
generation is a member of an industry mutual insurance company, neil, which provides property and business interruption insurance for generation’s nuclear operations. in previous years, neil has made distributions to its members but generation cannot predict the level of future distributions or if they will occur at all. see note 22—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of nuclear insurance.
decommissioning. nrc regulations require that licensees of nuclear generating facilities demonstrate reasonable assurance that funds will be available in certain minimum amounts at the end of the life of the facility to decommission the facility. generation is required to provide to the nrc a biennial report by unit (annually for generation’s two units that have been retired) addressing generation’s ability to meet the nrc-estimated funding levels including scheduled contributions to and earnings on the decommissioning trust funds. the nrc funding levels are based upon the assumption that decommissioning will commence after the end of the current licensed life of each unit.
forecasting trust fund investment earnings and costs to decommission nuclear generating stations requires significant judgment, and actual results may differ significantly from current estimates. the performance of capital markets also can significantly affect the value of the trust funds. currently, generation is making contributions to certain trust funds of the former peco units based on amounts being collected by peco from its customers and remitted to generation. while generation, through peco, has recourse to collect additional amounts from peco customers (subject to certain limitations and thresholds), it has no recourse to collect additional amounts from utility customers for any of its other nuclear units if there is a shortfall of funds necessary for decommissioning. if circumstances changed such that generation would be unable to continue to make contributions to the trust funds of the former peco units based on amounts collected from peco customers, or if generation no longer had recourse to collect additional amounts from peco customers if there was a shortfall of funds for decommissioning, the adequacy of the trust funds related to the former peco units may be negatively affected and exelon’s and generation’s results of operations and financial position could be significantly affected. see note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
ultimately, if the investments held by generation’s ndts are not sufficient to fund the decommissioning of generation’s nuclear units, generation may be required to take steps, such as providing financial guarantees through letters of credit or parent company guarantees or making additional contributions to the trusts, which could be significant, to ensure that the trusts are adequately funded and that current and future nrc minimum funding requirements are met. as a result, generation’s cash flows and financial position may be significantly adversely affected. additionally, if the pledged assets are not sufficient to fund the zion station decommissioning activities under the asset sale agreement (asa), generation may have to seek remedies available under the asa to reduce the risk of default by zionsolutions and its parent. see note 15—asset retirement obligations of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
generation’s financial performance may be negatively affected by risks arising from its ownership and operation of hydroelectric facilities. (exelon and generation)
ferc has the exclusive authority to license most non-federal hydropower projects located on navigable waterways, federal lands or connected to the interstate electric grid. the license for the conowingo hydroelectric project expires august 31, 2015, and the license for the muddy run pumped storage project expires on september 1, 2015. generation cannot predict whether it will receive all the regulatory approvals for the renewed licenses of its hydroelectric facilities. if ferc does not issue new operating licenses for generation’s hydroelectric facilities or a station cannot be operated through the end of its operating license, generation’s results of operations could be adversely affected by increased depreciation rates and accelerated future decommissioning costs, since depreciation rates and decommissioning cost estimates currently include assumptions that license renewal will be received. generation may also lose revenue and incur increased fuel and purchased power expense to meet supply commitments. in addition, conditions may be imposed as part of the license renewal process that may adversely affect operations, may require a substantial increase in capital expenditures or may result in increased operating costs and significantly affect generation’s results of operations or financial position. similar effects may result from a change in the federal power act or the applicable regulations due to events at hydroelectric facilities owned by others, as well as those owned by generation.
comed’s, peco’s and bge’s operating costs, and customers’ and regulators’ opinions of comed, peco and bge, respectively, are affected by their ability to maintain the availability and reliability of their delivery and operational systems. (exelon, comed, peco and bge)
failures of the equipment or facilities, including information systems, used in comed’s, peco’s and bge’s delivery systems can interrupt the electric transmission and electric and natural gas delivery, which could negatively impact related revenues, and increase maintenance and capital expenditures. equipment or facilities failures can be due to a number of factors, including weather or information systems failure. specifically, if the implementation of advanced metering infrastructure, smart grid or other technologies in comed’s, peco’s or bge’s service territory fail to perform as intended or are not successfully integrated with billing and other information systems, comed’s, peco’s and bge’s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be adversely affected. furthermore, if any of the financial, accounting, or other data processing systems fail or have other significant shortcomings, comed’s, peco’s or bge’s financial results could be adversely affected. if an employee causes the operational systems to fail, either as a result of inadvertent error or by deliberately tampering with or manipulating the operational systems, comed’s, peco’s or bge’s financial results could also be adversely affected. in addition, dependence upon automated systems may further increase the risk that operational system flaws or employee tampering or manipulation of those systems will result in losses that are difficult to detect.
the aforementioned failures or those of other utilities, including prolonged or repeated failures, can affect customer satisfaction and the level of regulatory oversight and comed’s, peco’s and bge’s maintenance and capital expenditures. regulated utilities, which are required to provide service to all customers within their service territory, have generally been afforded liability protections against claims by customers relating to failure of service. under illinois law, however, comed can be required to pay damages to its customers in some circumstances involving extended outages affecting large numbers of its customers, and those damages could be material to comed’s results of operations and cash flows. see note 22—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding proceedings related to storm-related outages in comed’s service territory.
comed’s, peco’s and bge’s respective ability to deliver electricity, their operating costs and their capital expenditures may be negatively affected by transmission congestion. (exelon, comed, peco and bge)
demand for electricity within comed’s, peco’s and bge’s service areas could stress available transmission capacity requiring alternative routing or curtailment of electricity usage with consequent effects on operating costs, revenues and results of operations. also, insufficient availability of electric supply to meet customer demand could jeopardize comed’s, peco’s and bge’s ability to comply with reliability standards and strain customer and regulatory agency relationships. as with all utilities, potential concerns over transmission capacity or generation facility retirements could result in pjm or ferc requiring comed, peco and bge to upgrade or expand their respective transmission systems through additional capital expenditures.
failure to attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce may negatively impact the registrants’ results of operations. (exelon, generation, comed, peco and bge)
certain events, such as an employee strike, loss of contract resources due to a major event, and an aging workforce without appropriate replacements, may lead to operating challenges and increased costs for the registrants. the challenges include lack of resources, loss of knowledge and a lengthy time period associated with skill development. in this case, costs, including costs for contractors to replace employees, productivity costs and safety costs, may arise. the registrants are particularly affected due to the specialized knowledge required of the technical and support employees for their generation, transmission and distribution operations. if the registrants are unable to successfully attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce, their results of operations could be negatively affected.
the registrants are subject to physical and information security risks. (exelon, generation, comed, peco and bge)
the registrants face physical and information security risks as the owner-operators of generation, transmission and distribution facilities. a security breach of the physical assets or information systems of the registrants, their competitors, rtos and isos, or regulators could impact the operation of the generation fleet and/or reliability of the transmission and distribution system or subject the registrants to financial harm associated with theft or inappropriate release of certain types of information, including sensitive customer data. if a significant breach occurred, the reputation of exelon and its customer supply activities may be adversely affected, customer confidence in the registrants or others in the industry may be diminished, or exelon and its subsidiaries may be subject to legal claims, any of which may contribute to the loss of customers and have a negative impact on the business and/or results of operations. comed’s, peco’s and bge’s deployment of smart meters throughout their service territories may increase the risk of damage from an intentional disruption of the system by third parties. as with most companies in today’s environment, exelon experiences attempts by hackers to infiltrate its corporate network. to date there have been no infiltrations that have resulted in loss of data or any significant effects on business operations. exelon utilizes a dedicated team of cyber security professionals to ensure the protection of its information and ability to conduct business operations. despite the measures taken by the registrants to prevent a security breach, the registrants cannot accurately assess the probability that a security breach may occur and are unable to quantify the potential impact of such an event. in addition, new or updated security regulations could require changes in current measures taken by the registrants or their business operations and could adversely affect their results of operations, cash flows and financial position.
the registrants may make investments in new business initiatives, including initiatives mandated by regulators, and markets that may not be successful, and acquisitions may not achieve the intended financial results. (exelon, generation, comed, peco and bge)
generation continues to pursue growth in its existing businesses and markets and further diversification across the competitive energy value chain. generation is pursuing investment opportunities in renewables, development of natural gas generation, distributed generation, potential expansion of the existing natural gas and oil upstream and wholesale gas businesses, and entry into liquefied natural gas. such initiatives may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management from current operations, inadequate return on capital, and unidentified issues not discovered in the diligence performed prior to launching an initiative or entering a market. as these markets mature, there may be new market entrants or expansion by established competitors that increase competition for customers and resources. additionally, it is possible that ferc, state public utility commissions or others may impose certain other restrictions on such transactions. all of these factors could result in higher costs or lower revenues than expected, resulting in lower than planned returns on investment.
comed, peco and bge face risks associated with their regulatory-mandated smart grid initiatives. these risks include, but are not limited to, cost recovery, regulatory concerns, cyber security and obsolescence of technology. due to these risks, no assurance can be given that such initiatives will be successful and will not have a material adverse effect on comed’s, peco’s or bge’s financial results.
risks related to the pending merger with phi exelon and phi may encounter difficulties in satisfying the conditions for the completion of the merger and the merger may not be completed within the expected time frame or at all.
consummation of the merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of specified closing conditions, including (1) the approval of the merger by the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of the phi common stock, (2) the receipt of regulatory approvals required to consummate the merger, (3) the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the hsr act and (4) other customary closing conditions, including (a) the accuracy of each party’s representations and warranties (subject to customary materiality qualifiers) and (b) each party’s compliance with its obligations and covenants contained in the merger agreement. in addition, the obligation of exelon to consummate the merger is subject to the required regulatory approvals not, individually or in the aggregate, imposing terms, conditions, obligations or commitments that constitute a burdensome condition (as defined in the merger agreement).
in addition, conditions to the completion of the merger may fail to be satisfied. exelon or phi may terminate the merger agreement if the merger is not completed by july 29, 2015 except that, under certain circumstances, the date may be extended by exelon or phi to october 29, 2015. see note 4—mergers, acquisitions, and dispositions of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the status of the merger.
the merger is subject to the receipt of consent or approval from governmental entities that could delay the completion of the merger or impose conditions that could have a material adverse effect on the combined company or that could cause abandonment of the merger.
completion of the merger is conditioned upon the receipt of consents, orders, approvals or clearances, to the extent required, from the ferc, the fcc, the district of columbia public service commission, and the public utility commissions or similar entities in certain states in which the companies operate, including the delaware public service commission, mdpsc, the new jersey board of public utilities and the virginia department of public utilities. the merger is also subject to
review by the doj antitrust division, under the hsr act, and the expiration or earlier termination of the waiting period (and any extension of the waiting period) applicable to the merger is a condition to closing the merger. see note 4—mergers, acquisitions, and dispositions of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the status of regulatory approvals.
exelon and phi have proposed conditions for approval in some of the regulatory filings that have been made and may subsequently propose or agree to further conditions, even if such conditions could have an adverse effect on exelon, phi or the combined company.
exelon cannot provide assurance that all required regulatory consents or approvals will be obtained or that these consents or approvals will not contain terms, conditions or restrictions that would be detrimental to the combined company after the completion of the merger. the merger agreement generally permits exelon to terminate the merger agreement if the final terms of any of the required regulatory consents or approvals include burdensome conditions (as defined in the merger agreement). any substantial delay in obtaining satisfactory approvals or the imposition of any terms or conditions in connection with such approvals could cause a material reduction in the expected benefits of the merger.
failure to obtain regulatory approval may result in exelon’s payment of a reverse termination fee.
if the merger agreement is terminated under certain circumstances due to the failure to obtain regulatory approvals, the failure to obtain regulatory approvals without burdensome conditions, or the breach by exelon of its obligations in respect of obtaining regulatory approvals, exelon will be required to pay phi a reverse termination fee of up to $180 million, which would occur by means of phi’s election to redeem the outstanding nonvoting preferred securities purchased by exelon in connection with the execution of the merger agreement for no consideration other than the nominal par value of the stock.
failure to complete the merger could negatively affect the share price and the future business and financial results of exelon.
completion of the merger is not assured and is subject to risks, including the risks that approval of the transaction by governmental agencies will not be obtained or that certain other closing conditions will not be satisfied. if the merger is not completed, the ongoing businesses of exelon may be adversely affected and exelon will be subject to several risks, including:
•   having to pay certain significant costs relating to the merger without receiving the benefits of the merger, including, in certain circumstances, a termination fee of up to $180 million payable by exelon to phi under certain circumstances; and
•   the share price of exelon may decline if and to the extent that the current market prices reflect an assumption by the market that the merger will be completed.
exelon and phi have incurred and expect to incur additional non-recurring costs associated with combining the operations of the two companies. most of these costs will be transaction costs, including fees paid to financial and legal advisors related to the merger and related financing arrangements, and employment-related costs, including change-in- control related payments made to certain phi executives. in addition, if the closing of the merger is materially delayed, exelon may be required to pay financing costs without having realized any benefits from the merger during the period of delay.
exelon will also incur transaction fees and costs related to formulating integration plans. additional unanticipated costs may be incurred in the integration of the two companies’ businesses. although exelon expects that the elimination of costs, as well as the realization of other efficiencies related to the integration of the businesses, will exceed incremental transaction and merger-related costs over time, this net benefit may not be achieved in the near term, or at all.
exelon may not realize the expected benefits of the merger because of integration difficulties and other challenges.
the success of the phi acquisition will depend, in part, on exelon’s ability to realize all or some of the anticipated benefits from integrating phi’s business with exelon’s existing businesses. the integration process may be complex, costly and time-consuming. the challenges associated with integrating the operations of phi’s business include, among others:
•   delay in implementation of our business plan for the combined business;
•   unanticipated issues or costs in integrating financial, information technology, communications and other systems;
•   possible inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies, and compensation structures between phi’ s structure and our structure;
•   unanticipated changes in applicable laws and regulations;
•   difficulties in retention of key employees;
•   operating risks inherent in phi’s business and our business; and
•   unexpected regulatory requirements.
exelon and phi will be subject to various uncertainties while the merger is pending that may adversely affect their ability to attract and retain key employees, and potentially affect the company’s financial results.
uncertainty about the effect of the merger on employees, suppliers and customers may have an adverse effect on exelon and/or phi. these uncertainties may impair exelon’s and/or phi’s ability to attract, retain and motivate key personnel until the merger is completed and for a period of time thereafter, as employees and prospective employees may experience uncertainty about their future roles with the combined company. in addition, current and prospective exelon and phi employees may determine that they do not desire to work for the combined company for a variety of possible reasons.
the merger may divert attention of management at exelon and phi, which could detract from efforts to meet business goals.
the pursuit of the merger and the preparation for the integration may place a burden on management and internal resources. any significant diversion of management attention away from ongoing business concerns and any difficulties encountered in the transition and integration process could affect exelon’s and/or phi’s financial results. the process of integrating the operations of phi may require a disproportionate amount of resources and management attention. exelon’s future operations and cash flows will depend to a significant degree upon exelon’s ability to operate phi efficiently, achieve the strategic operating objectives for the business and realize cost savings and synergies. exelon’s management team may encounter unforeseen difficulties in managing the integration. in order to successfully integrate phi, exelon’s management team will need to focus on realizing anticipated synergies and cost savings on a timely basis while maintaining the efficiency of operations. any substantial diversion of management attention could affect exelon’s ability to achieve operational, financial and strategic objectives.
exelon intends to fund the cash consideration in the merger using a combination of approximately $3.5 billion of debt, up to $1.0 billion in cash from asset sales, and the remainder through issuance of equity (including mandatory convertible securities). see note 4—mergers, acquisitions, and dispositions and note 13—debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the merger financing.
the combined company’s assets, liabilities or results of operations could be adversely affected by unknown or unexpected events, conditions or actions that might occur at phi prior to the closing of the merger.
the phi assets, liabilities, business, financial condition, cash flows, operating results and prospects to be acquired or assumed by exelon by reason of the merger could be adversely affected before or after the merger closing as a result of previously unknown events or conditions occurring or existing before the merger closing. adverse changes in phi’s business or operations could occur or arise as a result of actions by phi, legal or regulatory developments including the emergence or unfavorable resolution of pre-acquisition loss contingencies, deteriorating general business, market, industry or economic conditions, and other factors both within and beyond the control of phi. a significant decline in the value of phi assets to be acquired by exelon or a significant increase in phi liabilities to be assumed by exelon could adversely affect the combined company’s future business, financial condition, cash flows, operating results and prospects.
exelon may record goodwill that could become impaired and adversely affect its operating results.
in accordance with gaap, the merger will be accounted for as an acquisition of phi common stock by exelon and will follow the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations. the assets and liabilities of phi will be consolidated with those of exelon. the excess of the purchase price over the fair values of phi’s assets and liabilities, if any, will be recorded as goodwill.
the amount of goodwill, which could be material, will be allocated to the appropriate reporting units of the combined company. exelon is required to assess goodwill for impairment at least annually by comparing the fair value of reporting units to the carrying value of those reporting units. to the extent the carrying value of any of those reporting units is greater than the fair value, a second step comparing the implied fair value of goodwill to the carrying amount would be required to determine if the goodwill is impaired. such a potential impairment could result in a material non-cash charge that would have a material impact on exelon’s future operating results and consolidated balance sheet.
legal proceedings in connection with the merger, the outcomes of which are uncertain, could delay or prevent the completion of the merger.
one of the conditions to the closing of the merger is that no judgment (whether preliminary, temporary or permanent) or other order by any court or other governmental entity shall be in effect that restrains, enjoins or otherwise prohibits or makes illegal the consummation of the merger.
phi and its directors have been named as defendants in purported class action lawsuits filed on behalf of named plaintiffs and other public stockholders challenging the proposed merger and seeking, among other things, to enjoin the defendants from consummating the merger on the agreed-upon terms. exelon has been named as a defendant in these lawsuits. exelon has also been named in a federal court case with similar claims. in september 2014, the parties reached a proposed settlement which is subject to court approval. final court approval of the proposed settlement is not expected to occur until the second quarter of 2015, at the earliest.
if a plaintiff in these or any other litigation claims that may be filed in the future is successful in obtaining an injunction prohibiting the parties from completing the merger on the terms contemplated by the merger agreement, the injunction may prevent the completion of the merger in the expected time frame or altogether. if completion of the merger is prevented or delayed, it could result in substantial costs to exelon. in addition, exelon could incur significant costs in connection with the lawsuits, including costs associated with the indemnification of phi’s directors and officers.
private parties who may believe they are adversely affected by the merger and individual states may bring legal actions under the antitrust laws in certain circumstances or intervene in regulatory proceedings. although exelon and phi believe the completion of the merger will not conflict with any antitrust law, there can be no assurance that a challenge to the merger on antitrust grounds will not be made or, if a challenge is made, what the result will be. under the merger agreement, exelon and phi have agreed to use their reasonable best efforts to obtain all regulatory clearances necessary to complete the merger as promptly as practicable. in addition, in order to complete the merger, exelon and phi may be required to comply with conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions imposed by regulatory agencies and any such conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions may have the effect of delaying completion of the merger, imposing additional material costs on or materially limiting exelon’s revenues after the completion of the merger, or otherwise reducing the anticipated benefits from the merger. in addition, any such conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions could result in the delay or abandonment of the merger.
prior to the completion of the merger, exelon and phi may, by their mutual agreement, amend or alter the terms of the merger agreement, including with respect to, among other things, the merger consideration to be received by phi stockholders or any covenants or agreements with respect to the parties’ respective operations pending completion of the merger. in addition, exelon may choose to waive requirements of the merger agreement, including some conditions to closing of the merger. any such amendments, alterations or waivers may have negative consequences to exelon.
risks related to the merger with constellation exelon may encounter unexpected difficulties or costs in meeting commitments it made under various orders and agreements associated with regulatory approvals for the constellation merger.
as a result of the process to obtain regulatory approvals required for the constellation merger, exelon is committed to various programs, contributions, investments and market mitigation measures in several settlement agreements and regulatory approval orders. it is possible that exelon may encounter delays, unexpected difficulties or costs in meeting these commitments in compliance with the terms of the relevant agreements and orders. failure to fulfill the commitments in accordance with their terms could result in increased costs or result in penalties or fines that could adversely affect exelon’s financial position and operating results.
item 7.   management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
exelon executive overview exelon, a utility services holding company, operates through the following principal subsidiaries:
•                                                  generation, whose integrated business consists of the generation, physical delivery and marketing of power across multiple geographical regions through its customer-facing business, constellation, which sells electricity and natural gas to both wholesale and retail customers. generation also sells renewable energy and other energy-related products and services, and engages in natural gas and oil exploration and production activities (upstream).
•                         as a result of the constellation merger, generation owns a 50.01% interest in ceng. during 2014, generation assumed the operating licenses and corresponding operational control of ceng’s nuclear fleet. as a result, exelon and generation fully consolidated ceng’s financial position and results of operations into their businesses beginning on april 1, 2014.
•   comed, whose business consists of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of electricity transmission and distribution services to retail customers in northern illinois, including the city of chicago.
•                                                 peco, whose business consists of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of electricity distribution and transmission services in southeastern pennsylvania, including the city of philadelphia, and the purchase and regulated retail sale of natural gas and the provision of distribution services in the pennsylvania counties surrounding the city of philadelphia.
•   bge, whose business consists of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and natural gas and the provision of electricity distribution and transmission and gas distribution services in central maryland, including the city of baltimore.
exelon has nine reportable segments consisting of generation’s six power marketing reportable segments (mid-atlantic, midwest, new england, new york, ercot and other regions in generation), comed, peco and bge. see note 24—segment information of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding exelon’s reportable segments.
through its business services subsidiary bsc, exelon provides its operating subsidiaries with a variety of support services at cost. the costs of these services are directly charged or allocated to the applicable operating segments. additionally, the results of exelon’s corporate operations include costs for corporate governance and interest costs and income from various investment and financing activities.
exelon’s consolidated financial information includes the results of its four separate operating subsidiary registrants, generation, comed, peco and bge, which, along with exelon, are collectively referred to as the registrants. the following combined management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is separately filed by exelon, generation, comed, peco and bge. however, none of the registrants makes any representation as to information related solely to any of the other registrants.
financial results. the following consolidated financial results reflect the results of exelon for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the same period in 2013. the 2014 financial results only include the operations of ceng on a fully consolidated basis from the date generation assumed operational control, april 1, 2014, through december 31, 2014. all amounts presented below are before the impact of income taxes, except as noted.
generation (a)                 comed                  peco                   bge               other                 exelon                 exelon operating revenues                                                                                                              $17,393                $4,564                $3,094                $3,165               $(787   )            $27,429                $24,888                $2,541
revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense (b)                                                                               7,468                 3,387                 1,833                 1,748                 (10   )             14,426                 14,164                   262
other operating expenses operating and maintenance                                                                                                         5,566                 1,429                   866                   717                 (10   )              8,568                  7,270                (1,298   )
total other operating                                                                                                             6,998                 2,409                 1,261                 1,309                  59                 12,036                 10,518                (1,518   )
expenses equity in (losses) earnings of unconsolidated affiliates                                                                            (20   )                 —                     —                     —                   —                    (20   )                 10                   (30   )
gain (loss) on sales of assets                                                                                                      437                     2                     —                     —                  (2   )                437                     13                   424
gain on consolidation and acquisition of businesses                                                                                 289                     —                     —                     —                   —                    289                      —                   289
operating income (loss)                                                                                                           1,176                   980                   572                   439                 (71   )              3,096                  3,669                  (573   )
(a)   on april 1, 2014, generation assumed operational control of ceng’s nuclear fleet. as a result, the 2014 financial results include ceng’s results of operations on a fully consolidated basis from april 1, 2014 through december 31, 2014.
(b)                                              the registrants’ evaluate operating performance using the measure of revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense. the registrants’ believe that revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense is a useful measurement because it provides information that can be used to evaluate its operational performance. revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense is not a presentation defined under gaap and may not be comparable to other companies’ presentations or deemed more useful than the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report.
operating revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense, which is a non-gaap measure discussed below, increased by $262 million as compared to 2013. the year-over-year increase reflects the inclusion of ceng’s results beginning april 1, 2014 and was primarily due to the following favorable factors:
•                                                        increase of $815 million at generation primarily due to the inclusion of ceng’s results beginning april 1, 2014 through december 31, 2014, a decrease in fuel costs related to the cancellation of doe spent nuclear fuel disposal fees, increased capacity prices related to the reliability pricing model (rpm) for the pjm interconnection, llc (pjm) market, and favorable portfolio management activities in the new england and south regions; partially offset by higher procurement costs for replacement power related to the extreme cold weather in the first quarter of 2014 and lower realized energy prices related to executing generation’s ratable hedging strategy;
•   increase of $365 million at generation related to the reduction in amortization of in-the-money energy contracts recorded at fair value at the constellation merger date and an increase related to the amortization of out-of-the money energy contracts recorded at fair value upon the consolidation of ceng;
•    increase of $30 million at comed primarily reflecting higher transmission revenue due to increased capital investment and an increase of $93 million as a result of increased cost recovery associated with energy efficiency programs and uncollectible accounts expense (both offset below in operating and maintenance expense);
•   increase of $33 million at peco primarily due to increased recovery from regulatory programs (offset below primarily in operating and maintenance expense); and
•                                             increase of $104 million at bge primarily due to increased distribution revenue as a result of the 2013 and 2014 electric and natural gas distribution rate case orders issued by the maryland psc, increased cost recovery for energy efficiency and demand response programs (offset below in depreciation and amortization expense), and increased transmission revenue pursuant to increased rates effective june
the year-over-year increase in operating revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense was partially offset by the following unfavorable factors:
•   decrease of $1,095 million at generation due to mark-to-market losses of $591 million in 2014 from economic hedging activities compared to $504 million in mark-to-market gains in 2013.
•   decrease of $16 million at comed due to unfavorable weather in the comed service territory.
operating and maintenance expense increased by $1,298 million as compared to 2013 primarily due to the following unfavorable factors:
•                                                     increase in generation’s labor, contracting and materials costs of $361 million primarily due to the inclusion of ceng’s results from april 1,
2014 through december 31, 2014, an increase of $44 million resulting from expenses recorded for a constellation merger commitment, an increase of $54 million as a result of an increase in the number of planned nuclear refueling outage days at generation, primarily related to the inclusion of ceng’s plants beginning april 1, 2014, and an increase of $16 million in the reserve for future asbestos-related bodily injury claims;
•   increase in labor, contracting and materials costs of $56 million at comed associated with eima smart meter projects and $22 million at bge due to increased maintenance activities;
•   increase in generation’s accretion expense of $78 million primarily due to the inclusion of ceng’s results from april 1, 2014 through december 31, 2014;
•   long-lived asset impairments at generation of $663 million in 2014 compared to $157 million in 2013.
•   increased storm costs at peco and bge of $100 million and $21 million, respectively;
•   increased spending on energy and efficiency programs and increased uncollectible accounts expense at comed of $93 million; and
•   increased uncollectible accounts expense at bge of $17 million.
the year-over-year increase in operating and maintenance expense was partially offset by the following favorable factor:
•                                        a reduction in pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense of $178 million primarily at exelon, generation, and comed, resulting from plan design changes for certain opeb plans and the favorable impact of higher actuarially assumed pension and opeb discount rates for 2014, partially offset by the inclusion of ceng’s pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense from april 1, 2014 through december 31, 2014.
depreciation and amortization expense increased by $161 million primarily as a result of the inclusion of ceng’s results from april 1, 2014 through december 31, 2014, increased depreciation expense across the operating companies for ongoing capital expenditures, and higher regulatory asset amortization related to energy efficiency and demand response expenditures.
exelon recorded $437 million at generation as a result of gains recorded on the sales of ownership interest in certain generating stations in 2014.
exelon recorded a $261 million gain upon consolidation of ceng resulting from the difference in fair value of ceng’s net assets as of april 1, 2014, and the equity method investment previously recorded on generation’s and exelon’s books and the settlement of pre-existing transactions between generation and ceng. additionally, exelon recorded a $28 million bargain-purchase gain related to the integrys acquisition.
interest expense decreased by $291 million primarily as a result of a decrease in 2014 given comed’s 2013 remeasurement of exelon’s like-kind exchange tax positions, offset at exelon by an increase in 2014 related to financing activities associated with the pending phi merger.
other, net increased by $5 million primarily at generation as a result of favorable settlements in 2014 of certain income tax positions on constellation’s pre-acquisition 2009-2012 tax returns and the change in realized and unrealized gains and losses on ndt funds.
exelon’s effective income tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 were 26.8% and 37.6%, respectively. see note 14—income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the components of the effective income tax rates.
for further detail regarding the financial results for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, including explanation of the non-gaap measure revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense, see the discussions of results of operations by segment below.
adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings exelon’s adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings for the year ended december 31, 2014 were $2,068 million, or $2.39 per diluted share, compared with adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings of $2,149 million, or $2.50 per diluted share, for the same period in 2013. in addition to net income,
exelon evaluates its operating performance using the measure of adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings because management believes it represents earnings directly related to the ongoing operations of the business. adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings exclude certain costs, expenses, gains and losses and other specified items. this information is intended to enhance an investor’s overall understanding of year-to-year operating results and provide an indication of exelon’s baseline operating performance excluding items that are considered by management to be not directly related to the ongoing operations of the business. in addition, this information is among the primary indicators management uses as a basis for evaluating performance, allocating resources, setting incentive compensation targets and planning and forecasting of future periods. adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings is not a presentation defined under gaap and may not be comparable to other companies’ presentations or deemed more useful than the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report.
the following table provides a reconciliation between net income attributable to common shareholders as determined in accordance with gaap and adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to 2013:
mark-to-market impact of economic hedging activities (a)                   363                     0.42                   (310   )                (0.35   )
amortization of commodity contract intangibles (f)                          64                     0.07                    347                     0.41
reassessment of state deferred income taxes (g)                            (27   )                (0.03   )                  4                        —
long-lived asset impairments (h)                                           435                     0.50                    110                     0.14
remeasurement of like-kind exchange tax position (m)                         —                        —                    267                     0.31
midwest generation bankruptcy charges (n)                                    —                        —                     16                     0.02
amortization of the fair value of certain debt (o)                           —                        —                     (7   )                (0.01   )
adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings                                  $2,068                    $2.39                 $2,149                    $2.50
(a)                           reflects the impact of losses (gains) for the years ended december 31, 2014 and december 31, 2013 (net of taxes of $232 million and ($201) million, respectively) on generation’s economic hedging activities. see note 12—derivative financial instruments of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional detail related to generation’s hedging activities.
(b)                               reflects the impact of unrealized gains for the years ended december 31, 2014 and december 31, 2013 (net of taxes of $(77) million and $(144) million, respectively) on generation’s ndt fund investments for non-regulatory agreement units. see note 15—asset retirement obligations of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional detail related to generation’s ndt fund investments.
(c)   reflects the impacts associated with the sales of generation’s ownership interests in generating stations for the years ended december 31, 2014 and december 31,
2013 (net of taxes of $(163) million and ($4) million, respectively).
(d)   reflects the impacts of a decrease in generation’s decommissioning obligation for the year ended december 31, 2014 (net of taxes of $(4) million). reflects the impacts of an increase in generation’s asset retirement obligation for asbestos at retired fossil plants for the year ended december 31, 2013 (net of taxes of $5 million).
(e)                                              reflects certain costs incurred for the years ended december 31, 2014 and december 31, 2013 (net of taxes of $84 million and $33 million, respectively) including professional fees, employee-related expenses, integration activities, upfront credit facilities, merger commitments, and certain pre-acquisition contingencies, if and when applicable to the constellation merger in 2013 and the constellation merger, ceng integration, acquisition of integrys energy services, inc. (integrys) and pending phi acquisition in 2014.
(f)                            reflects the non-cash impact for the years ended december 31, 2014 and december 31, 2013 (net of taxes of $68 million and $219 million, respectively) of the amortization of intangibles assets, net, related to commodity contracts recorded at fair value at the 2012 constellation merger date, the 2014 ceng integration date, and the 2014 integrys acquisition date.
(g)   reflects the non-cash impacts of the remeasurement of state deferred income taxes, primarily as a result of changes in forecasted apportionment.
(h)                          in 2014, reflects charges to earnings related to the impairments of certain generating assets held for sale, upstream assets, and wind generating assets (net of taxes of $250
million). in 2013, reflects a charge to earnings primarily related to the cancellation of previously capitalized nuclear uprate projects and the impairment of certain wind generating assets (net of taxes of $69 million).
(i)   reflects the excess of the fair value of assets and liabilities acquired over the purchase price for the integrys acquisition (net of taxes of $(16) million) on november 1,
(j)   reflects the non-cash gain recorded upon consolidation of ceng in accordance with the execution of the nosa on april 1, 2014 (net of taxes of $(102) million).
(k)   reflects a benefit related to the favorable settlement in 2014 of certain income tax positions on constellation’s pre-acquisition
(l)   pursuant to the april 1, 2014 consolidation, represents adjustments to account for the ceng interest not owned by generation, where applicable.
(m)                           for 2013, reflects a non-cash charge to earnings (net of taxes of $102 million) resulting from the remeasurement of a like-kind exchange tax position taken on comed’s 1999 sale of fossil generating assets. see note 14—income taxes of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(n)   reflects costs incurred in 2013 to establish estimated liabilities (net of taxes of $10 million) pursuant to the midwest generation bankruptcy, primarily related to lease payments under a coal rail car lease and estimated payments for asbestos-related personal injury claims.
(o)   reflects the 2013 non-cash amortization of certain debt (net of taxes of ($5) million) recorded at fair value at the constellation merger date which was retired in the second quarter of 2013. see note 4—mergers, acquisitions, and dispositions of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
merger and acquisition costs as discussed above, exelon has incurred and will continue to incur costs associated with the integrys and phi acquisitions including employee-related expenses (e.g. severance, retirement, relocation and retention bonuses), financing costs, integration initiatives, and certain pre-acquisition contingencies.
merger integration and acquisition costs:   generation                comed               peco                bge                    exelon financing                                   $—                        $—                  $—                  $—                       $131
merger integration costs:                   generation                comed               peco                bge                    exelon employee-related                            $48                       $4                  $3                  $1                        $58
(a)   reflects costs incurred at exelon related to the financing of the phi merger, including upfront credit facility fees.
(b)   reflects costs incurred at generation for a constellation merger commitment.
(c)   external, third party costs paid to advisors, consultants, lawyers and other experts to assist in the due diligence and regulatory approval processes and in the closing of transactions.
(d)   costs primarily for employee severance, pension and opeb expense and retention bonuses. comed established regulatory assets of $2 million for the year ended december 31,
2013. the majority of these costs are expected to be recovered over a five-year period. these costs are not included in the table above.
(e)                                        costs to integrate ceng and constellation processes and systems into exelon and to terminate certain constellation debt agreements. for the year ended december 31, 2014, also includes professional fees primarily related to integration for the proposed phi acquisition. comed and bge established regulatory assets of $9 million and $12 million, respectively, for the year ended december 31, 2013, for certain other merger and integration costs, which are not included in the table above.
as of december 31, 2014, exelon projects incurring total additional phi acquisition and integration related expenses of $650 million, of which approximately $100 million is expected to be capitalized to property, plant and equipment excluding the direct investment exelon and phi have proposed to the phi utilities respective customers.
pursuant to the conditions set forth by the mdpsc in its approval of the merger transaction, exelon committed to provide a package of benefits to bge customers, and make certain investments in the city of baltimore and the state of maryland, resulting in an estimated direct investment in the state of maryland of approximately $1 billion. the direct investment estimate includes $95 million to $120 million for the requirement to cause construction of a headquarters building in baltimore for generation’s competitive energy businesses. on march 20, 2013, generation signed a twenty-year lease agreement that was contingent upon the developer obtaining all required approvals, permits and
financing for the construction of a building in baltimore, maryland. the operating lease became effective during the second quarter of 2014 when these outstanding contingencies were met by the developer. the building is expected to be ready for occupancy in approximately 2 years. see note 22—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further information related to the lease commitments.
exelon’s strategy and outlook for 2015 and beyond exelon’s value proposition and competitive advantage come from its scope and scale across the energy value chain and its core strengths of operational excellence and financial discipline. exelon’s strategy is to leverage its integrated business model to create value and diversify its business. exelon’s competitive and regulated businesses feature a mix of attributes that, when combined, offer shareholders and customers a unique value proposition:
•   generation’s competitive businesses provide commodity exposure and a platform to diversify into adjacent markets, while providing residual dividend support.
•   exelon’s utilities provide a foundation for stable earnings and dividend support, which translates to a stable currency in our stock.
exelon believes its strategy provides a platform for optimal success in an energy industry experiencing fundamental and sweeping change. while enhancing exelon’s core value, it enables it to take advantage of a myriad of opportunities, rather than focusing on any one segment of the energy industry value chain.
generation’s competitive businesses create value for customers by providing innovative solutions and reliable, clean and affordable energy. generation’s electricity generation strategy is to pursue opportunities that provide generation to load matching and that diversify the generation fleet by expanding generation’s regional and technological footprint. generation leverages its energy generation portfolio to ensure delivery of energy to both wholesale and retail customers under long-term and short-term contracts, and in wholesale power markets. generation’s customer-facing activities foster development and delivery of other innovative energy-related products and services for its customers. generation operates in well-developed energy markets and employs an integrated hedging strategy to manage commodity price volatility. its generation fleet, including its nuclear plants which consistently operate at high capacity factors, also provide geographic and supply source diversity. these factors help generation mitigate the current challenging conditions in competitive energy markets.
exelon’s utility strategy is to improve reliability and operations and enhance the customer experience, while ensuring ratemaking mechanisms provide the utilities fair financial returns. the exelon utilities only invest in rate base where it provides a net benefit to customers and the community by increasing reliability and the service experience or otherwise meeting customer needs. the exelon utilities make these investments prudently and at the lowest reasonable cost to customers. exelon seeks to leverage its scale and expertise across the utilities platform through enhanced standardization and sharing of best practices to achieve improved operational and financial results. combined, the utilities plan to invest approximately $16 billion over the next five years in smart meter technology, transmission projects, gas infrastructure, and electric system improvement projects, providing greater reliability and improved service for our customers and a stable return for the company.
exelon’s financial priorities are to maintain investment grade credit metrics at each of exelon, generation, comed, peco and bge, and to return value to exelon’s shareholders with a sustainable dividend throughout the energy commodity market cycle and through earnings growth from attractive investment opportunities.
various market, financial, and other factors could affect the registrants’ success in pursuing their strategies. exelon continues to assess infrastructure, operational, commercial, policy, and legal solutions to these issues. see item 1a. risk factors for additional information regarding market and financial factors.
on april 29, 2014, exelon and pepco holdings, inc. (phi) signed an agreement and plan of merger (as subsequently amended and restated as of july 18, 2014, the merger agreement) to combine the two companies in an all cash transaction. the resulting company will retain the exelon name and be headquartered in chicago. under the merger agreement, phi’s shareholders will receive $27.25 of cash in exchange for each share of phi common stock. exelon intends to fund the all-cash transaction using a combination of approximately $3.5 billion of debt, up to $1 billion cash from asset sales primarily at generation, and the remainder through issuance of equity (including mandatory convertible securities). in addition, exelon entered into a 364-day $7.2 billion senior unsecured bridge credit facility to support the contemplated transaction and provide flexibility for timing of permanent financing, which has subsequently been reduced to $3.2 billion as a result of execution of the debt and equity security issuances and the net after-tax cash proceeds from generating asset divestitures during the second half of 2014. see note 4—mergers, acquisitions, and divestitures, note 13—debt and credit agreements, and note 19—common stock of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further information related to these transactions. in connection with the merger agreement, exelon entered into a subscription agreement under which it has purchased $126 million of a new class of nonvoting, nonconvertible and nontransferable preferred securities in phi as of december 31, 2014, with additional investments of $18 million to be made quarterly up to a maximum aggregate investment of $180 million. as part of the applications for approval of the merger, exelon and phi proposed a package of benefits to the phi utilities’ respective customers, providing for direct investment of more than $100 million with the actual amount and timing of any related payments dependent upon settlement discussions in merger regulatory approval proceedings and the terms of regulatory orders approving the merger.
to date, the phi stockholders, the virginia state corporation commission, the new jersey board of public utilities (njbpu) and the ferc have approved the merger of phi and exelon. the federal communications commission has also approved the transfer of certain phi communications licenses. on february 11, 2015, the njbpu approved the proposed merger and the previously filed settlement signed and filed by exelon, phi, atlantic city electric (ace), njbpu staff, and the independent energy coalition. the settlement provides a package of benefits to ace customers and the state of new jersey. this package of benefits includes the establishment of customer rate credit programs, with an aggregate value of $62 million for ace customers and energy efficiency programs that will provide savings for ace customers of $15 million.
completion of the transaction also remains conditioned upon approval by the public services commissions of the district of columbia, delaware and maryland. procedural schedules have been set in these commission proceedings and final approval decisions are expected in the first half of 2015.
on october 9, 2014, phi and exelon each received a request for additional information from the doj. the request had the effect of extending the doj review period until 30 days after phi and exelon each has certified that it has substantially complied with the request. on november 21, 2014, exelon and phi each certified that it had substantially complied with the request. accordingly, the hsr act waiting period expired on december 22, 2014, and the hsr act no longer precludes completion of the merger. although the doj allowed the waiting period under the hsr act to expire without taking any action with respect to the merger, the doj has not advised exelon or phi that it has concluded its investigation. exelon and phi will continue to work cooperatively with the doj regarding the proposed merger.
exelon and phi continue to expect to complete the merger in the second or third quarter of 2015.
through december 31, 2014, exelon has incurred approximately $179 million of expense associated with the proposed merger, including $48 million related to acquisition and integration costs and $131 million of costs incurred to finance the transaction. the merger agreement also provides for termination rights for both parties. under certain circumstances, if the merger agreement is terminated, phi may be required to pay exelon a termination fee ranging from $259 million to $293 million plus certain expenses. if the transaction does not close due to a regulatory failure, exelon may be required to pay phi a termination fee equal to the amount of purchased nonvoting preferred securities of phi described above, as a result of phi redeeming the outstanding nonvoting preferred securities for no consideration other than the nominal par value of the stock.
exelon has listed various potential risks relating to the pending merger with phi (see item 1a. risk factors), including difficulties that may be encountered in satisfying the conditions to completion of the merger and the potential for developments that might have an adverse effect on exelon and the ability to realize the expected benefits of the merger. exelon is taking steps to manage these risks and expects that the merger can be completed on a basis favorable to the company’s shareholders and customers. accordingly, exelon anticipates closing the transaction in the second or third quarter of 2015. refer to note 4—mergers, acquisitions, and dispositions of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the merger transaction.
power markets price of fuels. the use of new technologies to recover natural gas from shale deposits is increasing natural gas supply and reserves, which places downward pressure on natural gas prices and, therefore, on wholesale and retail power prices, which results in a reduction in exelon’s revenues. forward natural gas prices have declined significantly over the last several years; in part reflecting an increase in supply due to strong natural gas production (due to shale gas development).
capacity market changes in pjm. in the wake of the january 2014 polar vortex that blanketed much of the eastern and midwestern united states, it became clear that while a major outage event was narrowly avoided, resources in pjm were not providing the level of reliability expected by customers. to address this disconnect, on december 12, 2014, pjm filed at ferc a proposal to make significant changes to its current capacity market construct, the reliability pricing model (rpm). pjm’s proposed changes generally seek to improve resource performance and reliability largely by limiting the excuses for non-performance and by increasing the penalties for performance failures. to cover capital and other costs and risks that suppliers would incur to meet these higher reliability standards, suppliers would be allowed to include adders for such costs as well as risk premiums in their capacity market offers. while offers are expected to put upward pressure on capacity clearing prices, operational improvements made as a result of pjm’s proposal are expected to improve reliability, to reduce energy production costs as a result of more efficient operations and to reduce the need for out of market energy payments to suppliers. exelon participated actively in pjm’s stakeholder process through which pjm developed the proposal and is also actively participating in the ferc proceeding including filing comments. pjm asked for a ferc order approving the proposal by april 1, 2015 so pjm can implement the proposal prior to its next capacity auction in may 2015. however, it is not clear when or how the ferc will respond to pjm’s proposal or, if it responds within pjm’s timeframe, whether ferc will require changes.
subsidized generation. the rate of expansion of subsidized generation, including low-carbon generation such as wind and solar energy, in the markets in which generation’s output is sold can negatively impact wholesale power prices, and in turn, generation’s results of operations.
various states have attempted to implement or propose legislation, regulations or other policies to subsidize new generation development which may result in artificially depressed wholesale energy and capacity prices. for example, the new jersey legislature enacted in to law in january 2011, the long term capacity pilot program act (lcapp). lcapp provides eligible generators with 15-year fixed contracts for the sale of capacity in the pjm capacity market. under lcapp, the local utilities in new jersey are required to pay (or receive) the difference between the price eligible generators receive in the capacity market and the price guaranteed under the 15-year contract. new jersey ultimately selected three proposals to participate in lcapp and build new generation in the state. in addition, on april 12, 2012, the mdpsc issued an order directing the maryland electric utilities to enter into a 20-year contract for differences (cfd) with cpv maryland, llc (cpv), under which cpv will construct an approximately 700 mw combined cycle gas turbine in waldorf, maryland, that it projected will be in commercial operation by june 1, 2015. cpv has subsequently sought to extend that date. the cfd mandated that utilities (including bge) pay (or receive) the difference between cpv’s contract price and the revenues it receives for capacity and energy from clearing the unit in the pjm capacity market.
exelon and others have challenged the constitutionality and other aspects of the new jersey legislation and the actions taken by the mdpcs in state and federal courts. ultimately, the exelon parties prevailed in obtaining orders from the u.s. court of appeals for the third circuit and the u.s. court of appeals for the fourth circuit effectively undoing the actions taken by the new jersey legislature and the mdpsc respectively. the matter has been appealed to the u.s. supreme court, and while the court of appeals decisions are helpful, there remains risk the supreme court will overrule the lower courts.
as required under their contracts, generator developers who were selected in the new jersey and maryland programs (including cpv) offered and cleared in pjm’s capacity market auctions held in may 2012, 2013, and 2014. in addition, cpv has announced its intention to move forward with construction of its new jersey and maryland plants, with or without the challenged state subsidy. nonetheless to the extent that the state-required customer subsidies are included under their respective contracts, exelon believes that these projects may have artificially suppressed capacity prices in pjm in these auctions and may continue to do so in future auctions to the detriment of exelon’s market driven position. while the court decisions in new jersey and maryland are positive developments, continuation of these state efforts, if successful and unabated by an effective minimum offer price rule (mopr) for future capacity auctions, could continue to result in artificially depressed wholesale capacity and/or energy prices. other states could seek to establish programs, which could substantially impact exelon’s market driven position and could have a significant effect on exelon’s financial results of operations, financial position and cash flows. exelon continues to monitor developments and participate in stakeholder and other processes to ensure that similar state subsidies are not developed. in addition, exelon remains active in advocating for competitive markets, while opposing policies that require taxpayers and/ or consumers to subsidize or give preferential treatment to specific generation providers or technologies, or that would threaten the reliability and value of the integrated electricity grid.
see note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the maryland order.
energy demand. modest economic growth partially offset by energy efficiency initiatives is resulting in positive growth for electricity for comed and peco, and no projected growth for electricity for bge. comed, peco and bge are projecting load volumes to increase by 0.4%, 0.8% and (0.2)%, respectively, in 2015 compared 2014.
retail competition. generation’s retail operations compete for customers in a competitive environment, which affect the margins that generation can earn and the volumes that it is able to
serve. the market experienced high price volatility in the first quarter of 2014 which contributed to bankruptcies and consolidations within the industry during the year. however, forward natural gas and power prices are expected to remain low and thus we expect retail competitors to stay aggressive in their pursuit of market share, and that wholesale generators (including generation) will continue to use their retail operations to hedge generation output.
strategic policy alignment exelon routinely reviews its hedging policy, dividend policy, operating and capital costs, capital spending plans, strength of its balance sheet and credit metrics, and sufficiency of its liquidity position, by performing various stress tests with differing variables, such as commodity price movements, increases in margin-related transactions, changes in hedging practices, and the impacts of hypothetical credit downgrades.
exelon’s board of directors declared the second quarter 2014 dividend of $0.31 per share on exelon’s common stock. the second quarter dividend was paid on june 10, 2014 to shareholders of record on may 16, 2014. all future quarterly dividends require approval by exelon’s board of directors.
exelon’s board of directors declared the third quarter 2014 dividend of $0.31 per share on exelon’s common stock. the third quarter dividend was paid on september 10, 2014 to shareholders of record on august 15, 2014.
exelon’s board of directors declared the fourth quarter 2014 dividend of $0.31 per share on exelon’s common stock. the fourth quarter dividend was paid on december 10, 2014 to shareholders of record on november 14, 2014.
exelon’s board of directors declared the first quarter 2015 dividend of $0.31 per share on exelon’s common stock. the first quarter dividend will be paid on march 10, 2015, to shareholders of record on february 13, 2015.
exelon and generation evaluate the economic viability of each of their generating units on an ongoing basis. decisions regarding the future of economically challenged generating assets will be based primarily on the economics of continued operation of the individual plants. if exelon and generation do not see a path to sustainable profitability in any of their plants, exelon and generation will take steps to retire those plants to avoid sustained losses. retirement of plants could materially affect exelon’s and generation’s results of operations, financial position, and cash flows through, among other things, potential impairment charges, accelerated depreciation and decommissioning expenses over the plants remaining useful lives, and ongoing reductions to operating revenues, operating and maintenance expenses, and capital expenditures.
hedging strategy exelon’s policy to hedge commodity risk on a ratable basis over three-year periods is intended to reduce the financial impact of market price volatility. generation is exposed to commodity price risk associated with the unhedged portion of its electricity portfolio. generation enters into non-derivative and derivative contracts, including financially-settled swaps, futures contracts and swap options, and physical options and physical forward contracts, all with credit-approved counterparties, to hedge this anticipated exposure. generation has hedges in place that significantly mitigate this risk for 2014 and 2015. this strategy has not changed as a result of recent and pending asset divestitures. however, generation is exposed to relatively greater commodity price risk in the subsequent years with respect to which a larger portion of its electricity portfolio is currently unhedged. as of december 31, 2014, the percentage of
expected generation hedged for the major reportable segments was 93%-96%, 61%-64% and 31%-34% for 2015, 2016, and 2017 respectively. the percentage of expected generation hedged is the amount of equivalent sales divided by the expected generation (which reflects the divestiture impact of quail run). expected generation is the volume of energy that best represents our commodity position in energy markets from owned or contracted for capacity based upon a simulated dispatch model that makes assumptions regarding future market conditions, which are calibrated to market quotes for power, fuel, load following products, and options. equivalent sales represent all hedging products, such as wholesale and retail sales of power, options and swaps. generation has been and will continue to be proactive in using hedging strategies to mitigate commodity price risk in subsequent years as well. see note 4—mergers, acquisition and dispositions for more detail regarding the divestitures.
generation procures oil and natural gas through long-term and short-term contracts and spot-market purchases. nuclear fuel is obtained predominantly through long-term uranium concentrate supply contracts, contracted conversion services, contracted enrichment services and contracted fuel fabrication services. the supply markets for uranium concentrates and certain nuclear fuel services, coal, oil and natural gas are subject to price fluctuations and availability restrictions. supply market conditions may make generation’s procurement contracts subject to credit risk related to the potential non-performance of counterparties to deliver the contracted commodity or service at the contracted prices. approximately 50% of generation’s uranium concentrate requirements from 2015 through 2019 are supplied by three producers. in the event of non-performance by these or other suppliers, generation believes that replacement uranium concentrates can be obtained, although at prices that may be unfavorable when compared to the prices under the current supply agreements. non-performance by these counterparties could have a material adverse impact on exelon’s and generation’s results of operations, cash flows and financial position.
comed, peco and bge mitigate commodity price risk through regulatory mechanisms that allow them to recover procurement costs from retail customers.
growth opportunities with an emphasis on innovation and entrepreneurship, exelon is currently pursuing growth in both the utility and competitive energy businesses. identifying and capitalizing on emerging trends and technologies, exelon plans to invest in new innovative technologies to compete with a new breed of energy players, leverage new technologies to create new or expand existing businesses, and improve productivity and efficiencies within our existing businesses. management continually evaluates growth opportunities aligned with exelon’s businesses, assets and markets, leveraging exelon’s expertise in those areas.
competitive energy businesses generation continues to pursue growth in its existing businesses and markets and further diversification across the competitive energy value chain.
•   generation’s 2014 acquisition of integrys allows generation to expand its retail footprint further in an industry sector that continues to mature and consolidate and provides hedging and diversification benefits to its existing portfolio.
•   generation continues to pursue investment opportunities in renewables, in its nuclear uprate program and in the development of natural gas generation plants that is supported by the trend of increasing natural gas supply.
•   investing in business diversification to position the company for the future,
•   generation has launched a business in competitive distributed generation that capitalizes on the push toward a decentralized system.
•   generation is also making investments across the natural gas value chain throughout north america, focusing initially on expansion of the existing upstream and wholesale gas businesses, as well as entry into liquefied natural gas.
regulated energy businesses the proposed acquisition of phi provides an opportunity to accelerate exelon’s regulated growth and provide stable cash flows, earnings accretion, and dividend stability. additionally, comed, peco and bge anticipate making significant future investments in infrastructure modernization, including smart meter and smart grid initiatives, storm hardening, and advanced reliability technologies. upon obtaining various approvals, comed also plans to invest approximately $280 million to construct the grand prairie gateway transmission line in illinois alleviating identified congestion and enhancing reliability. comed, peco and bge invest in rate base where it provides a net benefit to customers and the community by increasing reliability and the service experience or otherwise meeting customer needs. these investments are made prudently and at the lowest reasonable cost to customers.
see note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the smart meter and smart grid initiatives.
liquidity each of the registrants annually evaluates its financing plan, dividend practices and credit line sizing, focusing on maintaining its investment grade ratings while meeting its cash needs to fund capital requirements, retire debt, pay dividends, fund pension and opeb obligations and invest in new and existing ventures. a broad spectrum of financing alternatives beyond the core financing options can be used to meet its needs and fund growth including monetizing assets in the portfolio via project financing, asset sales, and the use of other financing structures (e.g., joint ventures, minority partners, etc.). the registrants expect cash flows to be sufficient to meet operating expenses, financing costs and capital expenditure requirements.
exelon, generation, comed, peco and bge have unsecured syndicated revolving credit facilities with aggregate bank commitments of $0.5 billion, $5.3 billion, $1.0 billion, $0.6 billion and $0.6 billion, respectively. generation also has bilateral credit facilities with aggregate maximum availability of $0.5 billion. see liquidity and capital resources—credit matters—exelon credit facilities below.
exposure to worldwide financial markets. exelon has exposure to worldwide financial markets including european banks. disruptions in the european markets could reduce or restrict the registrants’ ability to secure sufficient liquidity or secure liquidity at reasonable terms. as of december 31, 2014, approximately 29%, or $2.5 billion, of the registrants’ aggregate total commitments were with european banks, excluding the unsecured bridge facility to provide financing for the proposed phi acquisition. the credit facilities include $8.5 billion in aggregate total commitments of which $7.3 billion was available as of december 31, 2014, due to outstanding letters of credit. there were no borrowings under the registrants’ credit facilities as of december 31, 2014. see note 13—debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the credit facilities.
tax matters see note 14—income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
environmental legislative and regulatory developments.
exelon supports the promulgation of certain environmental regulations by the u.s. epa, including air, water and waste controls for electric generating units. see discussion below for further details. the air and waste regulations will have a disproportionate adverse impact on fossil-fuel power plants, requiring significant expenditures of capital and variable operating and maintenance expense, and will likely result in the retirement of older, marginal facilities. due to their low emission generation portfolios, generation and ceng will not be significantly directly affected by these regulations, representing a competitive advantage relative to electric generators that are more reliant on fossil-fuel plants. various bills have been introduced in the u.s. congress that would prohibit or impede the u.s. epa’s rulemaking efforts. the timing of the consideration of such legislation is unknown.
air quality. in recent years, the u.s. epa has been implementing a series of increasingly stringent regulations under the clean air act relating to naaqs for conventional air pollutants (e.g., nox, so2 and particulate matter) as well as stricter technology requirements to control haps (e.g., acid gases, mercury and other heavy metals) from electric generation units. the u.s. epa continues to review and update its naaqs with a tightened particulate matter naaqs issued in december 2012 and a tightened ozone naaqs, to be finalized in late 2015, proposed for public comment in december 2014. these recently finalized or proposed updates will potentially result in more stringent emissions limits on fossil-fuel electric generating stations. there continues to be opposition among fossil-fuel generation owners to the potential stringency and timing of these air regulations.
in july 2011, the u.s. epa published csapr and in june 2012, it issued final technical corrections. csapr requires 28 upwind states in the eastern half of the united states to significantly improve air quality by reducing power plant emissions that cross state lines and contribute to ground-level ozone and fine particle pollution in downwind states. on august 21, 2012, a three-judge panel of the d.c. circuit court held that the u.s. epa had exceeded its authority in certain material aspects with respect to csapr and vacated the rule and remanded it to the u.s. epa for further rulemaking consistent with its decision. the court also ordered that cair remain in effect pending finalization of csapr on remand. numerous entities challenged the csapr in the d.c. circuit court. on august 21, 2012, the d.c. circuit court of appeals held that the u.s. epa has exceeded its authority in certain material aspects of the csapr and vacated the rule and remanded it to the u.s. epa for further rulemaking consistent with its decision. on april 29, 2014, the u.s. supreme court reversed the d.c. circuit court decision and upheld csapr, and remanded the case to the d.c. circuit court to resolve the remaining implementation issues on november 21, 2014, the u.s. epa issued an interim final rule in which the agency announced that it was tolling the effective dates for the csapr. the first phase of the csapr program started on january 1, 2015, with the second phase starting january 1, 2017. also released on november 21, 2014, was a notice of data availability under which the agency proposed csapr allowance allocations to generating units for the first five years of the program, 2015-2020; these were identical to those previously identified in prior final rules related to the csapr.
on december 16, 2011, the u.s. epa signed a final rule to reduce emissions of toxic air pollutants from power plants and signed revisions to the nsps for electric generating units. the final rule, known as mats, requires coal-fired electric generation plants to achieve high removal rates of mercury, acid gases and other metals. to achieve these standards, coal units with no pollution control equipment installed (uncontrolled coal units) will have to make capital investments and incur higher operating expenses. it is expected that owners of smaller, older, uncontrolled coal units will retire the units rather than make these investments. coal units with existing controls that do not meet the mats rule may
need to upgrade existing controls or add new controls to comply. owners of oil units not currently meeting the proposed emission standards may choose to convert the units to light oils or natural gas, install control technologies, or retire the units. the mats rule requires generating stations to meet the new standards three years after the rule takes effect, april 16, 2015, with specific guidelines for an additional one or two years in limited cases. numerous entities challenged mats in the d.c. circuit court, and exelon intervened in support of the rule. on april 15, 2014, the d.c. circuit court issued an opinion upholding mats in its entirety.
in november 2014, the u.s. supreme court granted a petition for review of the mats rule filed by 20 states and a coalition of coal-fired electric generators. the u.s. supreme court announced that it will review a single, yet critical, aspect of the mats rule—whether the u.s. epa properly considered compliance costs (e.g., pollution control capital expenditures and on-going operations and maintenance expense) in determining whether it is appropriate to regulate hazardous air pollutants emitted by electric utilities. if the court finds that the u.s. epa acted unreasonably, then implementation of the rule would be delayed until the u.s. epa corrects any deficiencies. it is likely that the u.s. supreme court will issue a decision sometime in 2015. exelon has been participating in the case as an intervenor in support of the rule.
the u.s. epa continued its regular, periodic review of the naaqs standards. on november 25, 2014, the agency proposed, for public comment, the establishment of a revised primary ozone standard in the range of 65-70 parts per billion (ppb) 8-hour average, a reduction from the 2008 ozone standard level of 75 ppb 8-hour average standard. the agency is also requesting public comment on levels as low as 60 ppb 8-hour average. in its proposal, the agency is also proposing to extend the “ozone season” on a state-by-state basis from its current may-september five-month period to include months before, and after, the traditional ozone season, depending on air quality monitoring data. most csapr states are proposed to be subjected to a march to october “ozone season.” in its proposed rule, the agency also elected to set the secondary standard at the same level and form as the primary standard. the agency is expected to issue its final ozone naaqs revision in october 2015. in december 2012, the u.s. epa issued its final revisions to the agency’s particulate matter (pm) naaqs. in its final rule, the u.s. epa lowered the annual pm2.5 standard, but declined to issue a new secondary naaqs to improve urban visibility. the u.s. epa indicated in its final rule that by 2020 it expects most areas of the country will be in attainment of the new pm2.5 naaqs based on currently expected regulations, such as the mats regulation.
in addition to these naaqs, the u.s. epa also finalized nonattainment designations for certain areas in the united states for the 2010 one-hour so2 standard on august 5, 2013, and indicated that additional nonattainment areas will be designated in a future rulemaking. u.s. epa will require states to submit state implementation plans (sips) for nonattainment areas by march 25, 2015. with regard to texas and maryland, no nonattainment areas were identified in epa’s final designation rule. with regard to illinois and pennsylvania, several counties, or portions of counties, in each state were identified as nonattainment. since the 2010 one-hour so2 standard was finalized, epa has issued a series of guidance documents, and proposed a data requirement rule that will be finalized in the summer of 2015 related to requirements for states related to the application of air quality monitoring and modeling in state implementation plans. nonattainment county compliance with the one-hour so2 standard is required by march 25, 2018. while significant so2 reductions will occur as a result of mats compliance in 2015, exelon is unable to predict the requirements of pending states’ sips to further reduce so2 emissions in support of attainment of the one hour so2 standard.
the cumulative impact of these air regulations could be to require fossil fuel-fired power plant operators to expend significant capital to install pollution control technologies, including wet flue gas desulfurization technology for so2 and acid gases, and selective catalytic reduction technology for nox.
in addition, as of december 31, 2014, exelon had a $361 million net investment in coal-fired plants in georgia subject to long-term leases extending through 2028 and 2030. while exelon currently estimates the value of these plants at the end of the lease term will be in excess of the recorded residual lease values, after the impairments recorded in the second quarter of 2013 and 2014, final applications of the csapr and mats regulations could negatively impact the end-of-lease term values of these assets, which could result in a future impairment loss that could be material.
on january 15, 2013, epa issued a final rule for nsps and national emissions standards for hazardous air pollutants (neshap) for reciprocating internal combustion engines (rice neshap/nsps). the final rule allows diesel backup generators to operate for up to 100 hours annually under certain emergency circumstances without meeting emissions limitations, but requires units that operate over 15 hours to burn low sulfur fuel and report key engine information. the final rule eliminates after may 2014 the 50 hour exemption for peak shaving and other non-emergency demand response that was included in the proposed rule and, therefore, is not expected to result in additional megawatts of demand response to be bid into the pjm capacity auction.
in the absence of federal legislation, the u.s. epa is also moving forward with the regulation of ghg emissions under the clean air act. on june 25, 2013, president obama announced “the president’s climate action plan,” a summary of executive branch actions intended to: reduce carbon emissions; prepare the united states for the impacts of climate change; and lead international efforts to combat global climate change and prepare for its impacts. concurrent with the announcement of the administration’s plan, the president also issued a memorandum for the administrator of the environmental protection agency that focused on power generation sector carbon reductions under the section 111 new source performance standards (nsps) section of the federal clean air act. the memorandum directs the u.s. epa administrator to issue two sets of proposed rulemakings with regard to power plant carbon emissions under section 111 of the clean air act.
the u.s. epa proposed a section 111(b) regulation for new units in september 2013 that may result in material costs of compliance for co2 emissions for new fossil-fuel electric generating units, particularly coal-fired units. the climate action plan also required the u.s. epa to propose by june 2014 ghg emission regulations for existing stationary sources under section 111(d) of the clean air act, and to issue final regulations by june 2015. that proposed rule was published in the federal register on june 16, 2014. the proposed rule establishes emission reduction targets for each state and provides flexibility for each state to determine how to achieve its required reductions, including heat rate improvements at coal-fired power plants, fuel switching from coal to gas, renewable generation and new nuclear facilities, demand side energy efficiency, and the use of market-based instruments. while the nature and impact of the final regulations is not yet known, to the extent that the rule results in emission reductions from fossil fuel fired plants, imposing some form of direct or indirect price of carbon in competitive electricity markets, exelon’s overall low-carbon generation portfolio results would benefit.
exelon supports comprehensive climate change legislation or regulation, including a cap-and-trade program for ghg emissions, which balances the need to protect consumers, business and the economy with the urgent need to reduce national ghg emissions.
water quality. section 316(b) of the clean water act requires that cooling water intake structures at electric power plants reflect the best technology available to minimize adverse environmental impacts, and is implemented through state-level npdes permit programs. on october 14, 2014, the u.s. epa’s final section 316(b) rule became effective. the rule requires that a series of studies and analyses be performed at each facility to determine the best technology available, followed by an implementation period. the timing of the various requirements for each facility is related to the status of its current npdes permit and the subsequent renewal period. there is no fixed compliance schedule, as this is left to the discretion of the state permitting director.
until the compliance requirements are determined by the applicable state permitting director on a site-specific basis for each plant, the impact of compliance with the final rule is unknown. should a state permitting director determine that a facility is required to install cooling towers to comply with the rule, that facility’s economic viability would be called into question. however, the likely impact of the rule has been significantly decreased since the final rule does not mandate cooling towers as a national standard, and the state permitting director is required to apply a cost-benefit test and take into consideration site-specific factors.
hazardous and solid waste. on december 19, 2014, the u.s. epa issued the first federal regulation for the disposal of coal combustion residuals (ccr) from power plants, including the classification of ccr as non-hazardous waste under rcra. the epa ruling is effective 180 days after publication in the federal register, which is anticipated in early 2015. under the regulation, ccr will continue to be regulated by most states subject to coordination with the federal regulations. generation has previously recorded reserves consistent with state regulation for its owned coal ash sites, and as such, the regulation is not expected to impact exelon’s and generation’s financial results. generation is evaluating what, if any, incremental costs will be incurred for coal ash disposal sites formerly owned by generation that have not yet been closed by their current owners. at this time, however, generation does not have sufficient information to reasonably assess the potential likelihood or magnitude of any remediation requirements that may be asserted for these former sites under the new federal regulations. for these reasons, generation is unable to predict whether and to what extent they may ultimately be held responsible for remediation and other costs relating to formerly owned coal ash disposal sites under the new regulations, and as a result no new liability has been recorded as of december 31, 2014.
see note 22—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further detail related to environmental matters, including the impact of environmental regulation.
other regulatory and legislative actions nrc task force insights from the fukushima daiichi accident. in july 2011, an nrc task force formed in the aftermath of the march 11, 2011, 9.0 magnitude earthquake and ensuing tsunami, that seriously damaged the nuclear units at the fukushima daiichi nuclear power station, issued a report of its review of the accident, including tiered recommendations for future regulatory action by the nrc to be taken in the near and longer term. the task force’s report concluded that nuclear reactors in the united states are operating safely and do not present an imminent risk to public health and safety. the nrc and its staff have issued orders and implementation guidance for commercial reactor licensees operating in the united states. the nrc and its staff are continuing to evaluate additional requirements. generation has assessed the impacts of the tier 1 orders and information requests and will continue monitoring the additional recommendations under review by the nrc staff, both from an operational and a financial impact standpoint. a comprehensive review of the nrc tier 1 orders and information requests, as well as preliminary engineering assumptions and analysis, indicate that the financial impact of compliance for generation, net of expected co-owner reimbursements, for the period from 2015 through 2019 is expected to be between approximately $325 million and $350 million of capital (including approximately $75 million for the ceng plants) and $75 million of operating expense (including approximately $25 million for the ceng plants). as generation completes the design and installation planning for its actions, generation will update these estimates. further, generation estimates incremental costs of $15 to $20 million per unit at thirteen mark 1 and ii units (including two ceng units) for the installation of filters on vents, if ultimately required by the nrc. generation’s current assessments are specific to the tier 1 recommendations as the nrc has not taken specific action with respect to the tier 2 and tier 3 recommendations. exelon and generation are unable to conclude at this time to what extent any actions to comply with the requirements of tier 2
and tier 3 will impact their future financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. generation will continue to engage in nuclear industry assessments and actions and stakeholder input. see item 1a. risk factors and item 7. management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations—executive overview of the exelon 2014 form 10-k, for additional information.
financial reform legislation. the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act (the act) was enacted in july 2010. the part of the act that applies to exelon is title vii, which is known as the dodd-frank wall street transparency and accountability act (dodd-frank). dodd-frank requires the creation of a new regulatory regime for over-the-counter swaps (swaps), including mandatory clearing for certain categories of swaps, incentives to shift swap activity to exchange trading, margin and capital requirements, and other obligations designed to promote transparency. for non security-based swaps including commodity swaps, dodd-frank empowers the commodity futures trading commission (cftc) to promulgate regulations implementing the law’s objectives. the primary aim of dodd-frank is to regulate the key intermediaries in the swaps market, which entities are either swap dealers (sds), major swap participants (msps), and certain other financial entities, but the law also applies to a lesser degree to end-users of swaps. on january 12, 2015, president obama signed into law a bill that exempts from margin requirements swaps used by end-users to hedge or mitigate commercial risk. moreover, the cftc’s dodd-frank regulations preserve the ability of end users in the energy industry to hedge their risks using swaps without being subject to mandatory clearing, and excepts or exempts end-users from many of the other substantive regulations. accordingly, as an end-user, generation is conducting its commercial business in a manner that does not require registration with the cftc as an sd or msp. generation does not anticipate transacting in the future in a manner in which it would become a sd or msp.
there are, however, some rulemakings that have not yet been finalized, including the capital and margin rules for (non-cleared) swaps. generation does not expect these rules to directly impact its collateral requirements. however, depending on the substance of these final rules in addition to certain international regulatory requirements still under development and that are similar to dodd-frank, generation’s swap counterparties could be subject to additional and potentially significant capitalization requirements. these regulations could motivate the sds and msps to increase collateral requirements or cash postings from their counterparties, including generation.
generation continues to monitor the rulemaking proceedings with respect to the capital and margin rules, but cannot predict to what extent, if any, further refinements to dodd-frank requirements may impact its cash flows or financial position, but such impacts could be material.
comed, peco and bge could also be subject to some dodd-frank requirements to the extent they were to enter into swaps. however, at this time, management of comed, peco and bge continue to expect that their companies will not be materially affected by dodd-frank.
energy infrastructure modernization act. since 2011, comed’s distribution rates are established through a performance-based rate formula, pursuant to eima. participating utilities are required to file an annual update to the performance-based formula rate tariff on or before may 1, with resulting rates effective in january of the following year. this annual formula rate update is based on prior year actual costs and current year projected capital additions. the update also reconciles any differences between the revenue requirement(s) in effect for the prior year and actual costs incurred for that year. in addition, comed’s earned rate of return on common equity is required to be within plus or minus 50 basis points (“the collar”) of the target rate of return determined as the annual average rate on 30-year treasury notes plus 580 basis points. therefore, the collar limits favorable and unfavorable impacts of weather and load on distribution revenue. throughout each year, comed records regulatory assets or regulatory liabilities and corresponding increases or decreases to operating revenues for any differences between the revenue requirement(s) in effect and comed’s best estimate of the revenue requirement expected to be approved by the icc for that year’s reconciliation.
formula rate tariff and annual reconciliation. on april 16, 2014, comed filed its annual distribution formula rate to request a total increase to the revenue requirement of $269 million. on december 11, 2014, the icc issued its final order which increased the revenue requirement by $232 million, reflecting an increase of $160 million for the initial revenue requirement for 2014 and an increase of $72 million related to the annual reconciliation for 2013. approximately $23 million of the total $37 million revenue requirement disallowance is recoverable through other rider-based mechanisms. the rate increase was set using an allowed return on capital of 7.06% (inclusive of an allowed return on common equity of 9.25% for 2014 less a performance metrics penalty of 5 basis points for the 2013 reconciliation). the rates took effect in january 2015. comed and intervenors requested a rehearing on specific issues, which was denied by the icc on january 28, 2015.
grand prairie gateway transmission line. on december 2, 2013, comed filed a request to obtain the icc’s approval to construct a 60-mile overhead 345kv transmission line that traverses ogle, dekalb, kane and dupage counties in northern illinois. on may 28, 2014, in a separate proceeding, ferc issued an order granting comed’s request to include 100% of the capital costs recorded to construction work in progress during construction of the line in comed’s transmission rate base. if the project is cancelled or abandoned for reasons beyond comed’s control, ferc approved the ability for comed to recover 100% of its prudent costs incurred after may 21, 2014 and 50% of its costs incurred prior to may 21, 2014 in comed’s transmission rate base. on october 22, 2014, the icc issued an order approving comed’s grand prairie gateway project over the objection of numerous landowners and the city of elgin. four parties filed timely applications for rehearing before the icc. on november 25, 2014, the icc denied the rehearing application filed by the forest preserve district of kane county, but granted rehearing on the application of certain landowners who requested that the icc consider an alternate route for a three-mile segment of the line in kane county. the rehearing proceeding is currently pending and , the icc must enter a final order on rehearing by april 24, 2015. on december 10, 2014, the icc denied the remaining two applications for rehearing. on january 15, 2015, those two parties, the city of elgin and the skp landowner group and utility risk management corporation (collectively, the skp/urmc party), each filed a notice of appeal with the second district appellate court. on february 3, 2015, the icc filed motions with the second district appellate court seeking to extend the time for the icc to file the record on appeal until after the icc issues its order on rehearing. the icc also filed a motion to consolidate those appeals. comed expects to begin construction of the line in the second quarter of 2015 with an in-service date expected in the second quarter of 2017.
ferc ameren order. in july 2012, ferc issued an order to ameren corporation (ameren) finding that ameren had improperly included acquisition premiums/goodwill in its transmission formula rate, particularly in its capital structure and in the application of afudc. ferc also directed ameren to make refunds for the implied increase in rates in prior years. ameren filed for rehearing of the july 2012 order, which was denied in june 2014. ferc and ameren are in the process of determining the amount of any potential refund. comed believes that the ferc order authorizing its transmission formula rate is distinguishable from the circumstances that led to the july 2012 ferc order in the ameren case. however, if comed were required to exclude acquisition premiums/goodwill from its transmission formula rate, the impact could be material to comed’s results of operations and cash flows.
ferc order no. 1000 compliance. in ferc order no. 1000, the ferc required public utility transmission providers to enhance their transmission planning procedures and their cost allocation methods applicable to certain new regional and interregional transmission projects. as part of the changes to the transmission planning procedures, the ferc required removal from all ferc-approved tariffs and agreements of a right of first refusal to build certain new transmission facilities. in compliance with the regional transmission planning requirements of order no. 1000, pjm as the transmission provider submitted a compliance filing to ferc on october 25, 2012. on the same day,
certain of the pjm transmission owners, including comed, peco and bge (collectively, the pjm transmission owners), submitted a filing asserting that their contractual rights embodied in the pjm governing documents continue to justify their right of first refusal to construct new reliability (and related) transmission projects and that the ferc should not be allowed to override such rights absent a showing that it is in the public interest to do so under the ferc’s “mobile-sierra” standard of review. this is a heightened standard of review which the pjm transmission owners argued could not be satisfied based on the facts applicable to them. on march 22, 2013, ferc issued an order on the pjm compliance filing and the filing of these pjm transmission owners (1) rejecting the arguments of those pjm transmission owners that changes to the pjm governing documents were entitled to review under the mobile-sierra standard, (2) accepting most of the pjm filing, removing the right-of-first refusal from the pjm tariffs, and (3) directing pjm to remove certain exceptions that it included in its compliance filing that ferc found did not comply with order no. 1000. ferc’s order could enable third parties to seek to build certain regional transmission projects that had previously been reserved for the pjm transmission owners, potentially reducing comed’s, peco’s and bge’s financial return on new investments in energy transmission facilities. numerous parties sought rehearing of the ferc’s march 22, 2013 order, including the pjm transmission owners who sought rehearing of the ferc’s rejection of their mobile-sierra and related arguments. pjm’s compliance filing was made on july 22, 2013. on may 15, 2014, ferc denied the rehearing requests except with respect to one issue on when pjm could consider state and local laws in evaluating projects. ferc generally accepted the july 22, 2013, compliance filing but required several minor additional changes. firstenergy and at least one other party filed an appeal of the may 15, 2014, order upholding pjm’s right of first refusal language in the dc circuit. exelon has intervened in the firstenergy appeal. several parties have filed requests for rehearing or clarification concerning the changes set forth in the may 15, 2014, order. on december 18, 2014, ferc issued an order conditionally accepting part of the pjm-miso interregional order no. 1000 compliance filing, rejecting a miso proposal concerning cost allocation for cross-border reliability projects and directing a further compliance filing by pjm and miso.
ferc transmission complaint. on february 27, 2013, consumer advocates and regulators from the district of columbia, new jersey, delaware and maryland, and the delaware electric municipal cooperatives (the parties), filed a complaint at ferc against bge and the pepco holdings, inc. companies relating to their respective transmission formula rates. bge’s formula rate includes a 10.8% base rate of return on common equity (roe) and a 50 basis point incentive for participating in pjm (the latter of which is conditioned upon crediting the first 50 basis points of any incentive roe adders). the parties seek a reduction in the base return on equity to 8.7% and changes to the formula rate process. ferc docketed the matter and set april 3, 2013 as the deadline for interventions, protests and answers. under ferc rules, the revenues subject to refund are limited to a fifteen month period, the earliest date from which the base roe could be adjusted and refunds required is the date of the complaint. on march 19, 2013, bge filed a motion to dismiss or sever the complaint.
on august 21, 2014, ferc issued an order in the bge and phi companies’ proceeding, which established hearing and settlement judge procedures for the complaint, and set a refund effective date of february 27, 2013. bge, the phi companies and the parties began settlement discussions under the guidance of a ferc administrative law judge on september 23, 2014. on november 24, 2014, the settlement judge informed ferc and the chief judge that the parties had reached an impasse and determined that a settlement was not possible. the settlement judge recommended termination of settlement proceedings. on november 26, 2014, the chief judge issued an order terminating the settlement proceeding, designating a presiding judge at the hearings and directing that an initial decision be issued by november 25, 2015.
on december 8, 2014, various state agencies in delaware, maryland, new jersey, and d.c. filed a second complaint against bge regarding the base roe of the transmission business seeking a
reduction from 10.8% to 8.8%. the filing of the second complaint creates a second refund window. by order issued on february 9, 2015, ferc established a hearing on the second complaint with the complainants’ requested refund effective date of december 8, 2014.
based on the current status of the complaint filings, bge believes it is probable that bge’s base roe rate will be adjusted, and that a refund to customers of transmission revenue for the two maximum fifteen month periods will be required. however, bge is unable to estimate the most likely refund amount for either complaint at this time, and has therefore established a reserve, which is not material, representing the low end of a reasonably possible estimated range of loss. additionally, management is unable to estimate the maximum exposure of a potential refund at this time, which may have a material impact on bge’s results of operations and cash flows. the estimated annual ongoing reduction in revenues if ferc approved the roes requested by the parties in their filings is approximately $11 million. if ferc were to order a reduction of bge’s base roe to 8.7% as sought in the first complaint (while retaining the 50 basis points of any incentives that were credited to the base return on equity for certain new transmission investment), the result of the first fifteen month refund window would be a refund to customers of approximately $13 million. if ferc were to order a reduction in bge’s base roe to 8.8% as sought in the second complaint (while retaining 50 basis points of any incentives that were credited to the base return on equity for certain new transmission investment) and the refund period extended for a full fifteen months, the result would be a refund to customers of approximately $14 million. see note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
the maryland strategic infrastructure development and enhancement program. in february 2013, the maryland general assembly passed legislation intended to accelerate gas infrastructure replacements in maryland by establishing a mechanism for gas companies to promptly recover reasonable and prudent costs of eligible infrastructure replacement projects separate from base rate proceedings. on may 2, 2013, the governor of maryland signed the legislation into law; which took effect june 1, 2013. under the new law, following a proceeding before the mdpsc and with the mdpsc’s approval of the eligible infrastructure replacement projects along with a corresponding surcharge, bge could begin charging gas customers a monthly surcharge for infrastructure costs incurred after june 1, 2013. the legislation includes caps on the monthly surcharges to residential and non-residential customers, and would require an annual true-up of the surcharge revenues against actual expenditures. investment levels in excess of the cap would be recoverable in a subsequent gas base rate proceeding at which time all costs for the infrastructure replacement projects would be rolled into gas distribution rates. irrespective of the cap, bge is required to file a gas rate case every five years under this legislation. on august 2, 2013, bge filed its infrastructure replacement plan and associated surcharge. on january 29, 2014, the mdpsc issued a decision conditionally approving the first five years of bge’s plan and surcharge. on march 26, 2014, the mdpsc approved as filed bge’s proposed 2014 project list, tariff and associated surcharge amounts, with a surcharge that became effective april 1, 2014. on november 17, 2014, bge filed a surcharge update including a true-up of costs estimates included in the 2014 surcharge, along with its 2015 project list and cost estimates to be included in the 2015 surcharge. the filing was approved with a revised surcharge effective january 1, 2015. at its december 17, 2014 weekly administrative meeting, the mdpsc approved bge’s 2015 project list and the proposed surcharge for 2015. bge will defer the difference between the surcharge revenues and program costs as a regulated asset or liability, which was immaterial to exelon and bge as of december 31, 2014.
in february 2014, the residential consumer advocate in maryland filed an appeal with the baltimore city circuit court to the decision issued by the mdpsc on bge’s infrastructure replacement plan. on september 5, 2014, the baltimore city circuit court affirmed the mdpsc decision on bge’s infrastructure replacement plan and associated surcharge. on october 10, 2014, the residential
consumer advocate noticed its appeal to the maryland court of special appeals from the judgment entered by the baltimore city circuit court, however, a procedural schedule for the matter has not yet been set.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap requires that management apply accounting policies and make estimates and assumptions that affect results of operations and the amounts of assets and liabilities reported in the financial statements. management discusses these policies, estimates and assumptions with its accounting and disclosure governance committee on a regular basis and provides periodic updates on management decisions to the audit committee of the exelon board of directors. management believes that the accounting policies described below require significant judgment in their application, or estimates and assumptions that are inherently uncertain and that may change in subsequent periods. additional discussion of the application of these accounting policies can be found in the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
nuclear decommissioning asset retirement obligations (exelon and generation)
generation’s aro associated with decommissioning its nuclear units was $7.0 billion at december 31, 2014. the authoritative guidance requires that generation estimate its obligation for the future decommissioning of its nuclear generating plants. to estimate that liability, generation uses an internally-developed, probability-weighted, discounted cash flow model which, on a unit-by-unit basis, considers multiple outcome scenarios. the nuclear decommissioning obligation is adjusted on a regular basis due to the passage of time and revisions to the key assumptions for the expected timing or estimated amounts of the future undiscounted cash flows required to decommission the nuclear plants, based upon the methodologies and significant estimates and assumptions described as follows:
decommissioning cost studies. generation uses unit-by-unit decommissioning cost studies to provide a marketplace assessment of the costs and timing of decommissioning activities, which are validated by comparison to current decommissioning projects within its industry and other estimates. decommissioning cost studies are updated, on a rotational basis, for each of generation’s nuclear units at least every five years.
cost escalation factors. generation uses cost escalation factors to escalate the decommissioning costs from the decommissioning cost studies discussed above through the assumed decommissioning period for each of the units. cost escalation studies, updated on an annual basis, are used to determine escalation factors, and are based on inflation indices for labor, equipment and materials, energy, llrw disposal and other costs.
probabilistic cash flow models. generation’s probabilistic cash flow models include the assignment of probabilities to various scenarios for decommissioning costs, approaches and timing on a unit-by-unit basis. probabilities assigned to cost levels include an assessment of the likelihood of costs 20% higher (high-cost scenario) or 15% lower (low-cost scenario) than the base cost scenario. probabilities are assigned to alternative decommissioning approaches which assess the likelihood of performing decon (a method of decommissioning shortly after the cessation of operation in which the equipment, structures, and portions of a facility and site containing radioactive contaminants are removed and safely buried in a llrw landfill or decontaminated to a level that permits property to be released for unrestricted use), delayed decon (similar to the decon scenario but with a delay to allow for spent fuel to be removed from the site prior to onset of decommissioning activities) or safstor (a method of decommissioning in which the nuclear facility is placed and maintained in such condition that the nuclear facility can be safely stored and subsequently decontaminated to levels that permit release for unrestricted use generally within 60 years after cessation of operations) decommissioning. probabilities assigned to the timing scenarios incorporate
the likelihood of continued operation through current license lives or through anticipated license renewals. generation’s probabilistic cash flow models also include an assessment of the timing of doe acceptance of snf for disposal. generation assumes doe will begin accepting snf in 2025. the snf acceptance date was based on management’s estimates of the amount of time required for doe to select a site location and develop the necessary infrastructure. for more information regarding the estimated date that doe will begin accepting snf, see note 22—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
license renewals. generation assumes a successful 20-year renewal for each of its nuclear generating station licenses, except for oyster creek, in determining its nuclear decommissioning aro. the current nrc license for oyster creek expires in 2029. on december 8, 2010, exelon announced that generation will permanently cease generation operations at oyster creek by december 31, 2019. as a result of this decision the expected economic life of oyster creek was reduced by 10 years to correspond to exelon’s current best estimate as to the timing of ceasing generation operations at the oyster creek unit in 2019. generation has successfully secured 20-year operating license renewal extensions for seventeen of its nuclear units (including the two salem units co-owned by generation, but operated by pseg), and none of generation’s applications for an operating license extension has been denied. for its remaining seven operating units, generation is in various stages of the process of pursuing similar extensions and has filed license renewal applications for six operating nuclear units and has until 2021 to seek license renewal for one operating nuclear unit. generation’s assumption regarding license extension for aro determination purposes is based in part on the good current physical condition and high performance of these nuclear units, the favorable status of the ongoing license renewal proceedings with the nrc, and the successful renewals for seventeen units to date. generation estimates that the failure to obtain license renewals at any of these nuclear units (assuming all other assumptions remain constant) would increase its aro on average approximately $300 million per unit as of december 31, 2014. the size of the increase to the aro for a particular nuclear unit is dependent upon the current stage in its original license term and its specific decommissioning cost estimates. if generation does not receive license renewal on a particular unit, the increase to the aro may be mitigated by generation’s ability to delay ultimate decommissioning activities under a safstor method of decommissioning.
discount rates. the probability-weighted estimated future cash flows using these various scenarios are discounted using credit-adjusted, risk-free rates (carfr) applicable to the various businesses in which each of the nuclear units originally operated. the accounting guidance required generation to establish an aro at fair value at the time of the initial adoption of the current accounting standard. subsequent to the initial adoption, the aro is adjusted for changes to estimated costs, timing of future cash flows and modifications to decommissioning assumptions, as described above.
under the current accounting framework, the aro is not required or permitted to be re-measured for changes in the carfr that occur in isolation. this differs from the accounting requirements for other long-dated obligations, such as pension and other post-employment benefits that are required to be re-measured as and when corresponding discount rates change. if generation’s future nominal cash flows associated with the aro were to be discounted at current prevailing carfrs, the obligation would increase from approximately $7.0 billion to approximately $8.6 billion. the ultimate decommissioning obligation will be funded by the ndts. the ndts are recorded on exelon’s and generation’s consolidated balance sheets at december 31, 2014 at fair value of approximately $10.5 billion and have an estimated targeted annual pre-tax return of 6.0% to 6.3%.
to illustrate the significant impact that changes in the carfr, when combined with changes in projected amounts and expected timing of cash flows, can have on the valuation of the aro: i) had generation used the 2013 carfrs rather than the 2014 carfrs in performing its third quarter 2014 aro update, generation would have reduced the aro by approximately $190 million as compared to
the actual decrease to the aro of $125 million; and ii) if the carfr used in performing the third quarter 2014 aro update (which also reflected increases in the amounts and changes to the timing of projected cash flows) was increased or decreased by 100 basis points, the aro would have decreased by $230 million and increased $40 million, respectively, as compared to the actual decrease of $125 million.
aro sensitivities. changes in the assumptions underlying the foregoing items could materially affect the decommissioning obligation. the impact to the aro of a change in any one of these assumptions is highly dependent on how the other assumptions will change as well.
the following table illustrates the effects of changing certain aro assumptions, discussed above, while holding all other assumptions constant (dollars in millions):
change in aro assumption                                                                                                                         increase (decrease) to aro at december 31, 2014
cost escalation studies uniform increase in escalation rates of 25 basis points                                                                                                            $810
probabilistic cash flow models increase the likelihood of the high-cost scenario by 10 percentage points and decrease the likelihood of the low-cost scenario by 10                               $290
percentage points increase the likelihood of the decon scenario by 10 percentage points and decrease the likelihood of the safstor scenario by 10 percentage                         $420
points increase the likelihood of operating through current license lives by 10 percentage points and decrease the likelihood of operating through                        $630
anticipated license renewals by 10 percentage points extend the estimated date for doe acceptance of snf to 2030                                                                                                        $230
extend the estimated date for doe acceptance of snf to 2030 coupled with an increase in discount rates of 100 basis points                                        $(270   )
extend the estimated date for doe acceptance of snf to 2030 coupled with a decrease in discount rates of 100 basis points                                        $1,100
for more information regarding accounting for nuclear decommissioning obligations, see note 1—significant accounting policies and note 15—asset retirement obligations of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
as of december 31, 2014, exelon’s and comed’s carrying amount of goodwill was approximately $2.7 billion, relating to the acquisition of comed in 2000 as part of the peco/unicom merger. under the provisions of the authoritative guidance for goodwill, comed is required to perform an assessment for possible impairment of its goodwill at least annually or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the comed reporting unit below its carrying amount. under the authoritative guidance, a reporting unit is an operating segment or one level below an operating segment (known as a component) and is the level at which goodwill is tested for impairment. a component of an operating segment is a reporting unit if the component constitutes a business for which discrete financial information is available and its operating results are regularly reviewed by segment management. comed has a single operating segment for its combined business. there is no level below this operating segment for which operating results are regularly reviewed by segment management. therefore, comed’s operating segment is considered its only reporting unit.
entities assessing goodwill for impairment have the option of first performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether a quantitative assessment is necessary. in performing a qualitative assessment, entities should assess, among other things, macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, overall financial performance, cost factors, and entity-specific events. if an entity determines, on the basis of qualitative factors, that the fair value of the reporting unit is more likely than not greater than the carrying amount, no further testing is required. if an entity bypasses the qualitative assessment or performs the qualitative assessment, but determines that it is more likely than not that its fair value is less than its carrying amount, a quantitative two-step, fair value-based test is performed. the first step compares the fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying amount, including goodwill. if the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the second step is performed. the second step requires an allocation of fair value to the individual assets and liabilities using purchase price allocation accounting guidance in order to determine the implied fair value of goodwill. if the implied fair value of goodwill is less than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recorded as a reduction to goodwill and a charge to operating expense. application of the goodwill impairment test requires management judgment, including the identification of reporting units and determining the fair value of the reporting unit, which management estimates using a weighted combination of a discounted cash flow analysis and a market multiples analysis. significant assumptions used in these fair value analyses include discount and growth rates, utility sector market performance and transactions, projected operating and capital cash flows for comed’s business and the fair value of debt. in applying the second step (if needed), management must estimate the fair value of specific assets and liabilities of the reporting unit. see note 1—significant accounting policies, note 10—intangible assets and note 14—income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
purchase accounting (exelon and generation)
in accordance with the authoritative accounting guidance, the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in an acquired business are recorded at their estimated fair values on the date of acquisition. the difference between the purchase price amount and the net fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recognized as goodwill on the balance sheet if it exceeds the estimated fair value and as a bargain purchase gain on the income statement if it is below the estimated fair value. determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires management’s judgment, the utilization of independent valuation experts and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions with respect to the timing and amounts of future cash inflows and outflows, discount rates, market prices and asset lives, among other items. the judgments made in the determination of the estimated fair value assigned to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, as well as the estimated useful life of each asset and the duration of each liability, can materially impact the financial statements in periods after acquisition, such as through depreciation and amortization expense. see note 4—mergers, acquisitions, and dispositions of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
unamortized energy assets and liabilities (exelon and generation)
unamortized energy contract assets and liabilities represent the remaining unamortized balances of non-derivative energy contracts that generation has acquired. the initial amount recorded represents the fair value of the contract at the time of acquisition, and the balance is amortized over the life of the contract in relation to the present value of the underlying cash flows. amortization expense and income are recorded through purchased power and fuel expense or operating revenues. refer to note 4—mergers, acquisitions, and dispositions and note 10—intangible assets of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
impairment of long-lived assets (exelon, generation, comed, peco and bge)
exelon, generation, comed, peco and bge regularly monitor and evaluate their long-lived assets and asset groups, excluding goodwill, for impairment when circumstances indicate the carrying value of those assets may not be recoverable. indicators for impairment may include a deteriorating business climate, including current energy prices and market conditions, condition of the asset, specific regulatory disallowance, or plans to dispose of a long-lived asset significantly before the end of its useful life, among others.
the review of long-lived assets and asset groups for impairment requires significant assumptions about operating strategies and estimates of future cash flows, which require assessments of current and projected market conditions. for the generation business, forecasting future cash flows requires assumptions regarding forecasted commodity prices for the sale of power, costs of fuel and the expected operations of assets. a variation in the assumptions used could lead to a different conclusion regarding the recoverability of an asset or asset group and, thus, could have a significant effect on the consolidated financial statements. an impairment evaluation is based on an undiscounted cash flow analysis at the lowest level at which cash flows of the long-lived assets or asset groups are largely independent of other groups of assets and liabilities. for the generation business, the lowest level of independent cash flows is determined by evaluation of several factors, including the geographic dispatch of the generation units and the hedging strategies related to those units as well as the associated intangible contract assets recorded on the balance sheet. the cash flows from the generating units are generally evaluated at a regional portfolio level with cash flows generated from the customer supply and risk management activities, including cash flows from contracts that are accounted for as intangible contract assets and liabilities recorded on the balance sheet. in certain cases generating assets may be evaluated on an individual basis where those assets are contracted on a long-term basis with a third party and operations are independent of other generating assets (typically contracted renewables).
on a quarterly basis, generation assesses its asset groups for indicators of impairment. if indicators are present, a recoverability test is performed. impairment may occur if the carrying value of the asset or asset group exceeds the future undiscounted cash flows. when the undiscounted cash flow analysis indicates a long-lived asset or asset group is not recoverable, the amount of the impairment loss is determined by measuring the excess of the carrying amount of the long-lived asset or asset group over its fair value. the fair value of the long-lived asset or asset group is dependent upon a market participant’s view of the exit price of the assets. this includes significant assumptions of the estimated future cash flows generated by the assets and market discount rates. events and circumstances often do not occur as expected and there will usually be differences between prospective financial information and actual results, and those differences may be material. accordingly, to the extent that any of the information used in the fair value analysis requires judgment, the resulting fair market value would be different. as such, the determination of fair value is driven by both internal assumptions that include significant unobservable inputs (level 3) such as revenue and generation forecasts, projected capital, and maintenance expenditures and discount rates, as well as information from various public, financial and industry sources. an impairment determination would require the affected registrant to reduce the value of either the long-lived asset or asset group, including any associated intangible contract assets and liabilities, as well as current period earnings by the amount of the impairment.
generation evaluates natural gas and oil upstream properties at least annually to determine if they are impaired. impairment for natural gas and oil upstream properties occurs if there are no firm plans to continue drilling, lease expiration is at risk, historical experience indicates a decline in carrying value below fair value or the price of the underlying commodity significantly declines.
exelon holds investments in coal-fired plants in georgia subject to long-term leases. the investments are accounted for as direct financing lease investments. the investments represent the estimated residual values of the leased assets at the end of the respective lease terms. on an annual basis, exelon reviews the estimated residual values of its direct financing lease investments and records an impairment charge if the review indicates an other than temporary decline in the fair value of the residual values below their carrying values. exelon estimates the fair value of the residual values of its direct financing lease investments under the income approach, which uses a discounted cash flow analysis, that takes into consideration significant unobservable inputs (level 3) including the expected revenues to be generated and costs to be incurred to operate the plants over their remaining useful lives subsequent to the lease end dates. significant assumptions used in estimating the fair value include fundamental energy and capacity prices, fixed and variable costs, capital expenditure requirements, discount rates, tax rates, and the estimated remaining useful lives of the plants. the estimated fair values also reflect the cash flows associated with the service contracts associated with the plants given that a market participant would take into consideration all of the terms and conditions contained in the lease agreements.
generation also evaluates its equity method investments to determine whether or not they are impaired based on whether the investment has experienced a decline in value that is not temporary in nature. additionally, if one of generation’s equity method investments recognizes an impairment, generation would record its proportionate share of that impairment loss through its equity earnings (losses) of unconsolidated affiliates.
see note 8—impairment of long-lived assets of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for a discussion of asset impairment evaluations made by exelon.
depreciable lives of property, plant and equipment (exelon, generation, comed, peco and bge)
the registrants have significant investments in electric generation assets and electric and natural gas transmission and distribution assets. depreciation of these assets is generally provided over their estimated service lives on a straight-line basis using the composite method. the registrants complete depreciation studies every five years, or more frequently in an event, regulation action, or change in retirement patterns indicate an update is necessary. the estimation of service lives requires management judgment regarding the period of time that the assets will be in use. as circumstances warrant, the estimated service lives are reviewed to determine if any changes are needed. depreciation rates incorporate assumptions on interim retirements based on actual historical retirement experience. to the extent interim retirement patterns change, this could have a significant impact on the amount of depreciation expense recorded in the income statement. changes to depreciation estimates resulting from a change in the estimated end of service lives could have a significant impact on the amount of depreciation expense recorded in the income statement. see note 1—significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding depreciation and estimated service lives of the property, plant and equipment of the registrants.
the estimated service lives of the nuclear generating facilities are based on the estimated useful lives of the stations, which assume a 20-year license renewal extension of the operating licenses for all of generation’s operating nuclear generating stations except for oyster creek. while generation has received license renewals for certain facilities, and has applied for or expects to apply for and obtain approval of license renewals for the remaining facilities, circumstances may arise that would prevent generation from obtaining additional license renewals. generation also evaluates annually the estimated service lives of its generating facilities based on feasibility assessments as well as economic and capital requirements. the estimated service lives of hydroelectric facilities are based on the
remaining useful lives of the stations, which assume a license renewal extension of the conowingo and muddy run operating licenses. a change in depreciation estimates resulting from generation’s extension or reduction of the estimated service lives could have a significant effect on generation’s results of operations.
generation completed a depreciation rate study during the first quarter of 2010, which resulted in the implementation of new depreciation rates effective january 1, 2010. constellation completed a depreciation rate study during the fourth quarter of 2010, which resulted in the implementation of new depreciation rates effective during the fourth quarter of 2010.
comed is required to file a depreciation rate study at least every five years with the icc. comed completed a depreciation study and filed the updated depreciation rates with both ferc and the icc in january 2014. this resulted in the implementation of new depreciation rates effective first quarter 2014.
peco is required to file a depreciation rate study at least every five years with the papuc. in april 2010, peco filed a depreciation rate study with the papuc for both its electric and gas assets, which resulted in the implementation of new depreciation rates effective january 1, 2010 for electric transmission assets and january 1, 2011 for electric distribution and gas assets. peco expects to complete an updated depreciation study in 2015 and expects this to result in new depreciation rates effective in the first quarter of 2015 for electric transmission assets and first quarter 2016 for electric distribution and gas assets.
the mdpsc does not mandate the frequency or timing of bge’s depreciation studies. in july 2014, bge filed revised depreciation rates with the mdpsc for both its electric distribution and gas assets. revisions to depreciation rates from this filing were finalized and effective december 15, 2014.
defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefits (exelon, generation, comed, peco and bge)
exelon sponsors defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans for substantially all generation, comed, peco, bge and bsc employees. see note 16—retirement benefits of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the accounting for the defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans.
the measurement of the plan obligations and costs of providing benefits under exelon’s defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans involves various factors, including the development of valuation assumptions and accounting policy elections. when developing the required assumptions, exelon considers historical information as well as future expectations. the measurement of benefit obligations and costs is affected by several assumptions including the discount rate applied to benefit obligations, the long-term expected rate of return on plan assets, the anticipated rate of increase of health care costs, exelon’s expected level of contributions to the plans, the incidence of participant mortality, the expected remaining service period of plan participants, the level of compensation and rate of compensation increases, employee age, length of service, and the long-term expected investment rate credited to employees of certain plans, among others. the assumptions are updated annually and upon any interim remeasurement of the plan obligations. the impact of assumption changes or experience different from that assumed on pension and other postretirement benefit obligations is recognized over time rather than immediately recognized in the income statement. gains or losses in excess of the greater of ten percent of the projected benefit obligation or the mrv of plan assets are amortized over the expected average remaining service period of plan participants. pension and other postretirement benefit costs attributed to the operating companies are labor costs and are ultimately allocated to projects within the operating companies, some of which are capitalized.
pension and other postretirement benefit plan assets include equity securities, including u.s. and international securities, and fixed income securities, as well as certain alternative investment classes such as real estate, private equity and hedge funds. see note 16—retirement benefits of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information on fair value measurements of pension and other postretirement plan assets, including valuation techniques and classification under the fair value hierarchy in accordance with authoritative guidance.
expected rate of return on plan assets. the long-term eroa assumption used in calculating pension costs was 7.00%, 7.50% and 7.50% for 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. the weighted average eroa assumption used in calculating other postretirement benefit costs was 6.59%, 6.45% and 6.68% in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. the pension trust activity is non-taxable, while other postretirement benefit trust activity is partially taxable. the current year eroa is based on asset allocations from the prior year end. in 2010, exelon began implementation of a liability-driven investment strategy in order to reduce the volatility of its pension assets relative to its pension liabilities. over time, exelon has decreased its equity investments and increased its investments in fixed income securities and alternative investments within the pension asset portfolio in order to achieve a balanced portfolio of liability hedging and return-generating assets. see note 16—retirement benefits of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding exelon’s asset allocations. exelon used an eroa of 7.00% and 6.46% to estimate its 2015 pension and other postretirement benefit costs, respectively.
exelon calculates the expected return on pension and other postretirement benefit plan assets by multiplying the eroa by the mrv of plan assets at the beginning of the year, taking into consideration anticipated contributions and benefit payments to be made during the year. in determining mrv, the authoritative guidance for pensions and postretirement benefits allows the use of either fair value or a calculated value that recognizes changes in fair value in a systematic and rational manner over not more than five years. for the majority of pension plan assets, exelon uses a calculated value that adjusts for 20% of the difference between fair value and expected mrv of plan assets. use of this calculated value approach enables less volatile expected asset returns to be recognized as a component of pension cost from year to year. for other postretirement benefit plan assets and certain pension plan assets, exelon uses fair value to calculate the mrv.
actual asset returns have an impact on the costs reported for the exelon-sponsored pension and other postretirement benefit plans. the actual asset returns across the registrants’ pension and other postretirement benefit plans for the year ended december 31, 2014 were 10.93% and 5.01%, respectively, compared to an expected long-term return assumption of 7.00% and 6.59%, respectively.
discount rate. the discount rates used to determine the majority pension and other postretirement benefit obligations were 3.94% and 3.92%, respectively, at december 31, 2014. the discount rates at december 31, 2014 represent weighted-average rates for the majority of pension and other postretirement benefit plans. at december 31, 2014 and 2013, the discount rates were determined by developing a spot rate curve based on the yield to maturity of a universe of high-quality non-callable (or callable with make whole provisions) bonds with similar maturities to the related pension and other postretirement benefit obligations. the spot rates are used to discount the estimated distributions under the pension and other postretirement benefit plans. the discount rate is the single level rate that produces the same result as the spot rate curve. exelon utilizes an analytical tool developed by its actuaries to determine the discount rates.
the discount rate assumptions used to determine the obligation at year end are used to determine the cost for the following year. exelon used discount rates ranging from 3.94% and 3.92% to estimate the majority its 2015 pension and other postretirement benefit costs, respectively.
health care reform legislation. in march 2010, the health care reform acts (the acts) were signed into law. the acts include a provision that imposes an excise tax on certain high-cost plans beginning in 2018, whereby premiums paid over a prescribed threshold will be taxed at a 40% rate. although the excise tax does not go into effect until 2018, accounting guidance requires exelon to incorporate the estimated impact of the excise tax in its annual actuarial valuation. the application of the legislation is still unclear and exelon continues to monitor the department of labor and irs for additional guidance. effective in 2002, constellation amended its other postretirement benefit plans for all subsidiaries other than nine mile point by capping retiree medical coverage for future retirees who were under the age of 55 on january 1, 2002 at 2002 levels. therefore, the excise tax is not expected to have a material impact on the legacy constellation other postretirement benefit plans. although exelon has capped the rate of claims growth for certain legacy exelon plan participants over age 65, exposure to the excise tax remains. certain key assumptions are required to estimate the impact of the excise tax on the other postretirement obligation for legacy exelon plans, including projected inflation rates (based on the cpi), and under what circumstances pre- and post-65 retiree benefits can be aggregated in determining the premium values of health care benefits. exelon reflected its best estimate of the expected impact in its annual actuarial valuation.
health care cost trend rate. assumed health care cost trend rates impact the costs reported for exelon’s other postretirement benefit plans for participant populations with plan designs that do not have a cap on cost growth. accounting guidance requires that annual health care cost estimates be developed using past and present health care cost trends (both for exelon and across the broader economy), as well as expectations of health care cost escalation, changes in health care utilization and delivery patterns, technological advances and changes in the health status of plan participants. therefore, the trend rate assumption is subject to significant uncertainty. exelon assumed an initial health care cost trend rate of 6.00% for 2014, decreasing to an ultimate health care cost trend rate of 5.00% in 2017.
mortality. the mortality assumption is composed of a base table that represents the current expectation of life expectancy of the population adjusted by an improvement scale that attempts to anticipate future improvements in life expectancy. exelon historically used a mortality base table for its accounting valuation that is consistent with the irs required table for funding (referred to as rp-2000) and its corresponding improvement scale. during 2014, the society of actuaries (soa) issued an updated mortality table (referred to as rp-2014) and improvement scale that suggests significant mortality improvement over the prior table. exelon has a substantial employee population that provides a credible basis for mortality evaluation. exelon engaged its actuaries to conduct a mortality study of exelon’s actual experience over a five year period as compared to the rp-2000 and rp-2014 tables, which resulted in a determination that the rp-2000 more closely aligns with exelon’s actual mortality experience. the study also considered available improvement scales. management concluded that the rp-2000 and a more recent improvement scale issued by the soa with certain adjustments to long-term improvement rates represent its best estimate of mortality. exelon is utilizing the scale bb 2-dimensional improvement scale with long-term improvements of 0.75% (as compared to the 1% incorporated in the issued table) for its mortality improvement assumption. the change in assumption resulted in increases of $361 million and $117 million in the pension and other postretirement benefits obligations, respectively and an increase in 2015 cost of $45 million and $20 million for pension and other postretirement benefits, respectively.
sensitivity to changes in key assumptions. the following tables illustrate the effects of changing certain of the actuarial assumptions discussed above, while holding all other assumptions constant (dollars in millions):
actuarial assumption                                  change in   pension               other postretirement             total assumption                                     benefits change in 2014 cost:
health care cost trend rate (b)                           1.00%         n/a                               35                35
change in benefit obligation at december 31, 2014:
health care cost trend rate (b)                           1.00%         n/a                              162               162
(a)                                        in general, the discount rate will have a larger impact on the pension and other postretirement benefit cost and obligation as the rate moves closer to 0%. therefore, the discount rate sensitivities above cannot necessarily be extrapolated for larger increases or decreases in the discount rate. additionally, exelon implemented a liability-driven investment strategy for a portion of its pension asset portfolio in
2010. the sensitivities shown above do not reflect the offsetting impact that changes in discount rates may have on pension asset returns.
(b)   changes in the plan design of certain other postretirement benefit plans have resulted in reduced sensitivity to the health care cost trend rate.
average remaining service period. for pension benefits, exelon amortizes its unrecognized prior service costs and certain actuarial gains and losses, as applicable, based on participants’ average remaining service periods. the average remaining service period of defined benefit pension plan participants was 11.8 years, 11.8 years and 11.9 years for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
for other postretirement benefits, exelon amortizes its unrecognized prior service costs over participants’ average remaining service period to benefit eligibility age and amortizes its transition obligations and certain actuarial gains and losses over participants’ average remaining service period to expected retirement. the average remaining service period of postretirement benefit plan participants related to benefit eligibility age was 9.1 years, 8.7 years and 8.9 years for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. the average remaining service period of postretirement benefit plan participants related to expected retirement was 10.1 years, 9.8 years and 10.1 years for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
exelon, comed, peco and bge account for their regulated electric and gas operations in accordance with the authoritative guidance for accounting for certain types of regulations, which requires exelon, comed, peco and bge to reflect the effects of cost-based rate regulation in their financial statements. this guidance is applicable to entities with regulated operations that meet the following criteria: (1) rates are established or approved by a third-party regulator; (2) rates are designed to recover the entities’ cost of providing services or products; and (3) a reasonable expectation that rates are set at levels that will recover the entities costs from customers. regulatory assets represent incurred costs that have been deferred because of their probable future recovery from customers through regulated rates. regulatory liabilities represent (1) the excess recovery of costs or
accrued credits that have been deferred because it is probable such amounts will be returned to customers through future regulated rates; or (2) billings in advance of expenditures for approved regulatory programs. as of december 31, 2014, exelon, comed, peco and bge have concluded that the operations of comed, peco and bge meet the criteria to apply the authoritative guidance. if it is concluded in a future period that a separable portion of those operations no longer meets the criteria of this guidance, exelon, comed, peco and bge would be required to eliminate any associated regulatory assets and liabilities and the impact would be recognized in the consolidated statements of operations and could be material. see note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding regulatory matters, including the regulatory assets and liabilities tables of exelon, comed, peco and bge.
for each regulatory jurisdiction in which they conduct business, exelon, comed, peco and bge assess whether the regulatory assets and liabilities continue to meet the criteria for probable future recovery or settlement at each balance sheet date and when regulatory events occur. this assessment includes consideration of recent rate orders, historical regulatory treatment for similar costs in comed’s, peco’s and bge’s jurisdictions, and factors such as changes in applicable regulatory and political environments. furthermore, exelon, comed, peco and bge make other judgments related to the financial statement impact of their regulatory environments, such as the types of adjustments to rate base that will be acceptable to regulatory bodies, if any, to which costs will be recoverable through rates. refer to the revenue recognition discussion below for additional information on the annual revenue reconciliations associated with comed’s distribution formula rate tariff, pursuant to eima, and ferc-approved transmission formula rate tariffs for comed and bge. additionally, estimates are made in accordance with the authoritative guidance for contingencies as to the amount of revenues billed under certain regulatory orders that may ultimately be refunded to customers upon finalization of applicable regulatory or judicial processes. these assessments are based, to the extent possible, on past relevant experience with regulatory bodies in comed’s, peco’s and bge’s jurisdictions, known circumstances specific to a particular matter and hearings held with the applicable regulatory body. if the assessments and estimates made by exelon, comed, peco and bge are ultimately different than actual regulatory outcomes, the impact on their results of operations, financial position, and cash flows could be material.
the registrants treat the impacts of a final rate order received after the balance sheet date but prior to the issuance of the financial statements as a non-recognized subsequent event, as the receipt of a final rate order is a separate and distinct event that has future impacts on the parties affected by the order.
accounting for derivative instruments (exelon, generation, comed, peco and bge)
the registrants utilize derivative instruments to manage their exposure to fluctuations in interest rates, changes in interest rates related to planned future debt issuances and changes in the fair value of outstanding debt. generation uses a variety of derivative and non-derivative instruments to manage the commodity price risk of its electric generation facilities, including power sales, fuel and energy purchases and other energy-related products marketed and purchased. additionally, generation enters into energy-related derivatives for proprietary trading purposes. comed has entered into contracts to procure energy, capacity and ancillary services. in addition, comed had a financial swap contract with generation that expired may 31, 2013 and currently holds floating-to-fixed energy swaps with several unaffiliated suppliers that extend into 2032. peco and bge have entered into derivative natural gas contracts to hedge their long-term price risk in the natural gas market. peco has also entered into derivative contracts to procure electric supply through a competitive rfp process as outlined in its papuc-approved dsp program. bge has also entered into derivative contracts to procure electric supply through a competitive auction process as outlined in its mdpsc-approved sos program. comed, peco and bge do not enter into derivatives for proprietary trading purposes. the
registrants’ derivative activities are in accordance with exelon’s risk management policy (rmp). see note 12—derivative financial instruments of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the registrants’ derivative instruments.
the registrants account for derivative financial instruments under the applicable authoritative guidance. determining whether or not a contract qualifies as a derivative under this guidance requires that management exercise significant judgment, including assessing the market liquidity as well as determining whether a contract has one or more underlyings and one or more notional amounts. further, interpretive guidance related to the authoritative literature continues to evolve, including how it applies to energy and energy-related products. changes in management’s assessment of contracts and the liquidity of their markets, and changes in authoritative guidance related to derivatives, could result in previously excluded contracts being subject to the provisions of the authoritative derivative guidance. generation has determined that contracts to purchase uranium, contracts to purchase and sell capacity in certain iso’s, certain emission products and recs do not meet the definition of a derivative under the current authoritative guidance since they do not provide for net settlement and neither the uranium, certain capacity, emission nor the rec markets are sufficiently liquid to conclude that physical forward contracts are readily convertible to cash. if these markets do become sufficiently liquid in the future and generation would be required to account for these contracts as derivative instruments, the fair value of these contracts would be accounted for consistent with generation’s other derivative instruments. in this case, if market prices differ from the underlying prices of the contracts, generation would be required to record mark-to-market gains or losses, which may have a significant impact to exelon’s and generation’s financial positions and results of operations.
under current authoritative guidance, all derivatives are recognized on the balance sheet at their fair value, except for certain derivatives that qualify for, and are elected under, the normal purchases and normal sales exception. further, derivatives that qualify and are designated for hedge accounting are classified as fair value or cash flow hedges. for fair value hedges, changes in fair values for both the derivative and the underlying hedged exposure are recognized in earnings each period. for cash flow hedges, the portion of the derivative gain or loss that is effective in offsetting the change in the hedged cash flows of the underlying exposure is deferred in accumulated oci and later reclassified into earnings when the underlying transaction occurs. gains and losses from the ineffective portion of any hedge are recognized in earnings immediately. for commodity transactions, effective with the date of the constellation merger, generation no longer utilizes the election provided for by the cash flow hedge designation and de-designated all of its existing cash flow hedges prior to the constellation merger. because the underlying forecasted transactions remain probable, the fair value of the effective portion of these cash flow hedges was frozen in accumulated oci and will be reclassified to results of operations when the forecasted purchase or sale of the energy commodity occurs, or becomes probable of not occurring. none of constellation’s designated cash flow hedges for commodity transactions prior to the constellation merger were re-designated as cash flow hedges. the effect of this decision is that all economic hedges for commodities are recorded at fair value through earnings for the combined company. in addition, for energy-related derivatives entered into for proprietary trading purposes, changes in the fair value of the derivatives are recognized in earnings each period. for economic hedges that are not designated for hedge accounting for comed, peco and bge, changes in the fair value each period are recorded as a regulatory asset or liability.
normal purchases and normal sales exception. as part of generation’s energy marketing business, generation enters into contracts to buy and sell energy to meet the requirements of its customers. these contracts include short-term and long-term commitments to purchase and sell energy and energy-related products in the retail and wholesale markets with the intent and ability to deliver or take delivery. while some of these contracts are considered derivative financial instruments under the authoritative guidance, certain of these qualifying transactions have been designated as normal purchases and normal sales and are thus not required to be recorded at fair value, but rather
on an accrual basis of accounting. determining whether a contract qualifies for the normal purchases and normal sales exception requires that management exercise judgment on whether the contract will physically deliver and requires that management ensure compliance with all of the associated qualification and documentation requirements. revenues and expenses on contracts that qualify as normal purchases and normal sales are recognized when the underlying physical transaction is completed. contracts which qualify for the normal purchases and normal sales exception are those for which physical delivery is probable, quantities are expected to be used or sold in the normal course of business over a reasonable period of time and is not financially settled on a net basis. the contracts that comed has entered into with suppliers as part of comed’s energy procurement process, peco’s full requirement contracts and block contracts under the papuc-approved dsp program, most of peco’s natural gas supply agreements and all of bge’s full requirement contracts and natural gas supply agreements that are derivatives qualify for the normal purchases and normal sales exception.
commodity contracts. identification of a commodity contract as an economic hedge requires generation to determine that the contract is in accordance with the rmp. generation reassesses its economic hedges on a regular basis to determine if they continue to be within the guidelines of the rmp.
as a part of accounting for derivatives, the registrants make estimates and assumptions concerning future commodity prices, load requirements, interest rates, the timing of future transactions and their probable cash flows, the fair value of contracts and the expected changes in the fair value in deciding whether or not to enter into derivative transactions, and in determining the initial accounting treatment for derivative transactions. in accordance with the authoritative guidance for fair value measurements, the registrants categorize these derivatives under a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. derivative contracts are traded in both exchange-based and non-exchange-based markets. exchange-based derivatives that are valued using unadjusted quoted prices in active markets are categorized in level 1 in the fair value hierarchy. certain derivatives’ pricing is verified using indicative price quotations available through brokers or over-the-counter, on-line exchanges are categorized in level 2. these price quotations reflect the average of the bid-ask mid-point prices and are obtained from sources that the registrants believe provide the most liquid market for the commodity. the price quotations are reviewed and corroborated to ensure the prices are observable and representative of an orderly transaction between market participants. this includes consideration of actual transaction volumes, market delivery points, bid-ask spreads and contract duration. the registrant’s derivatives are traded predominately at liquid trading points. the remaining derivative contracts are valued using the black model, an industry standard option valuation model. the black model takes into account inputs such as contract terms, including maturity, and market parameters, and assumptions of the future prices of energy, interest rates, volatility, credit worthiness and credit spread. for derivatives that trade in liquid markets, such as generic forwards, swaps and options, the model inputs are generally observable. such instruments are categorized in level 2. for derivatives that trade in less liquid markets with limited pricing information, the model inputs generally would include both observable and unobservable inputs. in instances where observable data is unavailable, consideration is given to the assumptions that market participants would use in valuing the asset or liability. this includes assumptions about market risks such as liquidity, volatility and contract duration. such instruments are categorized in level 3 as the model inputs generally are not observable. the registrants consider nonperformance risk, including credit risk in the valuation of derivative contracts categorized in level 1, 2 and 3, including both historical and current market data in its assessment of nonperformance risk, including credit risk. the impacts of credit and nonperformance risk to date have generally not been material to the financial statements.
interest rate and foreign exchange derivative instruments. the registrants may utilize fixed-to-floating interest rate swaps, which are typically designated as fair value hedges, as a means to achieve the targeted level of variable-rate debt as a percent of total debt. additionally, the registrants
may use forward-starting interest rate swaps and treasury rate locks to lock in interest-rate levels in anticipation of future financings and floating to fixed swaps for project financing. in addition, generation enters into interest rate derivative contracts to economically hedge risk associated with the interest rate component of commodity positions. the characterization of the interest rate derivative contracts between the economic hedge and proprietary trading activity is driven by the corresponding characterization of the underlying commodity position that gives rise to the interest rate exposure. generation does not utilize interest rate derivatives with the objective of benefiting from shifts or change in market interest rates. to manage foreign exchange rate exposure associated with international energy purchases in currencies other than u.s. dollars, generation utilizes foreign currency derivatives, which are typically designated as economic hedges. the fair value of the agreements is calculated by discounting the future net cash flows to the present value based on the terms and conditions of the agreements and the forward interest rate and foreign exchange curves. as these inputs are based on observable data and valuations of similar instruments, the interest rate and foreign exchange derivatives are primarily categorized in level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. certain exchange based interest rate derivatives that are valued using unadjusted quoted prices in active markets are categorized in level 1 in the fair value hierarchy.
see item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk and note 11—fair value of financial assets and liabilities and note 12—derivative financial instruments of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the registrants’ derivative instruments.
taxation (exelon, generation, comed, peco and bge)
significant management judgment is required in determining the registrants’ provisions for income taxes, primarily due to the uncertainty related to tax positions taken, as well as deferred tax assets and liabilities and valuation allowances. in accordance with applicable authoritative guidance, the registrants account for uncertain income tax positions using a benefit recognition model with a two-step approach including a more-likely-than-not recognition threshold and a measurement approach based on the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. if it is not more-likely-than-not that the benefit of the tax position will be sustained on its technical merits, no benefit is recorded. uncertain tax positions that relate only to timing of when an item is included on a tax return are considered to have met the recognition threshold. management evaluates each position based solely on the technical merits and facts and circumstances of the position, assuming the position will be examined by a taxing authority having full knowledge of all relevant information. significant judgment is required to determine whether the recognition threshold has been met and, if so, the appropriate amount of unrecognized tax benefits to be recorded in the registrants’ consolidated financial statements.
the registrants evaluate quarterly the probability of realizing deferred tax assets by reviewing a forecast of future taxable income and their intent and ability to implement tax planning strategies, if necessary, to realize deferred tax assets. the registrants also assess their ability to utilize tax attributes, including those in the form of carryforwards, for which the benefits have already been reflected in the financial statements. the registrants record valuation allowances for deferred tax assets when the registrants conclude it is more-likely-than-not such benefit will not be realized in future periods.
actual income taxes could vary from estimated amounts due to the future impacts of various items, including changes in income tax laws, the registrants’ forecasted financial condition and results of operations, failure to successfully implement tax planning strategies, as well as results of audits and examinations of filed tax returns by taxing authorities. while the registrants believe the resulting tax balances as of december 31, 2014 and 2013 are appropriately accounted for in accordance with the applicable authoritative guidance, the ultimate outcome of tax matters could result in favorable or
unfavorable adjustments to their consolidated financial statements and such adjustments could be material. see note 14—income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding taxes.
accounting for loss contingencies (exelon, generation, comed, peco and bge)
in the preparation of their financial statements, the registrants make judgments regarding the future outcome of contingent events and record liabilities for loss contingencies that are probable and can be reasonably estimated based upon available information. the amounts recorded may differ from the actual expense incurred when the uncertainty is resolved. the estimates that the registrants make in accounting for loss contingencies and the actual results that they record upon the ultimate resolution of these uncertainties could have a significant effect on their consolidated financial statements.
environmental costs. environmental investigation and remediation liabilities are based upon estimates with respect to the number of sites for which the registrants will be responsible, the scope and cost of work to be performed at each site, the portion of costs that will be shared with other parties, the timing of the remediation work, changes in technology, regulations and the requirements of local governmental authorities. periodic studies are conducted at comed, peco and bge to determine future remediation requirements and estimates are adjusted accordingly. in addition, periodic reviews are performed at generation to assess the adequacy of its environmental reserves. these matters, if resolved in a manner different from the estimate, could have a significant effect on the registrants’ results of operations, financial position and cash flows. see note 22—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further information.
other, including personal injury claims. the registrants are self-insured for general liability, automotive liability, workers’ compensation, and personal injury claims to the extent that losses are within policy deductibles or exceed the amount of insurance maintained. the registrants have reserves for both open claims asserted and an estimate of claims incurred but not reported (ibnr). the ibnr reserve is estimated based on actuarial assumptions and analysis and is updated annually. future events, such as the number of new claims to be filed each year, the average cost of disposing of claims, as well as the numerous uncertainties surrounding litigation and possible state and national legislative measures could cause the actual costs to be higher or lower than estimated. accordingly, these claims, if resolved in a manner different from the estimate, could have a material effect on the registrants’ results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
revenue recognition (exelon, generation, comed, peco and bge)
sources of revenue and selection of accounting treatment. the registrants earn revenues from various business activities including: the sale of energy and energy-related products, such as natural gas, capacity, and other commodities in non-regulated markets (wholesale and retail); the sale and delivery of electricity and natural gas in regulated markets; and the provision of other energy-related non-regulated products and services.
the appropriate accounting treatment for revenue recognition is based on the nature of the underlying transaction and applicable accounting standards. the registrants primarily use accrual and mark-to-market accounting as discussed in more detail below.
accrual accounting. under accrual accounting, the registrants record revenues in the period when services are rendered or energy is delivered to customers. the registrants generally use accrual accounting to recognize revenues for sales of electricity, natural gas, and other commodities as part of their physical delivery activities. the registrants enter into these sales transactions using a variety of instruments, including non-derivative agreements, derivatives that qualify for and are designated as
normal purchases and normal sales (npns) of commodities that will be physically delivered, sales to utility customers under regulated service tariffs, and spot-market sales, including settlements with independent system operators.
mark-to-market accounting. the registrants record revenues and expenses using the mark-to-market method of accounting for transactions that meet the definition of a derivative for which they are not permitted, or have not elected, the npns exception. these mark-to-market transactions primarily relate to risk management activities and economic hedges of other accrual activities. mark-to-market revenues and expenses include: inception gains or losses on new transactions where the fair value is observable and realized; and unrealized gains and losses from changes in the fair value of open contracts.
use of estimates. estimates are based upon actual costs incurred and investments in rate base for the period and the rates of return on common equity and associated regulatory capital structure allowed under the applicable tariff. the estimated reconciliations can be affected by, among other things, variances in costs incurred and investments made and actions by regulators or courts.
unbilled revenues. the determination of generation’s, comed’s, peco’s and bge’s retail energy sales to individual customers is based on systematic readings of customer meters generally on a monthly basis. at the end of each month, amounts of energy delivered to customers since the date of the last meter reading are estimated, and corresponding unbilled revenue is recorded. the measurement of unbilled revenue is affected by the following factors: daily customer usage measured by generation or gas throughput volume, customer usage by class, losses of energy during delivery to customers and applicable customer rates. increases or decreases in volumes delivered to the utilities’ customers and favorable or unfavorable rate mix due to changes in usage patterns in customer classes in the period could be significant to the calculation of unbilled revenue. in addition, volumes may fluctuate monthly as a result of customers electing to use an alternate supplier, which could be significant to the calculation of unbilled revenue since unbilled commodity receivables are not recorded for these customers. changes in the timing of meter reading schedules and the number and type of customers scheduled for each meter reading date would also have an effect on the measurement of unbilled revenue; however, total operating revenues would remain materially unchanged.
see note 6—accounts receivable of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
regulated transmission & distribution revenues. comed’s eima distribution formula rate tariff provides for annual reconciliations to the distribution revenue requirement. as of the balance sheet dates, comed has recorded its best estimates of the distribution revenue impact resulting from changes in rates that comed believes are probable of approval by the icc in accordance with the formula rate mechanism. estimates are based upon actual costs incurred and investments in rate base for the period and the rates of return on common equity and associated regulatory capital structure allowed under the applicable tariff. the estimated reconciliation can be affected by, among other things, variances in costs incurred and investments made and actions by regulators or courts.
comed’s and bge’s ferc transmission formula rate tariffs provide for annual reconciliations to the transmission revenue requirements. as of the balance sheet dates, comed and bge have recorded the best estimate of their respective transmission revenue impact resulting from changes in rates that comed and bge believe are probable of approval by ferc in accordance with the formula rate mechanism. estimates are based upon actual costs incurred and investments in rate base for the period and the rates of return on common equity and associated regulatory capital structure allowed under the applicable tariff. the estimated reconciliation can be affected by, among other things, variances in costs incurred and investments made and actions by regulators or courts.
allowance for uncollectible accounts (exelon, generation, comed, peco and bge)
the allowance for uncollectible accounts reflects the registrants’ best estimates of losses on the accounts receivable balances. for generation, the allowance is based on accounts receivable aging historical experience and other currently available information. comed and peco estimate the allowance for uncollectible accounts on customer receivables by applying loss rates developed specifically for each company to the outstanding receivable balance by customer risk segment. at december 31, 2013, bge estimated the allowance for uncollectible accounts on customer receivables by assigning a reserve factor for each aging bucket. these percentages were derived from a study of billing progression which determined the reserve factors by aging bucket. at december 31, 2014, bge changed to a methodology for estimating the allowance for uncollectible accounts, which was consistent with comed and peco, as described above. risk segments represent a group of customers with similar credit quality indicators that are computed based on various attributes, including delinquency of their balances and payment history. loss rates applied to the accounts receivable balances are based on historical average charge-offs as a percentage of accounts receivable in each risk segment. comed, peco and bge customers’ accounts are generally considered delinquent if the amount billed is not received by the time the next bill is issued, which normally occurs on a monthly basis. comed, peco and bge customer accounts are written off consistent with approved regulatory requirements. comed’s, peco’s and bge’s provisions for uncollectible accounts will continue to be affected by changes in volume, prices and economic conditions as well as changes in icc, papuc and mdpsc regulations, respectively. see note 6—accounts receivable of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding accounts receivable.
results of operations by business segment the comparisons of operating results and other statistical information for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 set forth below include intercompany transactions, which are eliminated in exelon’s consolidated financial statements.
generation           835             1,070              (235   )           562                   508
(a)   for bge, reflects bge’s operations for the year ended december 31, 2012. for exelon and generation, includes the operations of the constellation and bge from the date of the merger, march 12, 2012, through december 31, 2012.
(b)   on april 1, 2014, generation assumed operational control of ceng’s nuclear fleet. as a result, the 2014 financial results include ceng’s results of operations on a fully consolidated basis from april 1, 2014, through december 31, 2014.
results of operations—generation
variance                                 variance operating revenues                                               $17,393               $15,630                $1,763            $14,437                $1,193
revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense (a)                7,468                 7,433                    35              7,376                    57
other operating expenses operating and maintenance                                          5,566                 4,534                (1,032   )          5,028                   494
total other operating expenses                                     6,998                 5,779                (1,219   )          6,165                   386
equity in (losses) earnings of unconsolidated affiliates             (20   )                10                   (30   )            (91   )               101
gain (loss) on sales of assets                                       437                    13                   424                 (7   )                20
gain on consolidation and acquisition of businesses                  289                     —                   289                  —                     —
operating income                                                   1,176                 1,677                  (501   )          1,113                   564
(a)                                     generation evaluates its operating performance using the measure of revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense. generation believes that revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense is a useful measurement because it provides information that can be used to evaluate its operational performance. revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense is not a presentation defined under gaap and may not be comparable to other companies’ presentations or deemed more useful than the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report.
(b)   includes the operations of constellation from the date of the merger, march 12, 2012.
(c)   on april 1, 2014, generation assumed operational control of ceng’s nuclear fleet. as a result, the 2014 financial results include ceng’s results of operations on a fully consolidated basis from april 1, 2014 through december 31, 2014.
net income attributable to membership interest year ended december 31, 2014 compared to year ended december 31, 2013. generation’s net income attributable to membership interest decreased compared to the same period in 2013 primarily due to higher operating and maintenance expense and higher depreciation expense; partially offset by higher revenue, net of purchase power and fuel expense, higher other income, the gains recorded on the sale of generation’s ownership interest in generating stations, the bargain-purchase gain recorded related to the integrys acquisition, and the gain recorded upon consolidation of ceng. the increase in operating and maintenance expense was largely due to increased labor contracting and materials expense due to the inclusion of ceng’s results beginning april 1, 2014 and impairment charges related to 1) generating assets held-for-sale, 2) certain upstream assets, and 3) wind generating assets. the increase in revenue, net of purchased power and fuel expense was primarily due to the inclusion of ceng’s results beginning april 1, 2014, a decrease in fuel costs related to the cancellation of doe spent nuclear fuel disposal fees, an increase in capacity prices, and favorable portfolio management activities in the new england an south regions, partially offset by lower realized energy prices related to executing exelon’s ratable hedging strategy, higher procurement costs for replacement power due to extreme cold weather in the first quarter of 2014, and unrealized mark-to-market losses in 2014. the increase in other income is primarily the result of increased realized and unrealized gain on ndt funds.
year ended december 31, 2013 compared to year ended december 31, 2012. generation’s net income attributable to membership interest increased compared to the same period in 2012 primarily due to higher revenue, net of purchased power and fuel expense, lower operating and maintenance expense and higher earnings from generation’s interest in ceng; partially offset by impairment of certain generating assets, higher depreciation expense, higher property taxes, and higher interest expense. the increase in revenue, net of purchased power and fuel expense was primarily due to increased capacity prices and higher nuclear volume, partially offset by lower realized energy prices, higher nuclear fuel costs, and lower mark-to-market gains in 2013. the decrease in operating and maintenance expense was largely due to 2012 costs associated with a settlement with ferc in 2012 and decreases in transaction costs and employee-related costs associated with the merger.
revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense generation’s six reportable segments are based on the geographic location of its assets, and are largely representative of the footprints of an iso/rto and/or nerc region. descriptions of each of generation’s six reportable segments are as follows:
•   mid-atlantic represents operations in the eastern half of pjm, which includes pennsylvania, new jersey, maryland, virginia, west virginia, delaware, the district of columbia and parts of north carolina.
•                                                 midwest represents operations in the western half of pjm, which includes portions of illinois, indiana, ohio, michigan, kentucky and tennessee, and the united states footprint of miso excluding miso’s southern region, which covers all or most of north dakota, south dakota, nebraska, minnesota, iowa, wisconsin, the remaining parts of illinois, indiana, michigan and ohio not covered by pjm, and parts of montana, missouri and kentucky.
•   new england represents the operations within iso-ne covering the states of connecticut, maine, massachusetts, new hampshire, rhode island and vermont.
•   new york represents operations within new york iso, which covers the state of new york in its entirety.
•   ercot represents operations within electric reliability council of texas, covering most of the state of texas.
•                                                     south represents operations in the frcc, miso’s southern region, and the remaining portions of the serc not included within miso or pjm, which includes all or most of florida, arkansas, louisiana, mississippi, alabama, georgia, tennessee, north carolina, south carolina and parts of missouri, kentucky and texas. generation’s south region also includes operations in the spp, covering kansas, oklahoma, most of nebraska and parts of new mexico, texas, louisiana, missouri, mississippi and arkansas.
•   west represents operations in the wecc, which includes california iso, and covers the states of california, oregon, washington, arizona, nevada, utah, idaho, colorado, and parts of new mexico, wyoming and south dakota.
•   canada represents operations across the entire country of canada and includes the aeso, oieso and the canadian portion of miso.
the following business activities are not allocated to a region, and are reported under other: retail and wholesale gas, investments in gas and oil exploration and production activities, proprietary trading, distributed generation, heating, cooling, and cogeneration facilities, and home improvements, sales of electric and gas appliances, servicing of heating, air conditioning, plumbing, electrical, and indoor quality systems and investments in energy-related proprietary technology. further, the following activities are not allocated to a region, and are reported in other: compensation under the reliability-must-run rate schedule; results of operations from the maryland clean-coal assets sold in the fourth quarter of 2012; unrealized mark-to-market impact of economic hedging activities; amortization of certain intangible assets relating to commodity contracts recorded at fair value and other miscellaneous revenues.
generation evaluates the operating performance of its power marketing activities and allocates resources using the measure of revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense which is a non-gaap measurement. generation’s operating revenues include all sales to third parties and affiliated sales to comed, peco and bge. purchased power costs include all costs associated with the procurement and supply of electricity including capacity, energy and ancillary services. fuel expense includes the fuel costs for internally generated energy and fuel costs associated with tolling agreements.
for the years ended december 31, 2014 compared to 2013 and december 31, 2013 compared to 2012, generation’s revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense by region were as follows:
2014                  2013                       variance                 % change            2012 (a)          variance                  % change mid-atlantic                                                              $3,417                $3,270                $147                      4.5   %          $3,433             $(163   )                  (4.7   )%
total electric revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense             7,489                 6,674                 815                     12.2   %           7,239              (565   )                  (7.8   )%
mark-to-market gains (losses)                                               (591   )               504              (1,095   )                 n.m.                 515               (11   )                  (2.1   )%
total revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense                     $7,468                $7,433                 $35                      0.5   %          $7,376               $57                       0.8   %
(b)   on april 1, 2014, generation assumed operational control of ceng’s nuclear fleet. as a result, the 2014 financial results include ceng’s results of operations on a fully consolidated basis from april 1, 2014 through december 31, 2014.
(c)   results of transactions with peco and bge are included in the mid-atlantic region.
(d)   results of transactions with comed are included in the midwest region.
(f)                    other represents activities not allocated to a region. see text above for a description of included activities. also includes amortization of intangible assets related to commodity contracts recorded at fair value of $124 million, $488 million, and $1,098 million pre-tax for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, december 31, 2013, and december 31, 2012, respectively.
(g)                                    includes $113 million and $169 million of purchased power from ceng prior to its consolidation on april 1, 2014 in the mid-atlantic and new york regions, respectively, for the year ended december 31, 2014. includes $542 million and $450 million of purchased power from ceng in the mid-atlantic and new york regions, respectively, for the year ended december 31, 2013. includes $487 million and $306 million of purchased power from ceng in the mid-atlantic and new york regions, respectively, for the year ended december 31, 2012. see note 25—related party transactions of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
generation’s supply sources by region are summarized below:
supply source (gwh)      2014              2013                    variance                 % change              2012 (a)         variance                 % change nuclear generation
(b)       includes the proportionate share of output where generation has an undivided ownership interest in jointly-owned generating plants and includes the total output of plants that are fully consolidated (e.g. ceng). nuclear generation for the year ended december 31, 2014 includes physical volumes of 11,408 gwh in mid-atlantic and 13,645 gwh in new york for ceng.
(c)                             purchased power includes physical volumes of 2,489 gwh, 12,067 gwh, and 9,925 gwh in the mid-atlantic and 2,857 gwh, 12,165 gwh, and 9,350 gwh in new york as a result of the ppa with ceng for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively. on april 1, 2014, generation assumed operational control of ceng’s nuclear fleet. as a result, 100% of ceng volumes are included in nuclear generation.
(d)   excludes generation under the reliability-must-run rate schedule and generation of brandon shores, h.a. wagner, and c.p. crane, the generating facilities divested in the fourth quarter of 2012 as a result of the exelon and constellation merger.
(f)   excludes physical proprietary trading volumes of 10,571 gwh, 8,762 gwh, and 12,958 gwh for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively.
(g)   includes sales to peco through the competitive procurement process of 2,520 gwh, 5,070 gwh, and 7,762 gwh for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively. sales to bge of 5,093 gwh, 5,595 gwh, and 3,766 gwh were included for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively.
(h)   includes sales to comed under the rfp procurement of 5,259 gwh, 7,491 gwh and 4,152 gwh for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively.
mid-atlantic year ended december 31, 2014 compared to year ended december 31, 2013. the increase in revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense in the mid-atlantic of $147 million was primarily due to the consolidation of ceng, the cancellation of the doe spent nuclear fuel disposal fees, and favorable portfolio management optimization activities, partially offset by higher procurement costs for replacement power, lower nuclear volumes (excluding ceng), lower capacity revenues, and lower realized energy prices related to executing generation’s ratable hedging strategy.
year ended december 31, 2013 compared to year ended december 31, 2012. the decrease in revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense in the mid-atlantic of $163 million was primarily due to lower realized energy prices and increased nuclear fuel costs, partially offset by the addition of constellation in 2012, higher capacity revenues, and higher nuclear revenues.
midwest year ended december 31, 2014 compared to year ended december 31, 2013. the increase in revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense in the midwest of $8 million was primarily due to higher capacity prices, higher nuclear volumes, and the cancellation of the doe spent nuclear fuel disposal fee, partially offset by lower realized energy prices related to executing generation’s ratable hedging strategy.
year ended december 31, 2013 compared to year ended december 31, 2012. the decrease in revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense in the midwest of $412 million was primarily due to lower realized energy prices, increased nuclear fuel costs, and lower capacity revenues, partially offset by higher nuclear revenues.
new england year ended december 31, 2014 compared to year ended december 31, 2013. the $166 million increase in revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense in new england is primarily due to higher realized energy prices and favorable impacts from the restructuring of a fuel supply contract, partially offset by lower generation volume.
year ended december 31, 2013 compared to year ended december 31, 2012. the $11 million decrease in revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense in new england is primarily due to lower realized energy prices, partially offset by the addition of constellation in 2012. prior to the merger, new england was not a significant contributor to revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense at generation.
new york year ended december 31, 2014 compared to year ended december 31, 2013. the $487 million increase in revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense in new york was primarily due to the consolidation of ceng.
year ended december 31, 2013 compared to year ended december 31, 2012. the $80 million decrease in revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense in new york was primarily due to decreased realized energy prices, partially offset by the addition of constellation. prior to the merger, new york was not a significant contributor to revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense at generation.
ercot year ended december 31, 2014 compared to year ended december 31, 2013. the $119 million decrease in revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense in ercot was primarily due to higher procurement costs for replacement power in the second quarter of 2014 and the termination of an energy supply contract with a retail power supply company that was previously a consolidated variable interest entity. as a result of the termination, generation no longer has a variable interest in the retail supply company and ceased consolidation of the entity during the third quarter of 2013. the decreases were partially offset by higher generation volume in the first quarter of 2014.
year ended december 31, 2013 compared to year ended december 31, 2012. the $31 million increase in revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense in ercot was primarily due to increased realized energy prices and the addition of constellation in 2012, partially offset by a decrease due to the termination of an energy supply contract with a retail power supply company that was previously a consolidated variable interest entity. as a result of the termination, generation no longer has a variable interest in the retail supply company and ceased consolidation of the entity during the third quarter of 2013.
other regions year ended december 31, 2014 compared to year ended december 31, 2013. the $126 million increase in revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense in other regions was primarily due to higher generation volumes and higher realized energy prices.
year ended december 31, 2013 compared to year ended december 31, 2012. the $70 million increase in revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense in other regions was primarily as a result of the addition of constellation in 2012, in addition to increased renewable generation.
mark-to-market year ended december 31, 2014 compared to year ended december 31, 2013. generation is exposed to market risks associated with changes in commodity prices and enters into economic hedges to mitigate exposure to these fluctuations. mark-to-market losses on economic hedging activities were $591 million in 2014 compared to gains of $504 million in 2013. see note 11—fair value of financial assets and liabilities and note 12—derivative financial instruments of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for information on gains and losses associated with mark-to-market derivatives.
year ended december 31, 2013 compared to year ended december 31, 2012. generation is exposed to market risks associated with changes in commodity prices and enters into economic hedges to mitigate exposure to these fluctuations. mark-to-market gains on economic hedging activities were $504 million in 2013 compared to gains of $515 million in 2012. see note 11—fair value of financial assets and liabilities and note 12—derivative financial instruments of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for information on gains and losses associated with mark-to-market derivatives.
other year ended december 31, 2014 compared to year ended december 31, 2013. the $265 million increase in other revenue net of purchased power and fuel was primarily due to a reduction in amortization of in-the-money energy contracts recorded at fair value at the constellation merger date and an increase related to the amortization of out-of-the money energy contracts recorded at fair value
upon the consolidation of ceng partially offset by a loss on gas inventory from lower of cost or market adjustments in 2014. see note 10—intangible assets of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding contract intangibles.
year ended december 31, 2013 compared to year ended december 31, 2012. the $627 million increase in other revenue net of purchased power and fuel was primarily due to reduced amortization expense of the acquired energy contracts recorded at fair value at the merger date. in addition, the increase is also attributable to results from activities acquired as part of the 2012 merger with constellation including retail gas, energy efficiency, energy management and demand response, upstream natural gas, and the design and construction of renewable energy facilities. these increases were partially offset by the reduction in revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense from the sale of brandon shores, h.a. wagner and c.p. crane, the generating facilities divested in the fourth quarter of 2012 as a result of the exelon and constellation merger. see note 10—intangible assets of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding contract intangibles and assets planned for divestiture as a result of the constellation merger.
nuclear fleet capacity factor and production costs the following table presents nuclear fleet operating data for 2014, as compared to 2013 and 2012, for the generation-operated plants. the nuclear fleet capacity factor presented in the table is defined as the ratio of the actual output of a plant over a period of time to its output if the plant had operated at full average annual mean capacity for that time period. nuclear fleet production cost is defined as the costs to produce one mwh of energy, including fuel, materials, labor, contracting and other miscellaneous costs, but excludes depreciation, required capital investment, benefits costs associated with labor, insurance, property taxes, unit contingent costs, suspended doe nuclear waste storage fee (as discussed further in note 22—commitments and contingencies), and certain other non-production related overhead costs. generation considers capacity factor and production costs useful measures to analyze the nuclear fleet performance between periods. generation has included the analysis below as a complement to the financial information provided in accordance with gaap. however, these measures are not a presentation defined under gaap and may not be comparable to other companies’ presentations or be more useful than the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report.
nuclear fleet capacity factor (a)                    94.3   %            94.1   %            92.7   %
(a)   excludes salem, which is operated by pseg nuclear, llc. reflects ownership percentage of stations operated by exelon. as of april 1, 2014, ceng is included at ownership.
year ended december 31, 2014 compared to year ended december 31, 2013. the nuclear fleet capacity factor, which excludes salem, increased in 2014 compared to 2013. while total days offline are greater in 2014 as compared to 2013, the larger capacity units were online for more days in 2014. additionally, with the addition of the ceng nuclear facilities there were more days offline in 2014 associated with units where exelon’s ownership percentage diminishes the impact on capacity factor. for 2014 and 2013, planned refueling outage days totaled 275 and 233, respectively, and non-refueling outage days totaled 92 and 75, respectively. production cost per mwh was lower in 2014 compared to 2013 due to elimination of the snf disposal fee in 2014, partially offset by inclusion of the ownership share of ceng.
year ended december 31, 2013 compared to year ended december 31, 2012. the nuclear fleet capacity factor, which excludes salem, increased primarily due to a lower number of planned refueling outage days in 2013, partially offset by a higher number of non-refueling outage days. for 2013 and
2012, planned refueling outage days totaled 233 and 274, respectively, and non-refueling outage days totaled 75 and 73, respectively. higher nuclear fuel costs and higher plant operating and maintenance costs, partially offset by higher number of net mwhs generated resulted in a higher production cost per mwh during 2013 as compared to 2012.
operating and maintenance expense the changes in operating and maintenance expense for 2014 compared to 2013, consisted of the following:
impairment and related charges of certain generating assets (b)                       $506
labor, other benefits, contracting and materials (c)                                   361
corporate allocations                                                                   69
regulatory fees and assessments                                                         51
midwest generation bankruptcy charges                                                  (26   )
pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense                                (81   )
increase in operating and maintenance expense                                       $1,032
(a)   on april 1, 2014, generation assumed operational control of ceng’s nuclear fleet. as a result, the 2014 operating results include ceng’s results of operations on a fully consolidated basis from april 1, 2014 through december 31, 2014.
(b)   reflects the operating and maintenance expense associated with the impairment of certain generating assets held-for-sale, upstream assets, and wind generating assets during 2014.
(c)   reflects an increase of labor, other benefits, contracting and materials costs primarily due to the inclusion of ceng beginning april 1, 2014. also includes cost of sales of our other business activities that are not allocated to a region.
(d)   reflects an increased share of corporate allocated costs primarily due to the 2014 ceng integration.
(e)   reflects the impact of increased nuclear outage days primarily due to the inclusion of ceng beginning april 1, 2014.
the changes in operating and maintenance expense for 2013 compared to 2012, consisted of the following:
corporate allocations                                                               (5   )
labor, other benefits, contracting and materials (f)                               160
impairment and related charges of certain generating assets                        160
midwest generation bankruptcy charges                                               11
pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense                              5
decrease in operating and maintenance expense                                    $(494   )
(a)   reflects the operating and maintenance expense associated with the generating assets retired or divested during 2012.
(b)   reflects costs incurred as part of a march 2012 settlement with the ferc to resolve a dispute related to constellation’s prior period hedging and risk management transactions.
(d)   reflects the impact of decreased planned refueling outages during 2013.
(e)   the decrease in cost allocations during 2013 primarily reflects merger and energy savings for exelon’s corporate operations and shared service entities, partially offset by the impact of an increased share of corporate allocated costs due to the merger.
(f)   includes cost of sales of our other business activities that are not allocated to a region.
depreciation and amortization year ended december 31, 2014 compared to year ended december 31, 2013. the increase in depreciation and amortization expense was primarily due to the inclusion of ceng’s results on a fully consolidated basis beginning april 1, 2014 and an increase in ongoing capital expenditures.
year ended december 31, 2013 compared to year ended december 31, 2012. the increase in depreciation and amortization expense was primarily a result of higher plant balances due to the addition of constellation facilities and ongoing capital additions.
taxes other than income year ended december 31, 2014 compared to year ended december 31, 2013. the increase was primarily due to the inclusion of ceng’s results on a fully consolidated basis beginning april 1, 2014.
year ended december 31, 2013 compared to year ended december 31, 2012. the increase was primarily due to the addition of constellation’s financial results in 2012.
equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated affiliates year ended december 31, 2014 compared to year ended december 31, 2013. the year-over-year change in equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated affiliates is primarily the result of the consolidation of ceng’s results of operations beginning april 1, 2014, which were previously accounted for under the equity method of accounting.
gain (loss) on sales of assets year ended december 31, 2014 compared to year ended december 31, 2013. the year-over-year change in gain (loss) on sales of assets reflects $411 million of gains recorded on the sale of generation’s ownership interests in safe harbor water power corporation, fore river and west valley generating stations in 2014. refer to note 4—mergers, acquisitions and dispositions in the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
year ended december 31, 2013 compared to year ended december 31, 2012. the year-over-year change in gain (loss) on sales of assets primarily reflects an $8 million gain recorded on the sale of maryland clean coal in 2013.
gain on consolidation and acquisition of businesses year ended december 31, 2014 compared to year ended december 31, 2013. the increase in gain on consolidation and acquisition of businesses is primarily related to a $261 million gain upon consolidation of ceng resulting from the difference in fair value of ceng’s net assets as of april 1, 2014 and the equity method investment previously recorded on generation’s and exelon’s books and the settlement of pre-existing transactions between generation and ceng, and a $28 million bargain-purchase gain related to the lntegrys acquisition.
year ended december 31, 2013 compared to year ended december 31, 2012. the increase in interest expense is primarily due to the increase in long-term debt as a result of the merger and increased project financing.
other, net year ended december 31, 2014 compared to year ended december 31, 2013. the increase in other, net primarily reflects $31 million of favorable tax settlements related to constellation’s pre-acquisition 2009-2012 tax returns and the net increase in realized and unrealized gains related to the ndt funds of generation’s non-regulatory agreement units as described in the table below. other, net also reflects $67 million and $122 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, related to the contractual elimination of income tax expense associated with the ndt funds of the regulatory agreement units. refer to note 15—asset retirement obligations of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding ndt funds.
year ended december 31, 2013 compared to year ended december 31, 2012. the increase in other, net primarily reflects $85 million of credit facility termination fees recorded in 2012 and increased net realized and unrealized gains related to the ndt funds of generation’s non-regulatory agreement units compared to net realized and unrealized gains in 2012, as described in the table below. other, net also reflects $122 million and $117 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, related to the contractual elimination of income tax expense (benefit) associated with the ndt funds of the regulatory agreement units. refer to note 15—asset retirement obligations of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding ndt funds.
the following table provides unrealized and realized gains (losses) on the ndt funds of the non-regulatory agreement units recognized in other, net for 2014, 2013 and 2012:
net unrealized gains on decommissioning trust funds                $134          $146          $105
net realized gains on sale of decommissioning trust funds           $77           $24           $51
generation’s effective income tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 were 16.9%, 36.7% and 47.3%, respectively. see note 14—income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the components of the effective income tax rates.
results of operations—comed
variance                             variance operating revenue                                     $4,564                $4,464                  $100                $5,443       $(979             )
revenue net of purchased power expense (a)             3,387                 3,290                    97                 3,136       154
other operating expenses operating and maintenance                              1,429                 1,368                   (61   )             1,345                   (23   )
total other operating expenses                         2,409                 2,336                   (73   )             2,250                   (86   )
gain on sales of assets                                    2                     —                     2                     —                     —
operating income                                         980                   954                    26                   886       68
(a)                                      comed evaluates its operating performance using the measure of revenue net of purchased power expense. comed believes that revenue net of purchased power expense is a useful measurement because it provides information that can be used to evaluate its operational performance. in general, comed only earns margin based on the delivery and transmission of electricity. comed has included its discussion of revenue net of purchased power expense below as a complement to the financial information provided in accordance with gaap. however, revenue net of purchased power expense is not a presentation defined under gaap and may not be comparable to other companies’
presentations or deemed more useful than the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report.
to the 2013 remeasurement of exelon’s like-kind exchange tax position, and increased electric distribution and transmission earnings resulting from increased capital investment, partially offset by unfavorable weather.
year ended december 31, 2013, compared to year ended december 31, 2012. comed’s net income for the year ended december 31, 2013, was lower than the same period in 2012, primarily due to the remeasurement of exelon’s like-kind exchange tax position and unfavorable weather, partially offset by increased electric distribution and transmission earnings resulting from increased costs and capital investments and higher allowed roe. see note 3—regulatory matters and note 14—income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements in the 2013 10-k for additional information.
operating revenue net of purchased power expense there are certain drivers of operating revenue that are fully offset by their impact on purchased power expense, such as commodity procurement costs and participation in customer choice programs. comed is permitted to recover electricity procurement costs from retail customers without mark-up. therefore, fluctuations in electricity procurement costs have no impact on revenue net of purchased power expense. see note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on comed’s electricity procurement process.
all comed customers have the choice to purchase electricity from a competitive electric generation supplier. customer choice programs do not impact comed’s volume of deliveries, but do affect comed’s operating revenue related to supplied energy, which is fully offset in purchased power expense. therefore, customer choice programs have no impact on revenue net of purchased power expense.
the number of retail customers participating in customer choice programs was 2,426,921, 2,630,185 and 1,627,150 at december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, representing 63%, 68% and 43% of total retail customers, respectively. retail energy purchased from competitive electric generation suppliers represented 80%, 81% and 65% of comed’s retail kwh sales for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
the changes in comed’s revenue net of purchased power expense for the year ended 2014 compared to the same period in 2013 consisted of the following:
pricing and customer mix                               5
uncollectible accounts recovery, net                  41
increase in revenue net of purchased power           $97
weather the demand for electricity is affected by weather conditions. very warm weather in summer months and very cold weather in other months are referred to as “favorable weather conditions”
because these weather conditions result in increased customer usage. conversely, mild weather reduces demand. for the year ended december 31, 2014, unfavorable weather conditions, primarily during the summer months, reduced operating revenue net of purchased power expense when compared to prior year.
heating and cooling degree days are quantitative indices that reflect the demand for energy needed to heat or cool a home or business. normal weather is determined based on historical average heating and cooling degree days for a 30-year period in comed’s service territory with cooling degree days generally having a more significant impact to comed, particularly during the summer months. the changes in heating and cooling degree days in comed’s service territory for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 consisted of the following:
twelve months ended december 31,                 % change heating and cooling degree-days   2014                        2013                    normal        from 2013                from normal heating degree-days                           7,027                           6,603         6,341          6.4%                      10.8%
volume for the year ended december 31, 2014 revenue net of purchased power expense remained relatively consistent, as compared to the same period in 2013.
electric distribution revenue eima provides for a performance-based formula rate tariff, which requires an annual reconciliation of the revenue requirement in effect to the actual costs that the icc determines are prudently and reasonably incurred in a given year. under eima, distribution revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs, investments being recovered, allowed roe, and other billing determinants. in addition, comed’s allowed rate of return on common equity is the annual average rate on 30-year treasury notes plus 580 basis points, subject to a collar of plus or minus 50 basis points. therefore, the collar limits favorable and unfavorable impacts of weather and load on revenue. during the year ended december 31, 2014, distribution revenue decreased $2 million at comed, primarily due to lower operating and maintenance expenses primarily driven by the impacts of certain opeb plan design changes, partially offset by increased capital investment. see operating and maintenance expense below, item 1. business—commonwealth edison company, note 3—regulatory matters and note 16—retirement benefits of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
transmission revenue under a ferc approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs, investments being recovered and other billing determinants, such as the highest daily peak load from the previous calendar year. during the year ended december 31, 2014, comed recorded increased revenue of $30 million due to increased capital investments. see note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
regulatory required programs this represents the change in operating revenue collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory programs such as comed’s energy efficiency and demand response and purchase power administrative costs. the riders are designed to provide full and current cost recovery.
the costs of these programs are included in operating and maintenance expense. refer to the operating and maintenance expense discussion below for additional information on included programs.
uncollectible accounts recovery, net uncollectible accounts recovery, net represents recoveries under comed’s uncollectible accounts tariff. see the operating and maintenance expense discussion below for additional information on this tariff.
pricing and customer mix the increase in revenue net of purchased power as a result of pricing and customer mix is primarily attributable to higher overall effective rates due to decreased usage across all major customer classes and change in customer mix for the years ended december 31, 2014, and 2013, respectively.
revenue subject to refund comed records revenue subject to refund based upon its best estimate of customer collections that may be required to be refunded. for the year ended december 31, 2014, comed recorded $9 million of revenue subject to refund associated with rider amp. see note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
other other revenue, which can vary period to period, includes rental revenue, revenue related to late payment charges, assistance provided to other utilities through mutual assistance programs and recoveries of environmental costs associated with mgp sites, recovery of energy procurement costs, for which an equal and offsetting amount is reflected in depreciation and amortization expense during the periods presented.
the changes in comed’s revenue net of purchased power expense for 2013 compared to 2012 consisted of the following:
discrete impacts of the 2012 distribution rate case order            13
uncollectible accounts recovery, net                                (58   )
increase in revenue net of purchased power                         $154
weather for the year ended december 31, 2013, the increase in revenue net of purchased power expense was offset by unfavorable weather conditions as a result of the mild weather in 2013 compared to the same period in 2012.
the changes in heating and cooling degree days in comed’s service territory for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012 consisted of the following:
twelve months ended december 31,                 % change heating and cooling degree-days   2013                        2012                    normal        from 2012                from normal heating degree-days                           6,603                           5,065         6,341          30.4%                     4.1%
volume revenue net of purchased power expense decreased as a result of lower delivery volume, exclusive of the effects of weather, for the year ended december 31, 2013, reflecting decreased average usage per residential customer as compared to the same period in 2012.
electric distribution revenue during the year ended december 31, 2013, comed recorded increased revenue of $168 million under eima, primarily due to increased capital investments, increased operating expenses, and higher allowed roe. these amounts exclude the discrete impacts of the 2012 distribution rate case orders discussed separately below. see note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
discrete impacts of the 2012 distribution rate case orders on october 3, 2012, the icc issued its final order related to comed’s 2011 formula rate proceeding under eima, which reestablished comed’s position on the return on its pension asset, resulting in an increase to revenue in 2013. see note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
transmission revenue during the year ended december 31, 2013, comed recorded increased revenue during the year ended december 31, 2013 of $14 million, primarily due to increased capital investments and higher operating expenses. see note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
operating and maintenance expense year ended      increase                            year ended      increase december 31,                                        december 31,
operating and maintenance expense—baseline                                  $1,211                $1,202            $9          $1,202                $1,199            $3
operating and maintenance expense—regulatory required programs (a)             218                   166            52             166                   146            20
total operating and maintenance expense                                     $1,429                $1,368           $61          $1,368                $1,345           $23
(a)   operating and maintenance expense for regulatory required programs are recoveries from customers for costs of various legislative and regulatory programs on a full and current basis through approved regulated rates. an equal and offsetting amount has been reflected in operating revenue.
the changes in operating and maintenance expense for year ended december 31, 2014, compared to the same period in 2013 and changes for the year ended december 31, 2013, compared to the same period in 2012, consisted of the following:
baseline labor, other benefits, contracting and materials (a)                      $56                   $48
pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense (b)               (85   )                 3
uncollectible accounts expense—recovery, net (c)                           29                   (48   )
regulatory required programs energy efficiency and demand response programs                             52                    20
increase in operating and maintenance expense                             $61                   $23
(a)   reflects decreased contracting costs resulting from new projects associated with eima for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013. see note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding eima.
(b)   primarily reflects decreased non-pension costs associated with opeb plan design changes during 2014. see note 16—retirement benefits of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding plan changes.
(c)                                           comed is allowed to recover from or refund to customers the difference between the utility’s annual uncollectible accounts expense and the amounts collected in rates annually through a rider mechanism. in 2013, comed recorded a net reduction in operating and maintenance expense related to uncollectible accounts due to the timing of regulatory cost recovery and customers purchasing electricity from competitive electric generation suppliers as a result of municipal aggregation. an equal and offsetting reduction has been recognized in operating revenue for the periods presented.
depreciation and amortization expense the changes in depreciation and amortization expense for 2014 compared to 2013 and 2013 compared to 2012, consisted of the following:
amortization of storm-related regulatory assets (a)                 —                     4
amortization of mgp regulatory assets (b)                         (18   )                27
amortization of other regulatory assets                            (3   )                 6
(a)   under eima, comed is required to recover costs associated with significant storms over a five-year period through the amortization of a regulatory asset.
(b)   an equal and offsetting amount for the amortization expense related to mgp remediation expenditures is reflected in operating revenue during the periods presented.
interest expense, net the changes in interest expense, net for 2014 compared to 2013 and 2013 compared to 2012 consisted of the following:
interest expense on debt (including financing trusts) (b)   16                                  2
(a)   primarily reflects the remeasurement of exelon’s like-kind exchange tax position in the first quarter of 2013. see note 14—income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(b)   primarily reflects interest expense related to the first mortgage bonds. see note 13—debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on comed’s debt obligations.
other, net the changes in other, net for 2014 compared to 2013 and 2013 compared to 2012 consisted of the following:
(a)   primarily reflects a receivable recorded in the fourth quarter of 2012 related to the final 1999-2001 irs settlement.
effective income tax rate comed’s effective income tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, were 39.6%, 37.9% and 38.7%, respectively. see note 14—income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the components of the effective income tax rates.
comed electric operating statistics and revenue detail retail deliveries to customers (in gwhs)      2014             2013                      %           weather-        2012                      %           weather-
change             normal                             change             normal
2013             change                               2012             change retail deliveries
as of december 31, number of electric customers                  2014                    2013                    2012
change                                change
(a)   reflects delivery revenue and volume from customers purchasing electricity directly from comed and customers purchasing electricity from a competitive electric generation supplier, as all customers are assessed delivery charges. for customers purchasing electricity from comed, revenue also reflects the cost of energy and transmission.
(b)   other revenue primarily includes transmission revenue from pjm. other items include wholesale revenue, rental revenue, revenue related to late payment charges, assistance provided to other utilities through mutual assistance programs, recoveries of environmental remediation costs associated with mgp sites, and intercompany revenue.
results of operations—peco
variance                                    variance operating revenue                                              $3,094                $3,100                   $(6   )            $3,186                  $(86   )
revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense (a)             1,833                 1,800                    33                 1,811                   (11   )
other operating expenses operating and maintenance                                         866                   748                  (118   )               809                    61
total other operating expenses                                  1,261                 1,134                  (127   )             1,188                    54
operating income                                                  572                   666                   (94   )               623                    43
(a)                                          peco evaluates its operating performance using the measures of revenue net of purchased power expense for electric sales and revenue net of fuel expense for gas sales. peco believes revenue net of purchased power expense and revenue net of fuel expense are useful measurements of its performance because they provide information that can be used to evaluate its net revenue from operations. peco has included the analysis below as a complement to the financial information provided in accordance with gaap. however, revenue net of purchased power expense and revenue net of fuel expense figures are not a presentation defined under gaap and may not be comparable to other companies’ presentations or more useful than the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report.
net income attributable to common shareholder year ended december 31, 2014 compared to year ended december 31, 2013. the decrease in net income attributable to common shareholder was driven primarily by an increase in operating and maintenance expense partially offset by an increase in operating revenue net of purchase power and fuel expense and a decrease in income tax expense.
year ended december 31, 2013 compared to year ended december 31, 2012. the increase in net income was driven primarily by lower operating and maintenance expense partially offset by an increase in income taxes.
operating revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense electric and gas revenue and purchased power and fuel expense are affected by fluctuations in commodity procurement costs. peco’s electric supply and natural gas cost rates charged to customers are subject to adjustments at least quarterly that are designed to recover or refund the difference between the actual cost of electric supply and natural gas and the amount included in rates in accordance with the papuc’s gsa and pgc, respectively. therefore, fluctuations in electric supply and natural gas procurement costs have no impact on electric and gas revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense.
electric and gas revenue and purchased power and fuel expense are also affected by fluctuations in participation in the customer choice program. all peco customers have the choice to purchase electricity and gas from competitive electric generation and natural gas suppliers, respectively. the customer’s choice of suppliers does not impact the volume of deliveries, but affects revenue collected from customers related to supplied energy and natural gas service. customer choice program activity has no impact on electric and gas revenue net of purchase power and fuel expense. the number of retail customers purchasing energy from a competitive electric generation supplier was 546,900, 531,500, and 496,500 at december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. retail deliveries purchased from competitive electric generation suppliers represented 70%, 68%, and 66% of peco’s retail kwh sales for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. the number of retail customers purchasing natural gas from a competitive natural gas supplier was 78,400, 66,400, and 52,700 at december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. retail deliveries purchased from competitive natural gas suppliers represented 22%, 19%, and 16% of peco’s mmcf sales for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
the changes in peco’s operating revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the same period in 2013 consisted of the following:
weather the demand for electricity and gas is affected by weather conditions. with respect to the electric business, very warm weather in summer months and, with respect to the electric and gas businesses, very cold weather in winter months are referred to as “favorable weather conditions” because these weather conditions result in increased deliveries of electricity and gas. conversely, mild weather reduces demand. operating revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense was lower due to the impact of unfavorable 2014 summer and fourth quarter weather conditions, partially offset by the impact of favorable first quarter 2014 winter weather conditions in peco’s service territory.
heating and cooling degree days are quantitative indices that reflect the demand for energy needed to heat or cool a home or business. normal weather is determined based on historical average heating and cooling degree days for a 30-year period in peco’s service territory. the changes in heating and cooling degree days in peco’s service territory for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the same period in 2013 and normal weather consisted of the following:
twelve months ended december 31,                              % change heating and cooling degree-days   2014                        2013                    normal        from 2013              from normal heating degree-days                           4,749                           4,474         4,603   6.1           %                3.2%
volume the increase in operating revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense related to delivery volume, exclusive of the effects of weather, primarily reflects the impact of moderate economic and customer growth partially offset by energy efficiency initiatives on customer usages for gas and residential electric and a shift in the volume profile across classes from commercial and industrial classes to residential classes for electric.
pricing the decrease in gas operating revenue net of fuel expense as a result of pricing is primarily attributable to lower overall effective rates due to increased retail gas usage.
regulatory required programs this represents the change in operating revenue collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory programs such as smart meter, energy efficiency and the gsa. the riders are designed to provide full and current cost recovery as well as a return. the costs of these programs are included in operating and maintenance expense, depreciation and amortization expense and income taxes. refer to the operating and maintenance expense discussion below for additional information on included programs.
the changes in peco’s operating revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the same period in 2012 consisted of the following:
weather operating revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense were higher due to the impact of favorable 2013 winter weather conditions.
the changes in heating and cooling degree days in peco’s service territory for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the same period in 2012 and normal weather consisted of the following:
twelve months ended                                   % change december 31, heating and cooling degree-days   2013                    2012                normal        from 2012               from normal heating degree-days                         4,474                     3,747         4,603   19.4           %                (2.8    )%
volume the decrease in electric revenue net of purchased power expense related to delivery volume, exclusive of the effects of weather, reflected the impact of energy efficiency initiatives on customer usages as well as a shift in the volume profile across classes from residential classes to commercial and industrial classes, partially offset by the oil refineries returning to full production in 2013 as well as moderate economic growth. the decrease in gas revenue net of fuel expense related to delivery volume, exclusive of the effects of weather, primarily reflected a decline in residential use per customer.
pricing the decrease in electric operating revenue net of purchased power expense as a result of pricing is primarily attributable to lower overall effective rates due to increased usage across all major customer classes.
regulatory required programs this represents the change in operating revenue collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for the smart meter, energy efficiency and consumer education programs as well as the administrative costs for the gsa and aeps programs. the riders are designed to provide full and current cost recovery as well as a return. the offsetting costs of these programs are included in operating and maintenance expense, depreciation and amortization expense and income taxes. refer to the operating and maintenance expense discussion below for additional information on included programs.
gross receipts tax grt is an excise tax on total electric revenue. as a result of decreases in operating revenue compared to 2012, grt decreased. equal and offsetting decreases in grt have been reflected in taxes other than income.
gas distribution tax repair the decrease in gas distribution tax repair reflected the 2012 tax benefit received from prior period gas distribution repairs for the 2011 tax year. there is an equal and offsetting tax benefit in operating revenue, see note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further explanation.
other the decrease in other electric revenue net of purchased power expense compared to the year ended december 31, 2012 reflected a decrease in wholesale transmission revenue earned by peco due to higher peak loads in the previous years.
operating and maintenance expense twelve months          increase                     twelve months   (decrease)
operating and maintenance expense—baseline                                  $761                $668               $93          $668                $723   $(55              )
operating and maintenance expense—regulatory required programs (a)           105                  80               $25            80                  86   $(6               )
total operating and maintenance expense                                     $866                $748              $118          $748                $809   $(61              )
(a)   operating and maintenance expenses for regulatory required programs are costs for various legislative and/or regulatory programs that are recoverable from customers on a full and current basis through approved regulated rates. an equal and offsetting amount has been reflected in operating revenue.
the changes in operating and maintenance expense for 2014 compared to 2013 and 2013 compared to 2012 consisted of the following:
baseline labor, other benefits, contracting and materials                       $12                     $10
pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense                 (5   )                 (12   )
corporate allocation                                                     5                       —
increase (decrease) in operating and maintenance expense              $118                    $(61   )
(a)   total storm-related costs include approximately $85 million of incremental storm costs, including the february 5, 2014 ice storm and the significant july storms.
depreciation and amortization expense year ended december 31, 2014 compared to year ended december 31, 2013. the increase in depreciation and amortization expense, net for 2014, compared to 2013 was primarily due to ongoing capital expenditures and regulatory required programs.
year ended december 31, 2013 compared to year ended december 31, 2012. the increase in depreciation and amortization expense, net for 2013 compared to 2012 was primarily due to ongoing capital expenditures.
year ended december 31, 2013 compared to year ended december 31, 2012. the decrease in taxes other than income for 2013 compared to 2012 was primarily due to grt expense slightly offset by sales and use tax.
year ended december 31, 2013 compared to year ended december 31, 2012. the decrease in interest expense, net for 2013 compared to 2012 was primarily due to refinancing debt at lower interest rates during the second half of 2012.
effective income tax rate peco’s effective income tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 were 24.5%, 29.1% and 25.0%, respectively. see note 14—income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the change in effective income tax rates.
peco electric operating statistics and revenue detail retail deliveries to customers (in gwhs)      2014             2013             % change                  weather-        2012                    % change           weather-
change                                                     change retail deliveries
as of december 31, number of electric customers                  2014                    2013                    2012
electric revenue                              2014              2013              % change               2012              % change
(a)   reflects delivery volumes and revenue from customers purchasing electricity directly from peco and customers purchasing electricity from a competitive electric generation supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges. for customers purchasing electricity from peco, revenue also reflect the cost of energy and transmission.
peco gas operating statistics and revenue detail deliveries to customers (in mmcf)   2014             2013                    % change           weather-        2012                    % change          weather-
change                                                    change retail deliveries
as of december 31, number of gas customers       2014                  2013                  2012
gas revenue                2014          2013                 % change       2012                 % change
(a)   reflects delivery volumes and revenue from customers purchasing natural gas directly from peco and customers purchasing natural gas from a competitive natural gas supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges. for customers purchasing natural gas from peco, revenue also reflect the cost of natural gas.
results of operations—bge
variance                                    variance operating revenue                                               $3,165                $3,065                  $100                $2,735                  $330
revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense (a)              1,748                 1,644                   104                 1,366                   278
other operating expenses operating and maintenance                                          717                   634                   (83   )               728                    94
total other operating expenses                                   1,309                 1,195                  (114   )             1,234                    39
operating income                                                   439                   449                   (10   )               132                   317
(a)                                           bge evaluates its operating performance using the measures of revenue net of purchased power expense for electric sales and revenue net of fuel expense for gas sales. bge believes revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense are useful measurements of its performance because they provide information that can be used to evaluate its net revenue from operations. bge has included the analysis below as a complement to the financial information provided in accordance with gaap. however, revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense figures are not a presentation defined under gaap and may not be comparable to other companies’ presentations or more useful than the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report.
net income (loss) attributable to common shareholder year ended december 31, 2014 compared to year ended december 31, 2013. net income attributable to common shareholder remained relatively consistent primarily due to an increase in revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense as a result of the december 2013 and 2014 electric and gas distribution rate order issued by the mdpsc offset by increases in operating and maintenance expense and depreciation expense.
year ended december 31, 2013 compared to year ended december 31, 2012. the increase in net income was driven primarily by higher distribution rates as a result of the 2012 rate order issued by mdpsc and decreased revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense in 2012 related to the accrual of the residential customer rate credit provided as a condition of the mdpsc’s approval of exelon’s merger with constellation. additionally, the increase in net income was also driven by higher operating and maintenance expenses in 2012, primarily related to bge’s accrual of its portion of the charitable contributions to be provided as a condition of the mdpsc’s approval of the merger and lower storm restoration costs in 2013.
operating revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense there are certain drivers to operating revenue that are offset by their impact on purchased power expense and fuel expense, such as commodity procurement costs and programs allowing customers to select a competitive electric or natural gas supplier. electric and gas revenue and purchased power and fuel expense are affected by fluctuations in commodity procurement costs. bge’s electric and natural gas rates charged to customers are subject to periodic adjustments that are designed to recover or refund the difference between the actual cost of purchased electric power and purchased natural gas and the amount included in rates in accordance with the mdpsc’s market-based sos and gas commodity programs, respectively.
the number of customers electing to select a competitive electric generation supplier affects electric sos revenue and purchased power expense. the number of customers electing to select a competitive natural gas supplier affects gas cost adjustment revenue and purchased natural gas expense. all bge customers have the choice to purchase energy from a competitive electric generation supplier. this customer choice of electric generation suppliers does not impact the volume of deliveries, but affects revenue collected from customers related to sos. the number of retail customers purchasing electricity from a competitive electric generation supplier was 364,000, 399,000 and 362,000 at december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, representing 29%, 32% and 29% of total retail customers, respectively. retail deliveries purchased from competitive electric generation suppliers represented 60%, 61% and 60% of bge’s retail kwh sales for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. the number of retail customers purchasing natural gas from a competitive natural gas supplier was 161,000, 172,000 and 143,000 at december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, representing 25%, 26% and 22% of total retail customers, respectively. retail deliveries purchased from competitive natural gas suppliers represented 53%, 54% and 56% of bge’s retail mmcf sales for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
the changes in bge’s operating revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the same period in 2013 consisted of the following:
the demand for electricity and gas is affected by weather and usage conditions. the mdpsc has allowed bge to record a monthly adjustment to its electric and gas distribution revenue from all residential customers, commercial electric customers, the majority of large industrial electric customers, and all firm service gas customers to eliminate the effect of abnormal weather and usage patterns per customer on bge’s electric and gas distribution volumes, thereby recovering a specified dollar amount of distribution revenue per customer, by customer class, regardless of changes in consumption levels. this allows bge to recognize revenue at mdpsc-approved levels per customer, regardless of what bge’s actual distribution volumes were for a billing period. therefore, while this revenue is affected by customer growth, they will not be affected by actual weather or usage conditions. bge bills or credits impacted customers in subsequent months for the difference between approved revenue levels under revenue decoupling and actual customer billings.
heating and cooling degree days are quantitative indices that reflect the demand for energy needed to heat a home or business. normal weather is determined based on historical average heating and cooling degree days for a 30-year period in bge’s service territory. the changes in heating degree days in bge’s service territory for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the same period in 2013 and normal weather consisted of the following:
twelve months ended   normal               % change december 31, heating and cooling degree-days   2014                    2013                      from 2013          from normal heating degree-days                         5,091                     4,744         4,662          7.3         %           9.2         %
the increase in operating revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense was primarily due to mdpsc rate orders effective december 13, 2013 and december 15, 2014 approving increases to electric and natural gas distribution rates charged to customers. see note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
the increase in revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense as a result of commodity margin for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the same period in 2013 was primarily due the higher gas margins earned due to extreme cold weather during the first quarter of 2014 under bge’s market-based rate incentive mechanism. see note 12—derivative financial instruments of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
this represents the change in revenue collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for the energy efficiency and demand response programs as well as administrative and commercial and industrial customer bad debt costs for sos. the riders are designed to provide full recovery, as well as a return in certain instances. the costs of these programs are included in operating and maintenance expense, depreciation and amortization expense and taxes other than income taxes. the increase in electric revenue during the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the same period in 2013 was due to the recovery of higher energy efficiency program costs.
the increase in transmission revenue rates for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the same period in 2013 was primarily due to the impact of new transmission rates charged to customers that became effective in june 2014. see note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
other revenue decreased during the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the same period in 2013. other revenue, which can vary from period to period, includes miscellaneous revenue such as service application and late payment fees.
the changes in bge’s revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the same period in 2012 consisted of the following:
2012 residential customer rate credit           $82             $31              $113
the changes in heating and cooling degree days for the twelve months ended 2013 and 2012, consisted of the following:
twelve months ended   normal               % change december 31, heating and cooling degree-days   2013                    2012                      from 2012           from normal
2012 residential customer rate credit.
the increase in revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the same period in 2012 was due to the residential customer rate credit provided in 2012 as a result of the mdpsc’s order approving exelon’s merger with constellation.
the increase in revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense as a result of distribution rate increases for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the same period in 2012 was primarily due to mdpsc rate orders effective february 23, 2013 and december 13, 2013 approving increases to electric and natural gas distribution rates charged to customers. see note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
this represents the change in revenue collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for the energy efficiency and demand response programs as well as administrative and commercial and industrial customer bad debt costs for sos. the riders are designed to provide full recovery, as well as a return in certain instances. the costs of these programs are included in operating and maintenance expense, depreciation and amortization expense and taxes other than income taxes. the increase in revenue during the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the same period in 2012 was due to the recovery of higher energy efficiency programs costs.
other revenue increased during the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the same period in 2012. other revenue, which can vary from period to period, includes miscellaneous revenue such as service application and late payment fees.
operating and maintenance expense the changes in operating and maintenance expense for 2014 compared to 2013 and 2013 compared to 2012 consisted of the following:
baseline labor, other benefits, contracting and materials                       $22   $20
pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense                  8                 —
increase (decrease) in operating and maintenance expense               $83   $(94              )
(a)                                               on june 29, 2012, a “derecho” storm caused extensive damage to bge’s electric distribution system and created power outages that lasted multiple days. as a result, bge incurred $62 million of incremental costs during the year ended december 31, 2012, of which $20 million were capital costs. in the fourth quarter of 2012, bge incurred $38 million of incremental costs as a result of hurricane sandy, of which $14 million were capital costs.
(b)   during the first quarter of 2012, bge accrued $28 million in charitable contributions as a result of bge’s merger-related commitments. the charitable contribution accrual and merger costs are not recoverable from bge’s customers.
depreciation and amortization expense the changes in depreciation and amortization expense for 2014 compared to 2013 and 2013 compared to 2012 consisted of the following:
(b)   regulatory asset amortization for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the same period in 2012 increased due to higher energy efficiency and demand response programs expenditures year over year.
taxes other than income the change in taxes other than income for 2014 compared to 2013 and 2013 compared to 2012 consisted of the following:
year ended december 31, 2013 compared to year ended december 31, 2012. the decrease in interest expense, net in 2013 compared to 2012 was primarily due to interest recorded in 2012 on prior year tax liabilities and lower effective interest rates as a result of the refinancing of debt at a lower interest rate in 2013.
effective income tax rate bge’s effective income tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 were 39.9%, 39.0% and 63.6%, respectively. see note 14—income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the components of the effective income tax rates.
bge electric operating statistics and revenue detail retail deliveries to customers (in gwhs)      2014             2013             % change               weather-      2012                    % change        weather-
change                                                change retail deliveries
as of december 31, number of electric customers                  2014                    2013                    2012
electric revenue                              2014              2013                     % change        2012                     % change
(a)   reflects delivery revenue and volumes from customers purchasing electricity directly from bge and customers purchasing electricity from a competitive electric generation supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges. for customers purchasing electricity from bge, revenue also reflects the cost of energy and transmission.
bge gas operating statistics and revenue detail deliveries to customers (in mmcf)   2014              2013                     % change        weather-      2012                     % change        weather-
change                                                 change retail deliveries (d)
as of december 31, number of gas customers       2014                  2013                  2012
gas revenue          2014          2013                 % change       2012                 % change
(d)   reflects delivery revenue and volumes from customers purchasing natural gas directly from bge and customers purchasing natural gas from a competitive natural gas supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges. the cost of natural gas is charged to customers purchasing natural gas from bge.
(e)   transportation and other gas revenue includes off-system revenue of 9,242 mmcfs ($72 million), 12,210 mmcfs ($55 million), and 15,751 mmcfs ($51 million) for the years ended
liquidity and capital resources exelon’s and generation’s current year activity presented below includes the activity of ceng, from the integration date effective april 1, 2014 through december 31, 2014. all results included throughout the liquidity and capital resources section are presented on a gaap basis.
the registrants’ operating and capital expenditures requirements are provided by internally generated cash flows from operations as well as funds from external sources in the capital markets and through bank borrowings. the registrants’ businesses are capital intensive and require considerable capital resources. each registrant’s access to external financing on reasonable terms depends on its credit ratings and current overall capital market business conditions, including that of the utility industry in general. if these conditions deteriorate to the extent that the registrants no longer have access to the capital markets at reasonable terms, exelon, generation, comed, peco and bge have access to unsecured revolving credit facilities with aggregate bank commitments of $0.5 billion, $5.3 billion, $1 billion, $0.6 billion and $0.6 billion, respectively. the registrants’ revolving credit facilities are in place until 2019. in addition, generation has $0.5 billion in bilateral facilities with banks which have various expirations between october 2015 and january 2017. the registrants utilize their credit facilities to support their commercial paper programs, provide for other short-term borrowings and to issue letters of credit. see the “credit matters” section below for further discussion. the registrants expect cash flows to be sufficient to meet operating expenses, financing costs and capital expenditure requirements.
the registrants primarily use their capital resources, including cash, to fund capital requirements, including construction expenditures, retire debt, pay dividends, fund pension and other postretirement benefit obligations and invest in new and existing ventures. the registrants spend a significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment. additionally, comed, peco and bge operate in rate-regulated environments in which the amount of new investment recovery may be delayed or limited and where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time.
see note 13—debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the registrants’ debt and credit agreements.
cash flows from operating activities general generation’s cash flows from operating activities primarily result from the sale of electric energy and energy-related products and services to customers. generation’s future cash flows from operating activities may be affected by future demand for and market prices of energy and its ability to continue to produce and supply power at competitive costs as well as to obtain collections from customers.
comed’s, peco’s and bge’s cash flows from operating activities primarily result from the transmission and distribution of electricity and, in the case of peco and bge, gas distribution services. comed’s, peco’s and bge’s distribution services are provided to an established and diverse base of retail customers. comed’s, peco’s and bge’s future cash flows may be affected by the economy, weather conditions, future legislative initiatives, future regulatory proceedings with respect to their rates or operations, competitive suppliers, and their ability to achieve operating cost reductions.
see notes 3—regulatory matters and 22—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further discussion of regulatory and legal proceedings and proposed legislation.
pension and other postretirement benefits management considers various factors when making pension funding decisions, including actuarially determined minimum contribution requirements under erisa, contributions required to avoid benefit restrictions and at-risk status as defined by the pension protection act of 2006, management of the pension obligation and regulatory implications. on july 6, 2012, president obama signed into law the moving ahead for progress in the twenty-first century act, which contains a pension funding provision that results in lower pension contributions in the near term while increasing the premiums pension plans pay to the pension benefit guaranty corporation. certain provisions of the law were applied in 2012 while others took effect in 2013. on august 8, 2014, this funding relief was extended for five years. the estimated impacts of the law are reflected in the projected pension contributions below.
exelon expects to make qualified pension plan contributions of $447 million to its qualified pension plans in 2015, of which generation, comed, peco and bge expect to contribute $230 million, $138 million, $40 million and $1 million, respectively. exelon’s and generation’s expected qualified pension plan contributions above include $36 million related to legacy ceng plans that will be funded by ceng as provided in an employee matters agreement (ema) between exelon and ceng. unlike the qualified pension plans, exelon’s non-qualified pension plans are not funded. exelon expects to make non-qualified pension plan benefit payments of $15 million in 2015, of which generation, comed, peco and bge will make payments of $6 million, $1 million, $1 million, and $1 million respectively. see note 16—retirement benefits of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for the registrants’ 2014 and 2013 pension contributions.
to the extent interest rates decline significantly or the pension plans do not earn the expected asset return rates, annual pension contribution requirements in future years could increase, especially in years 2017 and beyond. additionally, the contributions above could change if exelon changes its pension funding strategy.
unlike qualified pension plans, other postretirement benefit plans are not subject to statutory minimum contribution requirements and certain plans are not funded. exelon’s management has historically considered several factors in determining the level of contributions to its funded other postretirement benefit plans, including levels of benefit claims paid and regulatory implications (amounts deemed prudent to meet regulator expectations and best assure continued recovery). exelon expects to make other postretirement benefit plan contributions, including benefit payments related to unfunded plans, of approximately $37 million in 2015, of which generation, comed, peco, and bge expect to contribute $17 million, $2 million, $0 million, and $17 million, respectively. see note 16—retirement benefits of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for the registrants’ 2014 and 2013 other postretirement benefit contributions.
see the “contractual obligations” section for management’s estimated future pension and other postretirement benefits contributions.
tax matters the registrants’ future cash flows from operating activities may be affected by the following tax matters:
•                                         in the event of a fully successful irs challenge to exelon’s like-kind exchange position, the potential tax and after-tax interest, exclusive of penalties, that could become currently payable as of december 31, 2014 may be as much as $810 million, of which approximately $310 million would be attributable to comed after consideration of exelon’s agreement to hold comed harmless, and the balance at exelon. litigation could take several years such that the estimated cash and interest impacts will increase by a material amount.
•   exelon, generation, and comed expect to receive tax refunds of approximately $430 million, $190 million, and $260 million, respectively, in 2015. peco expects to make tax payments of approximately $6 million related to irs positions settling in 2015.
•   given the current economic environment, state and local governments are facing increasing financial challenges, which may increase the risk of additional income tax levies, property taxes and other taxes.
•               on december 19th, 2014, president obama signed h.r. 5771, the tax increase prevention act. the act included an extension of 50% bonus depreciation for 2014. as a result of the 50% bonus depreciation extension, exelon, exgen, comed, peco, and bge are estimated to generate incremental cash of approximately $600 million, $272 million, $217 million, $53 million, and $46 million, respectively. the resulting cash benefits are expected primarily in 2015. the cash generated is an acceleration of tax benefits that registrants would have received over the normal depreciable life of the property. furthermore, the extension of 50% bonus depreciation will result in a decrease to generation’s domestic production activities deduction, reducing cash tax benefits and increasing income tax expense by approximately $30 million for 2014. comed’s 2014 revenue requirement is expected to decrease by approximately $12 million (after-tax) due to the extension of 50% bonus depreciation.
the following table provides a summary of the major items affecting exelon’s cash flows from operations for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012:
non-cash operating activities (a)                                                    5,884                 4,159                 1,725              5,588                (1,429   )
pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions                          (617   )              (422   )              (195   )           (462   )                40
changes in working capital and other noncurrent assets and liabilities (b)          (1,047   )              (185   )              (862   )           (731   )               546
counterparty collateral received (paid), net                                        (1,478   )               215                (1,693   )            135                    80
(a)                                      represents depreciation, amortization, depletion and accretion, net fair value changes related to derivatives, deferred income taxes, provision for uncollectible accounts, pension and non-pension postretirement benefit expense, equity in earnings and losses of unconsolidated affiliates and investments, decommissioning-related items, stock compensation expense, impairment of long-lived assets, and other non-cash charges. see note 23 —supplemental financial information for further detail on non-cash operating activity.
(b)   changes in working capital and other noncurrent assets and liabilities exclude the changes in commercial paper, income taxes and the current portion of long-term debt.
(c)   exelon’s 2012 activity includes the activity of constellation from the merger effective date of march 12, 2012 through december 31, 2012.
(d)   on april 1, 2014, generation assumed operational control of ceng’s nuclear fleet. as a result, the 2014 activity includes ceng on a fully consolidated basis beginning april 1, 2014.
generation             1,826             3,887             3,581
(a)   on april 1, 2014, generation assumed operational control of ceng’s nuclear fleet. as a result, the 2014 activity includes ceng on a fully consolidated basis beginning april 1, 2014.
(b)   exelon’s and generation’s 2012 activity includes the activity of constellation, and bge in the case of exelon, from the merger effective date of march 12, 2012
changes in exelon’s, generation’s, comed’s, peco’s and bge’s cash flows from operations were generally consistent with changes in each registrant’s respective results of operations, as adjusted by changes in working capital in the normal course of business, except as discussed below. in addition, significant operating cash flow impacts for the registrants for 2014, 2013 and 2012 were as follows:
generation
•                                                  depending upon whether generation is in a net mark-to-market liability or asset position, collateral may be required to be posted with or collected from its counterparties. in addition, the collateral posting and collection requirements differ depending on whether the transactions are on the exchange or in the otc markets. during 2014, 2013 and 2012, generation had net collections (payments) receipts of counterparty cash collateral of $(1,507) million, $162 million and $95 million, respectively. net collections (payments) each year were primarily due to market conditions that resulted in changes to generation’s net mark-to-market position. in addition, in 2014 the exchanges increased initial margin rates, which required generation to post higher amounts of initial margin.
•                  during 2014, 2013 and 2012, generation had net collections (payments) of approximately $38 million, $(36) million and $(114) million, respectively, related to purchases and sales of options. the level of option activity in a given year may vary due to several factors, including changes in market conditions as well as changes in hedging strategy.
•                                                 for the year ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, comed had a working capital deficit of $263 million and $508 million, respectively. the working capital deficit is primarily attributable to the increase in short-term borrowings in 2014 and an increase in short-term borrowings and short-term debt due within one year in 2013. cash flows from operating activities are sufficient to meet operating requirements; however, increased capital investment in infrastructure improvements and modernization pursuant to eima, transmission upgrades and expansion may require external debt financing or additional capital contributions from parent.
•                                               during 2014, 2013 and 2012, comed’s net payables to generation for energy purchases related to its supplier forward contract and icc-approved rfp contracts increased/(decreased) by $5 million, $(16) million and $(15) million, respectively. during 2014, 2013 and 2012 comed’s payables to other energy suppliers for energy purchases increased by $27 million, $35 million and $20 million, respectively.
•       during 2014, 2013 and 2012, peco’s payables to generation for energy purchases increased/(decreased) by $(9) million, $(17) million and $17 million, respectively, and payables to other energy suppliers for energy purchases increased/(decreased) by $10 million, $39 million and $(22) million, respectively.
•         during 2014, 2013 and 2012, bge’s payables to generation for energy purchases increased/(decreased) by $13 million, $(4) million and $23 million, respectively, and payables to other energy suppliers for energy purchases increased/(decreased) by $(7) million, $(12) million and $40 million, respectively.
generation             (1,767   )             (2,916   )             (2,629   )
(a)   on april 1, 2014, generation assumed operational control of ceng’s nuclear fleet. as a result, the 2014 activity includes ceng on a fully consolidated basis beginning april 1, 2014.
(b)   exelon’s and generation’s 2012 activity includes the activity of constellation, and bge in the case of exelon, from the merger effective date of march 12, 2012
generation as a result of consolidating ceng during the second quarter of 2014, generation recorded $129 million of cash from ceng, reflected in generation’s cash flows from investing activities above. see note 5—investment in constellation energy nuclear group, llc of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further information.
generation closed on the sale of its 67% equity interest in the 417 mw safe harbor water power corporation hydroelectric facility on the susquehanna river in pennsylvania for a purchase price of approximately $615 million during the third quarter of 2014. the proceeds from the sale are reflected in generation’s cash flows from investing activities above. see note 4—mergers, acquisitions, and dispositions of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further information.
during the third quarter of 2014, generation established $65 million in restricted cash as part of the egtp project financing which is reflected in generation’s cash flows from investing activities above. see note 13—debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for more information.
generation closed on the sale of its 41.98% and 31.28% ownership interests in the keystone and conemaugh coal-fired power plants and related equity interests in keystone fuels, llc and conemaugh fuels, llc, respectively, for a purchase price of approximately $473 million during the fourth quarter of 2014. the proceeds from the sale are reflected in generation’s cash flows from investing activities above. see note 4—mergers, acquisitions, and dispositions of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further information.
during the fourth quarter of 2014, generation closed on the sale of its fully-owned equity interest in fore river and west valley generating stations, for a combined purchase price of approximately $577 million. the proceeds from the sale are reflected in generation’s cash flows from investing activities above. see note 4—mergers, acquisitions, and dispositions of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further information.
during the fourth quarter of 2014, generation acquired the competitive retail electric and natural gas business activities of integrys energy group, inc. through the purchase of all of the stock of its wholly owned subsidiary, integrys energy services, inc. for a purchase price of $332 million, including net working capital. the acquisition costs from the sale are reflected in generation’s cash flows from investing activities above. see note 4—mergers, acquisitions, and dispositions of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further information.
generation has entered into several agreements to acquire equity interests in privately held and development stage entities which develop energy-related technology. the agreements include a series of scheduled investment commitments, including in-kind services contributions, totaling approximately $167 million through 2018 to fund anticipated planned capital and operating needs of the associated companies.
generation has executed, or expects to execute, construction and services contracts to build new gas turbine units in texas and maryland and a new biomass-fueled cogeneration facility in georgia. the total estimated expenditures for these projects are approximately $1.8 billion and achievement of commercial operations is expected between 2015 and 2017 for all these projects.
capital expenditures by registrant for the year ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 and projected amounts for 2015 are as follows:
generation          3,625             3,012             2,752             3,554
(a)   total projected capital expenditures do not include adjustments for non-cash activity.
(c)   the projected capital expenditures include $617 million of expected incremental spending pursuant to eima, comed has committed to invest approximately $2.6 billion over a ten year period to modernize and storm-harden its distribution system and to implement smart grid technology.
(d)   other primarily consists of corporate operations and bsc.
(e)   exelon’s and generation’s 2012 activity includes the activity of constellation, and bge in the case of exelon, from the merger effective date of march 12, 2012
(f)   on april 1, 2014, generation assumed operational control of ceng’s nuclear fleet. as a result, ceng is included on a fully consolidated basis beginning april 1, 2014.
projected capital expenditures and other investments are subject to periodic review and revision to reflect changes in economic conditions and other factors.
in 2014, exelon and its affiliates initiated a comprehensive project to ensure corporate-wide compliance with version 5 of the north american electric reliability corporation (nerc) critical infrastructure protection standards (cip v.5) which will become effective on april 1, 2016. generation, comed, peco and bge will be incurring incremental capital expenditures in 2014 through 2016 associated with the cip v.5 compliance implementation project, which are included in projected capital expenditures above.
generation approximately 33% and 7% of the projected 2015 capital expenditures at generation are for the acquisition of nuclear fuel and investments in renewable energy and natural gas generation, respectively, with the remaining amounts reflecting additions and upgrades to existing facilities (including material condition improvements during nuclear refueling outages). generation anticipates that they will fund capital expenditures with internally generated funds and borrowings.
comed, peco and bge approximately 85%, 95% and 96% of the projected 2014 capital expenditures at comed, peco and bge, respectively, are for continuing projects to maintain and improve operations, including enhancing reliability and adding capacity to the transmission and distribution systems such as comed’s reliability related investments required under eima, and comed’s, peco’s and bge’s construction commitments under pjm’s rtep. comed’s capital expenditures include smart grid/smart meter technology required under eima. peco’s and bge’s capital expenditures include investments related to their respective smart meter programs. the remaining amounts are for capital additions to support new business and customer growth. see notes 3 and 7 of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
in 2010, nerc provided guidance to transmission owners that recommends comed, peco, and bge, perform assessments of their transmission lines. in compliance with this guidance, comed, peco and bge submitted their final bi-annual reports to nerc in january 2014. comed, peco and bge will be incurring incremental capital expenditures associated with this guidance following the completion of the assessments. specific projects and expenditures are identified as the assessments are completed. comed’s, peco’s and bge’s forecasted 2015 capital expenditures above reflect capital spending for remediation to be completed in 2017.
comed, peco and bge anticipate that they will fund capital expenditures with internally generated funds and borrowings, including comed’s capital expenditures associated with eima as further discussed in note 3 of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
generation           (537   )           (384   )             (777   )
(a)   on april 1, 2014, generation assumed operational control of ceng’s nuclear fleet. as a result, the 2014 activity includes ceng on a fully consolidated basis beginning april 1, 2014.
(b)   exelon’s and generation’s 2012 activity includes the activity of constellation, and bge in the case of exelon, from the merger effective date of march 12, 2012
see note 13—debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further details of the registrants’ debt issuances and retirements. debt activity for 2014, 2013 and 2012 by registrant was as follows:
company      type                                      interest rate   maturity                amount   use of proceeds exelon       junior subordinated notes (a)                     2.50%   june 1, 2024            $1,150   used to finance a portion of the acquisition of phi and for general corporate purposes generation   nuclear fuel procurement contract                 3.35%   june 30, 2018               38   used for procurement of uranium generation   exgen renewables i nonrecourse debt (b)   libor + 4.25%   february 6, 2021           300   used for general corporate purposes generation   exgen texas power nonrecourse debt (b)    libor + 4.75%   september 18, 2021         675   used for general corporate purposes generation   energy efficiency project financing               4.12%   december 31, 2015           12   funding to install energy conservation measures in washington, dc generation   avsr doe nonrecourse debt (b)              2.78 - 3.14%   january 5, 2037            126   used for antelope valley solar development generation   nuclear fuel procurement contract                 3.25%   june 30, 2018               32   used for procurement of uranium comed        first mortgage bonds series 115                   2.15%   january 15, 2019           300   used to refinance maturing mortgage bonds and general corporate purposes comed        first mortgage bonds series 116                   4.70%   january 15, 2044           350   used to refinance maturing mortgage bonds and general corporate purposes comed        first mortgage bonds series 117                   3.10%   november 1, 2024           250   used to repay commercial paper and general corporate purposes peco         first and refunding mortgage bonds                4.15%   october 1, 2044            300   used to repay at maturity first and refunding mortgage bonds due october 1, 2014, and general corporate purposes
(a)   see note 13—debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for discussion of the junior subordinated notes and related forward equity purchase contract, which are expected to be remarketed in 2017.
(b)   see note 13—debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for discussion of nonrecourse debt.
on january 13, 2015, generation issued $750 million in aggregate principal amount of senior notes. the senior notes carry an annual interest rate of 2.950%, payable semi-annually, commencing july 15, 2015 and due january 15, 2020. the proceeds of the senior notes will be used to fund the optional redemption of exelon’s $550 million, 4.550% senior notes due june 15, 2015, expected to occur on february 17, 2015, and for general corporate purposes. in addition to the issuance, exelon terminated floating-to-fixed interest rate swaps that had been designated as cash flow hedges. as the original forecasted transactions were a series of future interest payments over a ten year period, a portion of the anticipated interest payments at this time are probable not to occur. as a result exelon will reclassify $26 million of deferred losses in aoci to other, net in the first quarter of 2015.
company      type                                                interest rate   maturity               amount   use of proceeds generation   ceu upstream nonrecourse debt                      2.210 - 2.440%   july 22, 2016              $5   used to fund upstream gas activities generation   avsr doe nonrecourse debt                          2.535 - 3.353%   january 5, 2037           227   used for antelope valley solar development generation   social security administration project financing            2.93%   february 18, 2015           1   used to install conservation measures for the social security administration headquarters facility in maryland generation   energy efficiency project financing                         4.40%   august 31, 2014             9   used for funding to install energy conservation measures in beckley, west virginia generation   continental wind nonrecourse debt                           6.00%   february 28, 2033         613   used for general corporate purposes comed        first mortgage bonds, series 114                            4.60%   august 15, 2043           350   used to repay outstanding commercial paper obligations and for general corporate purposes peco         first and refunding mortgage bonds due                      1.20%   october 15, 2016          300   used to pay at maturity first and refunding mortgage bonds due october 15, 2013 and other general corporate purposes peco         first and refunding mortgage bonds                          4.80%   october 15, 2043          250   used to pay at maturity first and refunding mortgage bonds due october 15, 2013 and other general corporate purposes bge          notes                                                       3.35%   july 1, 2023              300   used to partially refinance notes due july 1, 2013 and for general corporate purposes
company      type                                            interest rate   maturity                amount   use of proceeds generation   ceu upstream nonrecourse debt                   variable rate   july 16, 2016              $78   used to fund upstream gas activities generation   avsr doe nonrecourse debt                          fixed rate   january 5, 2037            220   used for antelope valley solar development generation   senior notes                                            4.25%   june 15, 2022              523   used for general corporate purposes and issued in connection with the exchange offer generation   senior notes                                            5.60%   june 15, 2042              788   used for general corporate purposes and issued in connection with the exchange offer generation   constellation solar horizons nonrecourse debt           2.50%   june 7, 2030                38   used for funding for maryland solar development comed        first mortgage bonds, series 113                        3.80%   october 1, 2042            350   used to repay outstanding commercial paper obligations and for general corporate purposes peco         first and refunding mortgage bonds                      2.38%   september 15, 2022         350   used to pay at maturity first mortgage bonds due october 1, 2012 and for general corporate purposes bge          notes                                                   2.80%   august 15, 2022            250   used to repay total outstanding commercial paper obligations and for general corporate purposes
company      type                                                interest rate   maturity                amount generation   2003 senior notes                                           5.35%   january 15, 2014          $500
generation   pollution control loan                                      4.10%   july 1, 2014                20
generation   continental wind nonrecourse debt (a)                       6.00%   february 28, 2033           20
generation   kennett square capital lease                                7.83%   september 20, 2020           3
generation   exgen renewables i nonrecourse debt (a)             libor + 4.25%   february 6, 2021            18
generation   exgen texas power nonrecourse debt (a)              libor + 4.75%   september 18, 2021           2
generation   avsr doe nonrecourse debt (a)                       2.33% - 3.55%   january 5, 2037             15
generation   constellation solar horizons nonrecourse debt (a)           2.56%   september 7, 2030            2
generation   sacramento pv energy nonrecourse debt (a)                   2.56%   december 31, 2030            2
generation   energy efficiency project financing                         4.12%   december 31, 2015           12
(a)   see note 13—debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for discussion of nonrecourse debt.
company          type                                            interest rate   maturity               amount generation       kennett square capital lease                            7.83%   september 1, 2020          $3
generation       solar revolver nonrecourse debt                 variable rate   july 7, 2014              113
generation       constellation solar horizons nonrecourse debt           2.56%   september 7, 2030           2
generation       sacramento energy nonrecourse debt                      2.68%   december 31, 2030           2
generation (a)   series a junior subordinated debentures                 8.63%   june 15, 2063             450
generation       energy efficiency project financing                     4.40%   august 31, 2014             9
(a)                                        represents debt obligations assumed by exelon as part of the merger on march 12, 2012 that became callable at face value on june 15, 2013. exelon and subsidiaries of generation (former constellation subsidiaries) assumed intercompany loan agreements that mirror the terms and amounts of the third-party debt obligations of exelon, resulting in intercompany notes payable as of december 31, 2012 included in long-term debt to affiliate on generation’s consolidated balance sheets and notes receivable from affiliates at exelon corporate, which are eliminated in consolidation on exelon’s consolidated balance sheets. the third-party debt obligations were reported in long-term debt on exelon’s consolidated balance sheets as of december 31, 2012. the debentures were redeemed and the intercompany loan agreements repaid on june 15, 2013.
generation   kennett square capital lease                                             7.83%   september 20, 2020           2
generation   3-year term rate armstrong co. 2009 a, pollution control notes           5.00%   december 1, 2042            46
generation   ceu upstream nonrecourse debt                                    variable rate   july 16, 2016               89
generation   solar revolver nonrecourse debt                                  variable rate   july 7, 2014                17
generation   medco tax-exempt bonds                                           variable rate   april 1, 2024               75
generation   sacramento pv energy nonrecourse debt                            variable rate   march 12, 2012               2
from time to time and as market conditions warrant, the registrants may engage in long-term debt retirements via tender offers, open market repurchases or other viable options to reduce debt on their respective balance sheets.
generation             1,066             625           1,626
(a)   on april 1, 2014, generation assumed operational control of ceng’s nuclear fleet. as a result, the 2014 activity includes ceng on a fully consolidated basis beginning april 1, 2014. as such, includes $421 million of distributions to edf in 2014.
first quarter 2014 dividend on january 28, 2014, the exelon board of directors declared a first quarter 2014 regular quarterly dividend of $0.31 per share on exelon’s common stock payable on march 10, 2014, to shareholders of record of exelon at the end of the day on february 14, 2014.
second quarter 2014 dividend on may 6, 2014, the exelon board of directors declared a second quarter 2014 regular quarterly dividend of $0.31 per share on exelon’s common stock payable on june 10, 2014, to shareholders of record of exelon at the end of the day on may 16, 2014.
third quarter 2014 dividend on july 29, 2014, the exelon board of directors declared a third quarter 2014 regular quarterly dividend of $0.31 per share on exelon’s common stock payable on september 10, 2014 to shareholders of record of exelon at the end of the day on august 15, 2014.
fourth quarter 2014 dividend on october 21, 2014, the exelon board of directors declared a fourth quarter 2014 regular quarterly dividend of $0.31 per share on exelon’s common stock payable on december 10, 2014 to shareholders of record of exelon at the end of the day on november 14, 2014.
first quarter 2015 dividend on january 27, 2015, the exelon board of directors declared a first quarter 2015 regular quarterly dividend of $0.31 per share on exelon’s common stock payable on march 10, 2015, to shareholders of record of exelon at the end of the day on february 13, 2015.
generation            $17               $13       $(52        )
(a)   on april 1, 2014, generation assumed operational control of ceng’s nuclear fleet. as a result, the 2014 activity includes ceng on a fully consolidated basis beginning april 1, 2014.
(b)   other primarily consists of corporate operations and bsc.
retirement of long-term debt to financing affiliates. there were no retirements of long-term debt to financing affiliates during 2014, 2013 and 2012 by the registrants.
generation         $53         $26         $48
(a)   in 2014 and 2013, represents indemnification from exelon in relation to the like-kind exchange transaction. for 2014 , also represents contributions from exelon to support expanded capital programs.
distributions to noncontrolling interests of consolidated vie. on april 1, 2014, generation loaned $400 million to ceng, the proceeds of which were used to make a distribution to edfi of $400 million. see note 5—investment in constellation energy nuclear group, llc of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the integration of ceng.
other. for the year ended december 31, 2014, other financing activities primarily consisted of financing costs associated with the acquisition of phi, other project financing and various debt issuance costs. see notes 4, 13, and 19 of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements’ for additional information.
credit matters market conditions the registrants fund liquidity needs for capital investment, working capital, energy hedging and other financial commitments through cash flows from continuing operations, public debt offerings, commercial paper markets and large, diversified credit facilities. the credit facilities include $8.5 billion in aggregate total commitments of which $7.3 billion was available as of december 31, 2014, and of which no financial institution has more than 8% of the aggregate commitments for exelon, generation, comed, peco and bge. the registrants had access to the commercial paper market during 2014 to fund their short-term liquidity needs, when necessary. the registrants routinely review the sufficiency of their liquidity position, including appropriate sizing of credit facility commitments, by performing various stress test scenarios, such as commodity price movements, increases in margin-related transactions, changes in hedging levels and the impacts of hypothetical credit downgrades. the registrants have continued to closely monitor events in the financial markets and the financial institutions associated with the credit facilities, including monitoring credit ratings and outlooks, credit default swap levels, capital raising and merger activity. see part i. item 1a. risk factors for further information regarding the effects of uncertainty in the capital and credit markets.
the registrants believe their cash flow from operating activities, access to credit markets and their credit facilities provide sufficient liquidity. if generation lost its investment grade credit rating as of december 31, 2014, it would have been required to provide incremental collateral of $2.4 billion of collateral obligations for derivatives, non-derivatives, normal purchase normal sales contracts and applicable payables and receivables, net of the contractual right of offset under master netting agreements, which is well within its current available credit facility capacities of $4.6 billion. if comed lost its investment grade credit ratings as of december 31, 2014, it would have been required to provide incremental collateral of $14 million, which is well within its current available credit facility capacity of $998 million. if peco lost its investment grade credit rating as of december 31, 2014 it would not be required to provide collateral pursuant to pjm’s credit policy and could have been required to provide collateral of $36 million related to its natural gas procurement contracts, which, in the aggregate, are well within peco’s current available credit facility capacity of $599 million. if bge lost its investment grade credit rating as of december 31, 2014 it would have been required to provide collateral of $2 million pursuant to pjm’s credit policy and could have been required to provide collateral of $79 million related to its natural gas procurement contracts, which, in the aggregate, are well within bge’s current available credit facility capacity of $600 million.
exelon credit facilities see note 13—debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for discussion of the registrants’ credit facilities and short term borrowing activity.
other credit matters capital structure. at december 31, 2014, the capital structures of the registrants consisted of the following:
exelon          generation         comed          peco         bge long-term debt                              46   %              30   %        42   %        41   %      36   %
(a)                                   includes approximately $648 million, $206 million, $184 million and $258 million owed to unconsolidated affiliates of exelon, comed, peco and bge respectively. these special purpose entities were created for the sole purposes of issuing mandatorily redeemable trust preferred securities of comed, peco and bge. see note 2—variable interest entities of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the authoritative guidance for vies.
intercompany money pool. to provide an additional short-term borrowing option that will generally be more favorable to the borrowing participants than the cost of external financing, exelon operates an intercompany money pool. maximum amounts contributed to and borrowed from the money pool by participants during the year ended december 31, 2014, in addition to the net contribution or borrowing as of december 31, 2014, are presented in the following table:
generation                   $84          $573   $—
investments in nuclear decommissioning trust funds. exelon, generation and ceng maintain trust funds, as required by the nrc, to fund certain costs of decommissioning nuclear plants. the mix of securities in the trust funds is designed to provide returns to be used to fund decommissioning and to offset inflationary increases in decommissioning costs. generation actively monitors the investment performance of the trust funds and periodically reviews asset allocations in accordance with generation’s ndt fund investment policy. generation’s and ceng’s investment policies establishes limits on the concentration of holdings in any one company and also in any one industry. see note 15—asset retirement obligations of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the trust funds, the nrc’s minimum funding requirements and related liquidity ramifications.
shelf registration statements. the registrants maintain a combined shelf registration statement unlimited in amount, with the sec. the ability of each registrant to sell securities off the shelf registration statement or to access the private placement markets will depend on a number of factors at the time of the proposed sale, including other required regulatory approvals, as applicable, the current financial condition of the registrant, its securities ratings and market conditions.
regulatory authorizations. the issuance by comed, peco and bge of long-term debt or equity securities requires the prior authorization of the icc, papuc and mdpsc, respectively. comed, peco and bge normally obtain the required approvals on a periodic basis to cover their anticipated financing needs for a period of time or in connection with a specific financing. as of december 31, 2014, comed had $702 million available in long-term debt refinancing authority and
$943 million available in new money long-term debt financing authority from the icc. during the fourth quarter of 2014, comed requested an extension of the expiration date of the refinancing authority from the icc. in january 2015, the icc approved the extension of the refinancing authority, which now expires on february 27, 2017. as of december 31, 2014, peco had $1.1 billion available in long-term debt financing authority from the papuc. as of december 31, 2014, bge had $1.4 billion available in long-term financing authority from mdpsc.
ferc has financing jurisdiction over comed’s, peco’s and bge’s short-term financings and all of generation’s financings. as of december 31, 2014, comed, peco had bge had short-term financing authority from ferc, which expires on december 31, 2015, of $2.5 billion, $2.5 billion and $700 million, respectively. generation currently has blanket financing authority it received from ferc in connection with its market-based rate authority. see note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
exelon’s ability to pay dividends on its common stock depends on the receipt of dividends paid by its operating subsidiaries. the payments of dividends to exelon by its subsidiaries in turn depend on their results of operations and cash flows and other items affecting retained earnings. the federal power act declares it to be unlawful for any officer or director of any public utility “to participate in the making or paying of any dividends of such public utility from any funds properly included in capital account.” in addition, under illinois law, comed may not pay any dividend on its stock, unless, among other things, its earnings and earned surplus are sufficient to declare and pay a dividend after provision is made for reasonable and proper reserves, or unless comed has specific authorization from the icc. bge is subject to certain dividend restrictions established by the mdpsc. first, bge is prohibited from paying a dividend on its common shares through the end of 2014. second, bge is prohibited from paying a dividend on its common shares if (a) after the dividend payment, bge’s equity ratio would be below 48% as calculated pursuant to the mdpsc’s ratemaking precedents or (b) bge’s senior unsecured credit rating is rated by two of the three major credit rating agencies below investment grade. finally, bge must notify the mdpsc that it intends to declare a dividend on its common shares at least 30 days before such a dividend is paid. there are no other limitations on bge paying common stock dividends unless: (1) bge elects to defer interest payments on the 6.20% deferrable interest subordinated debentures due 2043, and any deferred interest remains unpaid; or (2) any dividends (and any redemption payments) due on bge’s preference stock have not been paid. at december 31, 2014, exelon had retained earnings of $10,910 million, including generation’s undistributed earnings of $3,803 million, comed’s retained earnings of $851 million consisting of retained earnings appropriated for future dividends of $2,490 million partially offset by $1,639 million of unappropriated retained deficit, peco’s retained earnings of $681 million and bge’s retained earnings $1,203 million. see note 22—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding fund transfer restrictions.
contractual obligations the following tables summarize the registrants’ future estimated cash payments as of december 31, 2014 under existing contractual obligations, including payments due by period. see note 22—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding the registrants’ commercial and other commitments, representing commitments potentially triggered by future events.
capital leases                                                     32                 3                     8                     9              12        —
operating                                                       1,158                99                   204                   156             699        —
curtailment services commitments (f)                              115                40                    63                    12               —        —
(a)   includes $648 million due after 2020 to comed, peco and bge financing trusts.
(b)                   interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2014 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances. variable rate interest obligations are estimated based on rates as of december 31, 2014. includes estimated interest payments due to comed, peco and bge financing trusts.
(c)                                           as of december 31, 2014, exelon’s liability for uncertain tax positions and related interest payable was $469 million and $310 million, respectively. exelon was unable to reasonably estimate the timing of liability and interest payments and receipts in individual years beyond 12 months due to uncertainties in the timing of the effective settlement of tax positions. exelon has other unrecognized tax positions that were not recorded on the consolidated balance sheet in accordance with authoritative guidance. see note 14—income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further information regarding unrecognized tax positions.
(d)   excludes ppas and other capacity contracts that are accounted for as operating leases. these amounts are included within purchase power obligations. includes estimated cash payments for service fees related to peco’s meter reading operating lease.
(e)                                           purchase power obligations include ppas and other capacity contracts including those that are accounted for as operating leases. amounts presented represent generation’s expected payments under these arrangements at december 31, 2014, including those related to ceng. expected payments include certain fixed capacity charges which may be reduced based on plant availability. expected payments exclude renewable ppa contracts that are contingent in nature. these obligations do not include comed’s sfcs as these contracts do not require purchases of fixed or minimum quantities. see notes 3—regulatory matters and 22—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
(f)   represents commitments to purchase nuclear fuel, natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity and services, procure electric supply, and purchase aecs and curtailment services. see note 22—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for electric and gas purchase commitments.
(g)                                    primarily related to comed 20-year contracts for renewable energy and recs beginning in june 2012. comed is permitted to recover its renewable energy and rec costs from retail customers with no mark-up. the commitments represent the maximum settlements with suppliers for renewable energy and recs under the existing contract terms. see note 3—regulatory matters of combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(h)   represents commitments for services, materials, information technology, smart meter installation and commitments related to assets-held-for-sale. see note 22—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(i)   represents commitments for generation’s ongoing investments in renewables development, new natural gas and biomass generation construction. see note 22—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
(j)                            under their operating agreements with pjm, comed, peco and bge are committed to the construction of transmission facilities to maintain system reliability. these amounts represent comed’s, peco’s and bge’s expected portion of the costs to pay for the completion of the required construction projects. see note 3—regulatory matters of combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(k)   see note 22—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further information regarding spent nuclear fuel obligations.
(l)                                           these amounts represent exelon’s expected contributions to its qualified pension plans. for exelon’s largest qualified pension plan, the projected contributions reflect a funding strategy of contributing the greater of $250 million until the plan is fully funded on an accumulated benefit obligation basis, and the minimum amounts under erisa to avoid benefit restrictions and at-risk status thereafter. the remaining qualified pension plans’ contributions are generally based on the estimated minimum pension contributions required under erisa and the pension protection act of 2006, as well as contributions necessary to avoid benefit restrictions and at-risk status. these amounts represent estimates that are based on assumptions that are subject to change. the minimum required contributions for years after 2020 are not included. see note 16—retirement benefits of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further information regarding estimated future pension benefit payments.
generation payment due within total   2015                            2016-                 2018-        due 2020   all
liability and interest for uncertain tax benefits (b)            58                 —                     —                     —               —   58
capital leases                                                   24                 3                     8                     9               4        —
operating leases                                                899                51                   120                   100             628        —
(a)   interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2014 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances. variable rate interest obligations are estimated based on rates as of december 31, 2014.
(b)                   as of december 31, 2014, generation’s liability for uncertain tax positions and related interest receivable was $98 million and $40 million, respectively. generation was unable to reasonably estimate the timing of liability and interest payments in individual years beyond 12 months due to uncertainties in the timing of the effective settlement of tax positions.
(c)   excludes ppas and other capacity contracts that are accounted for as operating leases. these amounts are included within purchase power obligations.
(d)                                        purchase power obligations include ppas and other capacity contracts including those that are accounted for as operating leases. amounts presented represent generation’s expected payments under these arrangements at december 31, 2014. expected payments include certain fixed capacity charges which may be reduced based on plant availability. expected payments exclude renewable ppa contracts that are contingent in nature. see note 22—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
(e)   see note 22—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further information regarding fuel purchase agreements.
(f)   represents commitments for services, materials, information technology and commitments related to assets-held-for-sale. see note 22—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(g)   see note 22—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further information regarding generation’s ongoing investments in renewables development, new natural gas and biomass generation construction.
(h)   see note 22—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further information regarding spent nuclear fuel obligations.
capital leases                                                            8               —                   —                   —               8        —
operating leases                                                         45              14                  21                   8               2        —
(a)   includes $206 million due after 2020 to a comed financing trust.
(b)             interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2014 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances. variable rate interest obligations are estimated based on rates as of december 31, 2014. includes estimated interest payments due to the comed financing trust.
(c)           as of december 31, 2014, comed’s liability for uncertain tax positions and related interest payable was $182 million and $203 million respectively. comed was unable to reasonably estimate the timing of liability and interest payments in individual years beyond 12 months due to uncertainties in the timing of the effective settlement of tax positions.
(d)                                    primarily related to comed 20-year contracts for renewable energy and recs beginning in june 2012. comed is permitted to recover its renewable energy and rec costs from retail customers with no mark-up. the commitments represent the maximum settlements with suppliers for renewable energy and recs under the existing contract terms. see note 3—regulatory matters of combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(e)   represents commitments for services, materials, information technology, and smart meter installation. see note 22—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(f)                      under its operating agreement with pjm, comed is committed to the construction of transmission facilities to maintain system reliability. these amounts represent comed’s expected portion of the costs to pay for the completion of the required construction projects. see note 3—regulatory matters of combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
operating leases                                               14             3                 6                 5           —            —
(a)   includes $184 million due after 2020 to peco financing trusts.
(b)   interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2013 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances.
(c)   represents commitments to purchase natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity and services, procure electric supply, and purchase aecs. see note 22—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(d)   represents commitments for services, materials, information technology, and smart meter installation. see note 22—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(e)                       under its operating agreement with pjm, peco is committed to the construction of transmission facilities to maintain system reliability. these amounts represent peco’s expected portion of the costs to pay for the completion of the required construction projects. see note 3—regulatory matters of combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
operating leases                                                  77              13                  21                16              27        —
curtailment services commitments (d)                             115              40                  63                12               —        —
(a)   includes $258 million due after 2020 to the bge financing trusts.
(b)   interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2014 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances.
(c)   as of december 31, 2014, bge’s liability for interest payable was $1 million. bge was unable to reasonably estimate the timing of liability and interest payments in individual years beyond 12 months due to uncertainties in the timing of the effective settlement of tax positions.
(d)   represents commitments to purchase natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity and services, procure electric supply, and curtailment services. see note
22—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(e)   represents commitments for services, materials, information technology, and smart meter installation. see note 22—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(f)            under its operating agreement with pjm, bge is committed to the construction of transmission facilities to maintain system reliability. these amounts represent bge’s expected portion of the costs to pay for the completion of the required construction projects. see note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
see note 22—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for discussion of the registrants’ other commitments potentially triggered by future events.
for additional information regarding:
•   commercial paper, see note 13—debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
•   long-term debt, see note 13—debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
•   liabilities related to uncertain tax positions, see note 14—income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
•   capital lease obligations, see note 13—debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
•   operating leases, energy commitments, fuel purchase agreements, construction commitments and rate relief commitments, see note 22—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
•   the nuclear decommissioning and snf obligations, see notes 15—asset retirement obligations and 22—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
•   regulatory commitments, see note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
•   variable interest entities, see note 2—variable interest entities of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
•   nuclear insurance, see note 22—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
•   new accounting pronouncements, see note 1—significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
item 7.   management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
generation general generation’s integrated business consists of the generation, physical delivery and marketing of power across multiple geographical regions through its customer-facing business, constellation, which sells electricity and natural gas to both wholesale and retail customers. generation also sells renewable energy and other energy-related products and services, and engages in natural gas and oil exploration and production activities. generation has six reportable segments consisting of the mid-atlantic, midwest, new england, new york, ercot and other regions. these segments are discussed in further detail in “item 1. business—exelon generation company, llc” of this form 10-k.
executive overview a discussion of items pertinent to generation’s executive overview is set forth under “item 7. management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations—exelon corporation—executive overview” of this form 10-k.
results of operations year ended december 31, 2014 compared to year ended december 31, 2013 and year ended december 31, 2013 compared to year ended december 31, 2012
a discussion of generation’s results of operations for 2014 compared to 2013 and 2013 compared to 2012 is set forth under “results of operations—generation” in “exelon corporation—results of operations” of this form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources generation’s business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. generation’s capital resources are primarily provided by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, external financing, including the issuance of long-term debt, commercial paper, participation in the intercompany money pool or capital contributions from exelon. generation’s access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. if these conditions deteriorate to where generation no longer has access to the capital markets at reasonable terms, generation has access to credit facilities in the aggregate of $5.8 billion that generation currently utilizes to support its commercial paper program and to issue letters of credit.
see the “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” and note 13 of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further discussion.
capital resources are used primarily to fund generation’s capital requirements, including construction, retirement of debt, the payment of distributions to exelon, contributions to exelon’s pension plans and investments in new and existing ventures. future acquisitions could require external financing or borrowings or capital contributions from exelon.
cash flows from operating activities a discussion of items pertinent to generation’s cash flows from operating activities is set forth under “cash flows from operating activities” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.
cash flows from investing activities a discussion of items pertinent to generation’s cash flows from investing activities is set forth under “cash flows from investing activities” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.
cash flows from financing activities a discussion of items pertinent to generation’s cash flows from financing activities is set forth under “cash flows from financing activities” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.
credit matters a discussion of credit matters pertinent to generation is set forth under “credit matters” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements a discussion of generation’s contractual obligations, commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under “contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates see exelon, generation, comed and peco—critical accounting policies and estimates above for a discussion of generation’s critical accounting policies and estimates.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1 of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements.
item   7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk
generation generation is exposed to market risks associated with commodity price, credit, interest rates and equity price. these risks are described above under “quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk—exelon.”
item 7.   management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
comed general comed operates in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of distribution and transmission services to retail customers in northern illinois, including the city of chicago. this segment is discussed in further detail in “item 1. business—comed” of this form 10-k.
executive overview a discussion of items pertinent to comed’s executive overview is set forth under “exelon corporation—executive overview” of this form 10-k.
results of operations year ended december 31, 2014 compared to year ended december 31, 2013 and year ended december 31, 2013 compared to year ended december 31, 2012
a discussion of comed’s results of operations for 2014 compared to 2013 and for 2013 compared to 2012 is set forth under “results of operations—comed” in “exelon corporation—results of operations” of this form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources comed’s business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. comed’s capital resources are primarily provided by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, external financing, including the issuance of long-term debt, commercial paper or credit facility borrowings. comed’s access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. at december 31, 2014, comed had access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $1 billion. see the “credit matters” section of “liquidity and capital resources” for additional discussion.
see the “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” and note 13 of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further discussion.
capital resources are used primarily to fund comed’s capital requirements, including construction, retirement of debt, and contributions to exelon’s pension plans. additionally, comed operates in rate-regulated environments in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited and where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time.
cash flows from operating activities a discussion of items pertinent to comed’s cash flows from operating activities is set forth under “cash flows from operating activities” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.
cash flows from investing activities a discussion of items pertinent to comed’s cash flows from investing activities is set forth under “cash flows from investing activities” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.
cash flows from financing activities a discussion of items pertinent to comed’s cash flows from financing activities is set forth under “cash flows from financing activities” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.
credit matters a discussion of credit matters pertinent to comed is set forth under “credit matters” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements a discussion of comed’s contractual obligations, commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under “contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates see exelon, generation, comed and peco—critical accounting policies and estimates above for a discussion of comed’s critical accounting policies and estimates.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1 of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements.
item 7.   management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
peco general peco operates in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of distribution and transmission services in southeastern pennsylvania including the city of philadelphia, and the purchase and regulated retail sale of natural gas and the provision of distribution service in pennsylvania in the counties surrounding the city of philadelphia. this segment is discussed in further detail in “item 1. business—peco” of this form 10-k.
executive overview a discussion of items pertinent to peco’s executive overview is set forth under “exelon corporation—executive overview” of this form 10-k.
results of operations year ended december 31, 2014 compared to year ended december 31, 2013 and year ended december 31, 2013 compared to year ended december 31, 2012
a discussion of peco’s results of operations for 2014 compared to 2013 and for 2013 compared to 2012 is set forth under “results of operations—peco” in “exelon corporation—results of operations” of this form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources peco’s business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. peco’s capital resources are primarily provided by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, external financing, including the issuance of long-term debt, commercial paper or participation in the intercompany money pool. peco’s access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. if these conditions deteriorate to where peco no longer has access to the capital markets at reasonable terms, peco has access to a revolving credit facility. at december 31, 2014, peco had access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $600 million. see the “credit matters” section of “liquidity and capital resources” for additional discussion.
capital resources are used primarily to fund peco’s capital requirements, including construction, retirement of debt, the payment of dividends and contributions to exelon’s pension plans. additionally, peco operates in a rate-regulated environment in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited and where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time.
cash flows from operating activities a discussion of items pertinent to peco’s cash flows from operating activities is set forth under “cash flows from operating activities” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.
cash flows from investing activities a discussion of items pertinent to peco’s cash flows from investing activities is set forth under “cash flows from investing activities” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.
cash flows from financing activities a discussion of items pertinent to peco’s cash flows from financing activities is set forth under “cash flows from financing activities” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.
credit matters a discussion of credit matters pertinent to peco is set forth under “credit matters” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements a discussion of peco’s contractual obligations, commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under “contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates see exelon, generation, comed and peco—critical accounting policies and estimates above for a discussion of peco’s critical accounting policies and estimates.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1 of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements.
item 7.   management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
bge general bge operates in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of distribution and transmission services in central maryland, including the city of baltimore, and the purchase and regulated retail sale of natural gas and the provision of distribution service in central maryland, including the city of baltimore. this segment is discussed in further detail in “item 1. business—bge” of this form 10-k.
executive overview a discussion of items pertinent to bge’s executive overview is set forth under “exelon corporation—executive overview” of this form 10-k.
results of operations year ended december 31, 2014 compared to year ended december 31, 2013 and year ended december 31, 2013 compared to year ended december 31, 2012
a discussion of bge’s results of operations for 2014 compared to 2013 and for 2013 compared to 2012 is set forth under “results of operations—bge” in “exelon corporation—results of operations” of this form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources bge’s business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. bge’s capital resources are primarily provided by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, external financing, including the issuance of long-term debt or commercial paper. bge’s access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. if these conditions deteriorate to where bge no longer has access to the capital markets at reasonable terms, bge has access to a revolving credit facility. at december 31, 2014, bge had access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $600 million. see the “credit matters” section of “liquidity and capital resources” for additional discussion.
capital resources are used primarily to fund bge’s capital requirements, including construction, retirement of debt, the payment of dividends and contributions to exelon’s pension plans. additionally, bge operates in a rate-regulated environment in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited and where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time.
cash flows from operating activities a discussion of items pertinent to bge’s cash flows from operating activities is set forth under “cash flows from operating activities” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.
cash flows from investing activities a discussion of items pertinent to bge’s cash flows from investing activities is set forth under “cash flows from investing activities” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.
cash flows from financing activities a discussion of items pertinent to bge’s cash flows from financing activities is set forth under “cash flows from financing activities” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.
credit matters a discussion of credit matters pertinent to bge is set forth under “credit matters” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements a discussion of bge’s contractual obligations, commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under “contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates see exelon, generation, comed, peco and bge—critical accounting policies and estimates above for a discussion of bge’s critical accounting policies and estimates.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1—significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements.