item 1a. risk factors.
we have listed below (not necessarily in order of importance or probability of occurrence) the most significant risk factors applicable to us:
decline in industry sales volume, particularly in the united states, europe, or china, due to financial crisis, recession, geopolitical events, or other factors.  because we, like other manufacturers, have a high proportion of relatively fixed structural costs, relatively small changes in industry sales volume can have a substantial effect on our cash flow and profitability. if industry vehicle sales were to decline to levels significantly below our planning assumption, particularly in the united states, europe, or china, due to financial crisis, recession, geopolitical events, or other factors, such as occurred during 2008 and 2009, our financial condition and results of operations would be substantially adversely affected. for discussion of economic trends, see the "overview" section of item 7.
decline in ford's market share or failure to achieve growth. to maintain competitive economies of scale and grow our global market share, we must grow our market share in fast-growing newly developed and emerging markets, particularly in our asia pacific region and our middle east & africa region, as well as maintain or grow market share in mature markets. our market share in certain growing markets, such as china, is lower than it is in our mature markets. a significant decline in our market share in mature markets or failure to achieve growth in newly developing or emerging markets, whether due to capacity constraints, competitive pressures, protectionist trade policies, or other factors, could have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
lower-than-anticipated market acceptance of ford's new or existing products. although we conduct extensive market research before launching new or refreshed vehicles, many factors both within and outside our control affect the success of new or existing products in the marketplace. offering vehicles that customers want and value can mitigate the risks of increasing price competition and declining demand, but vehicles that are perceived to be less desirable (whether in terms of price, quality, styling, safety, overall value, fuel efficiency, or other attributes) can exacerbate these risks. for example, if a new model were to experience quality issues at the time of launch, the vehicle's perceived quality could be affected even after the issues had been corrected, resulting in lower sales volumes, market share, and profitability. in addition, with increased consumer interconnectedness through the internet, social media, and other media, mere allegations relating to quality, safety, fuel efficiency, corporate social responsibility, or other key attributes can negatively impact our reputation or market acceptance of our products, even where such allegations prove to be inaccurate or unfounded.
market shift away from sales of larger, more profitable vehicles beyond ford's current planning assumption, particularly in the united states. a shift in consumer preferences away from larger, more profitable vehicles at levels beyond our current planning assumption could result in an immediate and substantial adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. although we have a balanced portfolio of small, medium, and large cars, utilities, and trucks with competitive fuel efficiency, a shift in consumer preferences away from sales of larger, more profitable vehicles at levels greater than our current planning assumption-whether because of spiking fuel prices, a decline in the construction industry, government actions or incentives, or other reasons-still could have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
an increase in or continued volatility of fuel prices, or reduced availability of fuel. an increase in fuel prices, continued price volatility, or reduced availability of fuel, particularly in the united states, could result in weakening of demand for relatively more-profitable large cars, utilities, and trucks, while increasing demand for relatively less-profitable small vehicles. continuation or acceleration of such a trend beyond our current planning assumption, or volatility in demand across segments, could have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
continued or increased price competition resulting from industry excess capacity, currency fluctuations, or other factors. the global automotive industry is intensely competitive, with manufacturing capacity far exceeding current demand. according to the january 2015 report issued by ihs automotive, the global automotive industry is estimated to have had excess capacity of about 29 million units in 2014. industry overcapacity has resulted in many manufacturers offering marketing incentives on vehicles in an attempt to maintain and grow market share; these incentives historically have included a combination of subsidized financing or leasing programs, price rebates, and other incentives. as a result, we are not necessarily able to set our prices to offset higher costs of marketing incentives, commodity or other cost increases, or the impact of adverse currency fluctuations, including pricing advantages foreign competitors may have because of their weaker home market currencies. continuation of or increased excess capacity could have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
item 1a. risk factors (continued)
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, and interest rates. as a resource-intensive manufacturing operation, we are exposed to a variety of market and asset risks, including the effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, and interest rates. these risks affect our automotive and financial services sectors. we monitor and manage these exposures as an integral part of our overall risk management program, which recognizes the unpredictability of markets and seeks to reduce potentially adverse effects on our business. nevertheless, changes in currency exchange rates, commodity prices, and interest rates cannot always be predicted or hedged. in addition, because of intense price competition and our high level of fixed costs, we may not be able to address such changes even if foreseeable. as a result, substantial unfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, or interest rates could have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. see "overview" to item 7 and item 7a for additional discussion of currency, commodity price, and interest rate risks.
adverse effects resulting from economic, geopolitical, or other events. with the increasing interconnectedness of global economic and financial systems, a financial crisis, natural disaster, geopolitical crisis, or other significant event in one area of the world can have an immediate and devastating impact on markets around the world. for example, the financial crisis that began in the united states in 2008 quickly spread to other markets; natural disasters in japan and thailand during 2011 caused production interruptions and delays not just in asia pacific but other regions around the world; and episodes of increased geopolitical tensions or acts of terrorism have at times caused adverse reactions that may spread to economies around the globe.
concerns persist regarding the debt burden of certain countries that have adopted the euro currency ("euro area countries") and the ability of these countries to meet future financial obligations, as well as concerns regarding the overall stability of the euro and the suitability of the euro as a single currency given the diverse economic and political circumstances of individual euro area countries. if a country within the euro area were to default on its debt or withdraw from the euro currency, or-in a more extreme circumstance-the euro currency were to be dissolved entirely, the impact on markets around the world, and on ford's global business, could be immediate and significant. such a scenario-or the perception that such a development is imminent-could adversely affect the value of our euro-denominated assets and obligations. in addition, such a development could cause financial and capital markets within and outside europe to constrict, thereby negatively impacting our ability to finance our business, and also could cause a substantial dip in consumer confidence and spending that could negatively impact sales of vehicles. any one of these impacts could have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, we have operations in various markets with volatile economic or political environments and are pursuing growth opportunities in a number of newly developed and emerging markets. these investments may expose us to heightened risks of economic, geopolitical, or other events, including governmental takeover (i.e., nationalization) of our manufacturing facilities or intellectual property, restrictive exchange or import controls, disruption of operations as a result of systemic political or economic instability, outbreak of war or expansion of hostilities, and acts of terrorism, each of which could have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. further, the u.s. government and other governments could impose additional sanctions that could restrict us from doing business directly or indirectly in or with certain countries or parties, which could include affiliates.
economic distress of suppliers that may require ford to provide substantial financial support or take other measures to ensure supplies of components or materials and could increase costs, affect liquidity, or cause production constraints or disruptions. the automotive industry supply base experienced increased economic distress due to the sudden and substantial drop in industry sales volumes beginning in 2008. dramatically lower industry sales volume made existing debt obligations and fixed cost levels difficult for many suppliers to manage, increasing pressure on the supply base. as a result, suppliers not only were less willing to reduce prices, but some requested direct or indirect price increases as well as new and shorter payment terms. at times, we have had to provide financial assistance to key suppliers to ensure an uninterrupted supply of materials and components. in addition, where suppliers have exited certain lines of business or closed facilities due to the economic downturn or other reasons, we generally experience additional costs associated with transitioning to new suppliers. each of these factors could have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
item 1a. risk factors (continued)
work stoppages at ford or supplier facilities or other limitations on production (whether as a result of labor disputes, natural or man-made disasters, tight credit markets or other financial distress, production constraints or difficulties, or other factors). a work stoppage or other limitation on production could occur at ford or supplier facilities for any number of reasons, including as a result of disputes under existing collective bargaining agreements with labor unions or in connection with negotiation of new collective bargaining agreements, or as a result of supplier financial distress or other production constraints or difficulties, or for other reasons. recent examples of situations that have affected industry production to varying degrees include: supplier financial distress due to reduced production volumes during the economic downturn in 2008-2009; capacity constraints as suppliers that restructured or downsized during the downturn work to satisfy growing industry volumes; short-term constraints on production as consumer preferences shift more fluidly across vehicle segments and features; and the impact on certain suppliers of natural disasters during 2011. as indicated, a work stoppage or other limitations on production at ford or supplier facilities for any reason (including but not limited to labor disputes, natural or man-made disasters, tight credit markets or other financial distress, or production constraints or difficulties) could have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
single-source supply of components or materials. many components used in our vehicles are available only from a single supplier and cannot be re-sourced quickly or inexpensively to another supplier (due to long lead times, new contractual commitments that may be required by another supplier before ramping up to provide the components or materials, etc.). in addition to the general risks described above regarding interruption of supplies, which are exacerbated in the case of single-source suppliers, the exclusive supplier of a key component potentially could exert significant bargaining power over price, quality, warranty claims, or other terms relating to a component.
labor or other constraints on ford's ability to maintain competitive cost structure. substantially all of the hourly employees in our automotive operations in the united states and canada are represented by unions and covered by collective bargaining agreements. we negotiated a four-year agreement with the uaw in 2011, and a four-year agreement with the canadian auto workers union in 2012.  although we have negotiated transformational agreements in recent years, these agreements provide guaranteed wage and benefit levels throughout the contract term and some degree of employment security, subject to certain conditions. as a practical matter, these agreements may restrict our ability to close plants and divest businesses.  a substantial number of our employees in other regions are represented by unions or government councils, and legislation or custom promoting retention of manufacturing or other employment in the state, country, or region may constrain as a practical matter our ability to sell or close manufacturing or other facilities.
substantial pension and postretirement health care and life insurance liabilities impairing liquidity or financial condition. we have defined benefit retirement plans in the united states that cover many of our hourly and salaried employees. we also provide pension benefits to non-u.s. employees and retirees, primarily in europe. in addition, we and certain of our subsidiaries sponsor plans to provide other postretirement benefits ("opeb") for retired employees (primarily health care and life insurance benefits). see note 12 of the notes to the financial statements for more information about these plans. these benefit plans impose significant liabilities on us that are not fully funded and will require additional cash contributions, which could impair our liquidity.
our qualified u.s. defined benefit pension plans are subject to title iv of the employee retirement income security act of 1974 ("erisa"). under title iv of erisa, the pension benefit guaranty corporation ("pbgc") has the authority under certain circumstances or upon the occurrence of certain events to terminate a qualified underfunded pension plan. one such circumstance is the occurrence of an event that unreasonably increases the risk of unreasonably large losses to the pbgc. although we believe it is unlikely that the pbgc would terminate any of our plans, in the event that our qualified u.s. pension plans were terminated at a time when the liabilities of the plans exceeded the assets of the plans, we would incur a liability to the pbgc that could be equal to the entire amount of the underfunding.
if our cash flows and capital resources were insufficient to fund our pension or opeb obligations, we could be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, suspend dividend payments, seek additional capital, or restructure or refinance our indebtedness.
item 1a. risk factors (continued)
worse-than-assumed economic and demographic experience for postretirement benefit plans (e.g., discount rates or investment returns). the measurement of our obligations, costs, and liabilities associated with benefits pursuant to our postretirement benefit plans requires that we estimate the present value of projected future payments to all participants. we use many assumptions in calculating these estimates, including assumptions related to discount rates, investment returns on designated plan assets, and demographic experience (e.g., mortality and retirement rates). to the extent actual results are less favorable than our assumptions, there could be a substantial adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. for discussion of our assumptions, see "critical accounting estimates" in item 7 and note 12 of the notes to the financial statements.
restriction on use of tax attributes from tax law "ownership change."  section 382 of the u.s. internal revenue code restricts the ability of a corporation that undergoes an ownership change to use its tax attributes, including net operating losses and tax credits ("tax attributes").  at december 31, 2014, we had tax attributes that would offset more than $15 billion of taxable income.  for these purposes, an ownership change occurs if 5 percent shareholders of an issuer's outstanding common stock, collectively, increase their ownership percentage by more than 50 percentage points over a rolling three-year period. in 2012, we renewed for an additional three-year period our tax benefit preservation plan (the "plan") to reduce the risk of an ownership change under section 382. under the plan, shares held by any person who acquires, without the approval of our board of directors, beneficial ownership of 4.99% or more of our outstanding common stock could be subject to significant dilution. our shareholders approved the renewal at our annual meeting in may 2013.
the discovery of defects in vehicles resulting in delays in new model launches, recall campaigns, or increased warranty costs. meeting or exceeding many government-mandated safety standards is costly and often technologically challenging, especially where standards may be in tension with the need to reduce vehicle weight in order to meet government-mandated emissions and fuel-economy standards. government safety standards also require manufacturers to remedy defects related to vehicle safety through safety recall campaigns, and a manufacturer is obligated to recall vehicles if it determines that the vehicles do not comply with a safety standard. in addition, the introduction of new and innovative features and technology to our vehicles could increase the risk of defects or customer dissatisfaction. in 2014, there was an unprecedented increase in both the number of safety recalls by manufacturers in the united states and vehicles involved in those recalls due, in part, to significant public and governmental attention on the recall process at one of our domestic competitors and nhtsa's expanded definition of safety defects. in addition, nhtsa's enforcement strategy shifted to a significant increase in civil penalties levied and the use of consent orders requiring direct oversight by nhtsa of certain manufacturers' safety processes, a trend that could continue. should we or government safety regulators determine that a safety or other defect or a noncompliance exists with respect to certain of our vehicles prior to the start of production, the launch of such vehicle could be delayed until such defect is remedied. the costs associated with any protracted delay in new model launches necessary to remedy such defects, or the cost of recall campaigns or warranty costs to remedy such defects in vehicles that have been sold, could be substantial. these recall and warranty costs could be exacerbated to the extent they relate to global platforms. furthermore, launch delays or recall actions also could adversely affect our reputation or market acceptance of our products as discussed above under "lower-than-anticipated market acceptance of ford's new or existing products."
increased safety, emissions, fuel economy, or other regulations resulting in higher costs, cash expenditures, and/or sales restrictions. the worldwide automotive industry is governed by a substantial amount of government regulation, which often differs by state, region, and country. government regulation has arisen, and proposals for additional regulation are advanced, primarily out of concern for the environment (including concerns about the possibility of global climate change and its impact), vehicle safety, and energy independence. for example, as discussed above under "item 1. business - governmental standards," in the united states the cafe standards for light duty vehicles are 35.5 mpg by the 2016 model year, 45 mpg by the 2021 model year, and 54.5 mpg by the 2025 model year; epa's parallel co2 emission regulations impose similar standards. california's zev rules also mandate steep increases in the sale of electric vehicles and other advanced technology vehicles beginning in the 2018 model year. in addition, many governments regulate local product content and/or impose import requirements as a means of creating jobs, protecting domestic producers, and influencing the balance of payments.
item 1a. risk factors (continued)
in recent years, we have made significant changes to our product cycle plan to improve the overall fuel economy of vehicles we produce, thereby reducing their ghg emissions. there are limits on our ability to achieve fuel economy improvements over a given time frame, however, primarily relating to the cost and effectiveness of available technologies, consumer acceptance of new technologies and changes in vehicle mix, willingness of consumers to absorb the additional costs of new technologies, the appropriateness (or lack thereof) of certain technologies for use in particular vehicles, the widespread availability (or lack thereof) of supporting infrastructure for new technologies, and the human, engineering, and financial resources necessary to deploy new technologies across a wide range of products and powertrains in a short time. the current fuel economy, co2, and zev standards will be difficult to meet if fuel prices remain relatively low and market conditions do not drive consumers to purchase electric vehicles and other highly fuel-efficient vehicles in large numbers. the cost to comply with existing government regulations is substantial, and future, additional regulations or changes in consumer preferences that affect vehicle mix could have a substantial adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. for more discussion of the impact of such standards on our global business, see the "governmental standards" discussion in "item 1. business" ("item 1") above. in addition, a number of governments, as well as non-governmental organizations, publicly assess vehicles to their own protocols. the protocols could change aggressively, and any negative perception regarding the performance of our vehicles subjected to such tests could reduce future sales.
unusual or significant litigation, governmental investigations, or adverse publicity arising out of alleged defects in products, perceived environmental impacts, or otherwise. we spend substantial resources ensuring that we comply with governmental safety regulations, mobile and stationary source emissions regulations, and other standards. compliance with governmental standards, however, does not necessarily prevent individual or class actions, which can entail significant cost and risk. in certain circumstances, courts may permit tort claims even where our vehicles comply with federal and/or other applicable law. furthermore, simply responding to actual or threatened litigation or government investigations of our compliance with regulatory standards, whether related to our products or business or commercial relationships, may require significant expenditures of time and other resources. litigation also is inherently uncertain, and we could experience significant adverse results. in addition, adverse publicity surrounding an allegation may cause significant reputational harm that could have a significant adverse effect on our sales.
a change in requirements under long-term supply arrangements committing ford to purchase minimum or fixed quantities of certain parts, or to pay a minimum amount to the seller ("take-or-pay" contracts). we have entered into a number of long-term supply contracts that require us to purchase a fixed quantity of parts to be used in the production of our vehicles. if our need for any of these parts were to lessen, we could still be required to purchase a specified quantity of the part or pay a minimum amount to the seller pursuant to the take-or-pay contract, which could have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
adverse effects on results from a decrease in or cessation or clawback of government incentives related to investments. we receive economic benefits from national, state, and local governments in various regions of the world in the form of incentives designed to encourage manufacturers to establish, maintain, or increase investment, workforce, or production. these incentives may take various forms, including grants, loan subsidies, and tax abatements or credits. the impact of these incentives can be significant in a particular market during a reporting period. for example, most of our manufacturing facilities in south america are located in brazil, where the state or federal governments have historically offered, and continue to offer, significant incentives to manufacturers to encourage capital investment, increase manufacturing production, and create jobs. as a result, the performance of our south american operations has been impacted favorably by government incentives to a substantial extent as we have increased our investment and manufacturing presence in brazil, and we expect this favorable impact to continue for the next several years. in brazil, the federal government has levied assessments against us concerning our calculation of federal incentives we received, and certain states have challenged the grant to us of tax incentives by the state of bahia, including a constitutional challenge of state incentives that is pending in brazil's supreme court. a decrease in, expiration without renewal of, or other cessation or clawback of government incentives for any of our business units, as a result of administrative decision or otherwise, could have a substantial adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. see note 2 of the notes to the financial statements for discussion of our accounting for government incentives, and "item 3. legal proceedings" for discussion of tax proceedings in brazil.
inherent limitations of internal controls impacting financial statements and safeguarding of assets. our internal control over financial reporting and our operating internal controls may not prevent or detect misstatements or loss of assets because of inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud. effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement accuracy and safeguarding of assets.
item 1a. risk factors (continued)
cybersecurity risks to operational systems, security systems, or infrastructure owned by ford, ford credit, or a third-party vendor or supplier. we are at risk for interruptions, outages, and breaches of: (i) operational systems (including business, financial, accounting, product development, consumer receivables, data processing, or manufacturing processes); (ii) facility security systems; and/or (iii) in-vehicle systems or mobile devices. such cyber incidents could materially disrupt operational systems; result in loss of trade secrets or other proprietary or competitively sensitive information; compromise personally identifiable information of customers, employees, or others; jeopardize the security of our facilities; and/or affect the performance of in-vehicle systems. a cyber incident could be caused by malicious third parties using sophisticated, targeted methods to circumvent firewalls, encryption, and other security defenses, including hacking, fraud, trickery, or other forms of deception. the techniques used by third parties change frequently and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time. a significant cyber incident could harm our reputation and subject us to regulatory actions or litigation.
failure of financial institutions to fulfill commitments under committed credit and liquidity facilities. under our second amended and restated credit agreement dated as of april 30, 2014 and as further amended (the "revolving credit facility"), we are able to borrow, repay, and then re-borrow up to $12.2 billion. certain of our subsidiaries have standby or revolving credit facilities on which they depend for liquidity. if the financial institutions that provide these or other committed credit facilities were to default on their obligation to fund the commitments, these facilities would not be available to us, which could substantially adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition. for discussion of our credit agreement, see "liquidity and capital resources" in item 7 and note 13 of the notes to the financial statements.
inability of ford credit to access debt, securitization, or derivative markets around the world at competitive rates or in sufficient amounts, due to credit rating downgrades, market volatility, market disruption, regulatory requirements, or other factors. ford credit's ability to obtain unsecured funding at a reasonable cost is dependent on its credit ratings or its perceived creditworthiness. ford credit's ability to obtain securitized funding under its committed asset-backed liquidity programs and certain other asset-backed securitization transactions is subject to having a sufficient amount of assets eligible for these programs, as well as ford credit's ability to obtain appropriate credit ratings and, for certain committed programs, derivatives to manage the interest rate risk. over time, and particularly in the event of any credit rating downgrades, market volatility, market disruption, or other factors, ford credit may reduce the amount of receivables it purchases or originates because of funding constraints. in addition, ford credit may be limited in the amount of receivables it purchases or originates in certain countries or regions if the local capital markets, particularly in developing countries, do not exist or are not adequately developed. similarly, ford credit may reduce the amount of receivables it purchases or originates if there is a significant decline in the demand for the types of securities it offers or ford credit is unable to obtain derivatives to manage the interest rate risk associated with its securitization transactions. a significant reduction in the amount of receivables ford credit purchases or originates would significantly reduce its ongoing profits and could adversely affect its ability to support the sale of ford vehicles.
higher-than-expected credit losses, lower-than-anticipated residual values, or higher-than-expected return volumes for leased vehicles.  credit risk is the possibility of loss from a customer's or dealer's failure to make payments according to contract terms. credit risk (which is heavily dependent upon economic factors including unemployment, consumer debt service burden, personal income growth, dealer profitability, and used car prices) has a significant impact on ford credit's business. the level of credit losses ford credit may experience could exceed its expectations and adversely affect its financial condition and results of operations. in addition, ford credit projects expected residual values (including residual value support payments from ford) and return volumes for the vehicles it leases. actual proceeds realized by ford credit upon the sale of returned leased vehicles at lease termination may be lower than the amount projected, which would reduce the profitability of the lease transaction. among the factors that can affect the value of returned lease vehicles are the volume of vehicles returned, economic conditions, and quality or perceived quality, safety, fuel efficiency, or reliability of the vehicles. actual return volumes may be higher than expected and can be influenced by contractual lease-end values relative to auction values, marketing programs for new vehicles, and general economic conditions. each of these factors, alone or in combination, has the potential to adversely affect ford credit's profitability if actual results were to differ significantly from ford credit's projections. see "critical accounting estimates" in item 7 for additional discussion.
item 1a. risk factors (continued)
increased competition from banks, financial institutions, or other third parties seeking to increase their share of financing ford vehicles. no single company is a dominant force in the automotive finance industry. most of ford credit's bank competitors in the united states use credit aggregation systems that permit dealers to send, through standardized systems, retail credit applications to multiple finance sources to evaluate financing options offered by these sources. also, direct on-line or large dealer group financing options provide consumers with alternative finance sources and/or increased pricing transparency. all of these financing alternatives drive greater competition based on financing rates. competition from such institutions and alternative finance sources could adversely affect ford credit's profitability and the volume of its retail business. in addition, ford credit may face increased competition on wholesale financing for ford dealers.
new or increased credit, consumer, or data protection or other regulations resulting in higher costs and/or additional financing restrictions. as a finance company, ford credit is highly regulated by governmental authorities in the locations in which it operates, which can impose significant additional costs and/or restrictions on its business.  in the united states, for example, ford credit's operations are subject to regulation, supervision, and licensing under various federal, state, and local laws and regulations, including the federal truth-in-lending act, equal credit opportunity act, and fair credit reporting act.
congress also passed the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer financial protection act ("act") in 2010 to reform practices in the financial services industries, including automotive financing and securitizations. the act directs federal agencies to adopt rules to regulate the consumer finance industry and the capital markets and, among other things, gives the consumer financial protection bureau ("cfpb") broad rule-making and enforcement authority for a wide range of consumer finance protection laws that regulate consumer finance businesses, such as ford credit's retail automotive financing business. exercise of these powers by the cfpb may increase the costs of, impose additional restrictions on, or otherwise adversely affect companies in the automotive finance business. for example, in march 2013, the cfpb issued a bulletin recommending that indirect vehicle lenders, a class that includes ford credit, take steps to monitor and/or impose controls over dealer discretionary pricing. in september 2014, the cfpb issued a proposed rule for the supervision of the largest nonbank automotive finance companies, such as ford credit. this is the initial step that is expected to lead to examinations of nonbank automotive finance companies for compliance with consumer finance protection laws as early as 2015.
in addition, the act provides that a non-bank financial company could be designated a "systemically important financial institution" by the financial stability oversight council and thus be subject to supervision by the board of governors of the federal reserve system.  such a designation would mean that a non-bank finance company such as ford credit, in effect, could be regulated like a bank with respect to capital and other requirements, but without the benefits of being a bank-such as the ability to offer federal deposit insurance corporation ("fdic") insured deposits.
the act also creates an alternative liquidation framework under which the fdic may be appointed as receiver of a non-bank financial company if the u.s. treasury secretary (in consultation with the president of the united states) determines that the company is in default or danger of default and the resolution of the company under other applicable law (e.g., u.s. bankruptcy law) would have serious adverse effects on the financial stability of the united states. the fdic's powers under this framework may vary from those of a bankruptcy court under u.s. bankruptcy law, which could adversely impact securitization markets, including ford credit's funding activities, regardless of whether ford credit ever is determined to be subject to the act's alternative liquidation framework.
in some countries outside the united states, some of ford credit's subsidiaries are regulated banking institutions and are required, among other things, to maintain minimum capital reserves. in many other locations, governmental authorities require companies to have licenses in order to conduct financing businesses. compliance with these laws and regulations imposes additional costs on ford credit and affects the conduct of its business. additional regulation could add significant cost or operational constraints that might impair ford credit's profitability.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
overview revenue our automotive sector's revenue is generated primarily by sales of vehicles, parts, and accessories; we generally treat sales and marketing incentives as a reduction to revenue. revenue is recorded when all risks and rewards of ownership are transferred to our customers (generally, our dealers and distributors). for the majority of sales, this occurs when products are shipped from our manufacturing facilities. this is not the case, however, with respect to vehicles produced for sale to daily rental car companies that are subject to a guaranteed repurchase option. these vehicles are accounted for as operating leases, with lease revenue and profits recognized over the term of the lease. when we sell the returned vehicle at auction, we recognize a gain or loss on the difference, if any, between actual auction value and the projected auction value.
most of the vehicles sold by us to our dealers and distributors are financed at wholesale by ford credit. upon ford credit originating the wholesale receivable related to a dealer's purchase of a vehicle, ford credit pays cash to the relevant legal entity in our automotive sector in payment of the dealer's obligation for the purchase price of the vehicle. the dealer then pays the wholesale finance receivable to ford credit when it sells the vehicle to a retail customer.
our financial services sector's revenue is generated primarily from interest on finance receivables, net of certain deferred origination costs that are included as a reduction of financing revenue, and such revenue is recognized over the term of the receivable using the interest method. also, revenue from operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. income is generated to the extent revenues exceed expenses, most of which are interest, depreciation, and operating expenses.
transactions between our automotive and financial services sectors occur in the ordinary course of business. for example, we offer special retail financing and lease incentives to dealers' customers who choose to finance or lease our vehicles from ford credit. the estimated cost for these incentives is recorded as revenue reduction to automotive sales at the later of the date the related vehicle sales to our dealers are recorded or the date the incentive program is both approved and communicated. in order to compensate ford credit for the lower interest or lease rates offered to the retail customer, we pay the discounted value of the incentive directly to ford credit when it originates the retail finance or lease contract with the dealer's customer. ford credit recognizes the amount over the life of retail finance contracts as an element of financing revenue and over the life of lease contracts as a reduction to depreciation. see note 1 of the notes to the financial statements for a more detailed discussion of transactions and payments between our automotive and financial services sectors.
costs and expenses our income statement classifies our automotive total costs and expenses into two categories: (i) cost of sales, and (ii) selling, administrative, and other expenses. we include within cost of sales those costs related to the development, manufacture, and distribution of our vehicles, parts, and accessories. specifically, we include in cost of sales each of the following: material costs (including commodity costs); freight costs; warranty, including product recall and customer satisfaction program costs; labor and other costs related to the development and manufacture of our products; depreciation and amortization; and other associated costs. we include within selling, administrative, and other expenses labor and other costs not directly related to the development and manufacture of our products, including such expenses as advertising and sales promotion costs.
certain of our costs, such as material costs, generally vary directly with changes in volume and mix of production. in our industry, production volume often varies significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year. quarterly production volumes experience seasonal shifts throughout the year (including peak retail sales seasons, and the impact on production of model changeover and new product launches). as we have seen in recent years, annual production volumes are heavily impacted by external economic factors, including the pace of economic growth and factors such as the availability of consumer credit and cost of fuel.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
as a result, we analyze the profit impact of certain cost changes holding constant present-year volume and mix and currency exchange, in order to evaluate our cost trends absent the impact of varying production and currency exchange levels. we analyze these cost changes in the following categories:
•   material excluding commodity costs - primarily reflecting the change in cost of purchased parts used in the assembly of our vehicles.
•   commodity costs - reflecting the change in cost for raw materials (such as steel, aluminum, and resins) used in the manufacture of our products.
•   structural costs - reflecting the change in costs that generally do not have a directly proportionate relationship to our production volumes, such as labor costs, including pension and health care; other costs related to the development and manufacture of our vehicles; depreciation and amortization; and advertising and sales promotion costs.
•   warranty and other costs - reflecting the change in cost related to warranty coverage, field service actions, and customer satisfaction actions, as well as the change in freight and other costs related to the distribution of our vehicles and support for the sale and distribution of parts and accessories.
while material (including commodity), freight, and warranty costs generally vary directly in proportion to production volume, elements within our structural costs category are impacted to differing degrees by changes in production volume. we also have varying degrees of discretion when it comes to controlling the different elements within our structural costs. for example, depreciation and amortization expense largely is associated with prior capital spending decisions. on the other hand, while labor costs do not vary directly with production volume, manufacturing labor costs may be impacted by changes in volume, for example when we increase overtime, add a production shift or add personnel to support volume increases. other structural costs, such as advertising or engineering costs, do not necessarily have a directly proportionate relationship to production volume. our structural costs generally are within our discretion, although to varying degrees, and can be adjusted over time in response to external factors.
we consider certain structural costs to be a direct investment in future growth and revenue. for example, increases in structural costs are necessary to grow our business and improve profitability as we expand around the world, invest in new products and technologies, respond to increasing industry sales volume, and grow our market share.
automotive total costs and expenses for full-year 2014 was $133.8 billion. material costs (including commodity costs) make up the largest portion of our automotive total costs and expenses, representing in 2014 about two-thirds of the total amount. of the remaining balance of our automotive costs and expenses, the largest piece is structural costs. although material costs are our largest absolute cost, our margins can be affected significantly by changes in any category of costs.
key economic factors and trends affecting the automotive industry currency exchange rate volatility. the u.s. federal reserve has ended financial asset purchases, and the resulting shifts in capital flows have contributed to downward pressure on several emerging market currencies. in some cases that pressure is aggravated by high inflation, unstable policy environments, or both. additionally, the yen and euro have depreciated as a result of policy changes by the bank of japan, and european central bank.  the weak yen, in particular, adds significant potential downward pressure on vehicle pricing across many markets globally.  in most markets, exchange rates are market-determined, and all are impacted by many different macroeconomic and policy factors, and thus likely to remain volatile.  however, in some markets, exchange rates are heavily influenced or controlled by governments.
excess capacity. according to ihs automotive, an automotive research firm, the estimated automotive industry global production capacity for light vehicles of about 116 million units exceeded global production by about 29 million units in 2014.  in north america and europe, two regions where a significant share of industry revenue is earned, excess capacity as a percent of production in 2014 was an estimated 7% and 30%, respectively. in china, the auto industry also witnessed excess capacity at 45% of production in 2014, as manufacturers competed to capitalize on china's future market potential. according to production capacity data projected by ihs automotive, global excess capacity conditions could continue for several years at an average of about 32 million units per year during the period from 2015 to 2019.
pricing pressure. excess capacity, coupled with a proliferation of new products being introduced in key segments, will keep pressure on manufacturers' ability to increase prices.  in north america, the industry restructuring of the past few years has allowed manufacturers to better match production with demand, although japanese and korean manufacturers also have capacity located outside of the region directed to north america.  in the future, chinese and indian manufacturers are expected to enter u.s. and european markets, further intensifying competition.  over the long term, intense competition and excess capacity will continue to put downward pressure on inflation-adjusted prices for similarly-
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
contented vehicles in the united states and contribute to a challenging pricing environment for the automotive industry.  in europe, the excess capacity situation was exacerbated by weakening demand and the lack of reductions in existing capacity, such that negative pricing pressure is expected to continue for the foreseeable future.
commodity and energy price changes. the price of oil fell sharply in the second half of 2014, to below $50 per barrel, as demand was weaker than anticipated and global supply remained strong. other commodity prices also have declined recently, but over the longer term prices are likely to trend higher given expectations for global demand growth.
vehicle profitability. our financial results depend on the profitability of the vehicles we sell, which may vary significantly by vehicle line. in general, larger vehicles tend to command higher prices and be more profitable than smaller vehicles, both across and within vehicle segments. for example, in north america, our larger, more profitable vehicles had an average contribution margin that was about 140% of our total average contribution margin across all vehicles, whereas our smaller vehicles had significantly lower contribution margins. government regulations aimed at reducing emissions and increasing fuel efficiency may increase the cost of vehicles by more than the perceived benefit to the consumer. given the backdrop of excess capacity, these regulations could dampen contribution margins. as we execute our one ford plan, we are working to create best-in-class vehicles on global platforms that contribute higher margins, and offering a more balanced portfolio of vehicles with which we aim to be among the leaders in fuel efficiency in every segment in which we compete.
increasing sales of smaller vehicles. like other manufacturers, we are increasing our participation in newly-developed and emerging markets, such as brazil, russia, india, and china, in which vehicle sales are expected to increase at a faster rate than in most mature markets. the largest segments in these markets are small vehicles (i.e., sub-b, b, and c segments). to increase our participation in these fast-growing markets, we are significantly increasing our production capacity, directly or through joint ventures. although we expect positive contribution margins from higher small vehicle sales, one result of increased production of small vehicles may be that, over time, our average per unit margin decreases because small vehicles tend to have lower margins than medium and large vehicles.
trade policy. to the extent governments in various regions erect or intensify barriers to imports, or implement currency policy that advantages local exporters selling into the global marketplace, there can be a significant negative impact on manufacturers based in markets that promote free trade.  while we believe the long-term trend is toward the growth of free trade, we have noted with concern recent developments in a number of regions.  in asia pacific africa, for example, the recent dramatic depreciation of the yen significantly reduces the cost of exports into the united states, europe, and other global markets by japanese manufacturers.  over a period of time, the emerging weakness of the yen can contribute to other countries pursuing weak currency policies by intervening in the exchange rate markets.  this is particularly likely in other asian countries, such as south korea.  as another example, government actions in south america to incentivize local production and balance trade are driving trade frictions between south american countries and also with mexico, resulting in business environment instability and new trade barriers.  we will continue to monitor and address developing issues around trade policy.
other economic factors. during 2014, mature market government bond yields and inflation were lower than expected, and there is a rising risk of persistent disinflation and, in some markets, even outright deflation. the lower levels of inflation and interest rates were unexpected partially because they have occurred against a backdrop of loose monetary policy and high levels of mature market deficits and debt. the eventual implications of higher government deficits and debt, with potentially higher long-term interest rates, may still drive a higher cost of capital over our planning period.  higher interest rates and/or taxes to address the higher deficits also may impede real growth in gross domestic product and, therefore, vehicle sales over our planning period.
for additional information on our assessment of the business environment, refer to the "outlook" section below.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
trends and strategies our priorities are: (1) accelerate the pace of progress of our one ford plan, (2) deliver product excellence with passion, and (3) drive innovation in every part of our business.
accelerate the pace of progress of our one ford plan our first priority is to accelerate the pace of progress of our one ford plan. the one ford plan has been fundamental to the progress we have made in recent years, and it is fundamental to our performance going forward. in many ways we are starting to see the full benefits and strength of the one ford plan, and we see an opportunity to accelerate our pace of progress to drive operational excellence and profitable growth for all.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
deliver product excellence with passion our second priority is to deliver product excellence with passion. products are the lifeblood of our business and our one ford plan has allowed us to field the best product line-up we have ever had and one of the freshest.
our strategy is to serve customers in all markets with a full family of best in class vehicles-small, medium and large; cars, utilities and trucks; each delivering the highest quality, fuel efficiency, safety, smart design, and value-and delivering profitable growth for all.
the fundamentals of our global product plan have not changed. our vision is to produce vehicles that:
•   are great to sit in (second home comfort, convenience, exceptional quietness)
•provide exceptional value and quality
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
our one ford global product development process utilizes global platforms to deliver customer-focused programs rapidly and efficiently across global markets. we continue to make progress on our commitment to consolidate platforms.
we now have 12 global platforms, and we are on track to have nine global platforms in 2016, with almost 100% of our global vehicle volume coming off the nine global platforms. we are able to reinvest the savings resulting from of our platform consolidation back into product development to introduce more products at a faster product cadence; our cumulative refresh rate for the 2015 to 2019 period is expected to be the best in the industry. over 50% of our global volume in 2015 will be from vehicles launched in 2014 and 2015. these launches help set up our next stage of growth, and this will drive revenue and profit growth.
we have made substantial progress recently with the quality of our vehicles. our latest "things gone wrong" data shows that our quality is back on track in north america and south america, and is at best-ever levels in europe and asia pacific. areas such as infotainment, transmissions, and interiors have shown significant improvement as a result of focusing our effort to close the gap versus industry averages. we also are working to improve our global product development system to ensure the process improvements we make flow through to more robust launches, less downstream changes, improved timing, and eventually further improve our quality. as a result of these efforts and the migration to our high quality global platforms, customer satisfaction is trending up across all regions.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
drive innovation in every part of our business our third priority is to drive innovation in every part of our business. our industry is rapidly evolving, and new technology is having a significant impact on our business.
we are a technology leader providing innovations consumers demand today while developing affordable, accessible solutions to help meet the needs of future transportation. our approach to innovation is to employ an "innovation mindset"- by asking questions, challenging customs, and taking intelligent risks-all across the company, in every part of the business. innovation is driven by individuals and teams that find new ways to approach existing problems in a quest to make the world a better place.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
we are always looking ahead and developing affordable, accessible solutions to help meet the needs of future transportation. our blueprint for mobility, announced in 2012, set near-, mid- and long-term goals for solutions to the challenges facing mobility systems now and in the future as the world becomes more populated and urbanized. it highlights our thinking about what transportation will look like in 2025 and beyond, and identifies the types of technologies, business models, products, and partnerships needed to get us there.
in the near-term, we are bringing together partners and communities to think beyond the vehicles. we are researching technology and using human ingenuity to locate open parking spaces in crowded cities; make car-sharing easier; move vehicles across cities with remote control; use vehicles and bicycles to gather information about traffic and parking conditions; and even help make health care more accessible in rural areas. in the mid-term, we are targeting additional semi-autonomous driving technologies and the emergence of integrated networks. in the long-term, the landscape could look radically different. connected traffic networks and smart vehicles capable of automated navigation are likely to bring about new business models and contribute to improved personal mobility.
we are advancing the development of semi-autonomous technologies that have the potential to make driving safer, provide a more convenient driving experience, and ease traffic congestion. we are already manufacturing and selling vehicles with driver-assist technologies, such as:
pre-collision assist with pedestrian detection - uses a camera and radar to help reduce the severity of, or even eliminate, some frontal collisions involving vehicles and pedestrians. the pre-collision assist helps drivers avoid frontal collisions with other vehicles at all speeds, while pedestrian detection helps drivers avoid pedestrians at lower speeds.
active park assist - uses ultrasonic sensors and electric power-assisted steering to help drivers parallel park. the sensors measure the gap between two vehicles to determine if there is enough room for the vehicle. after confirming the vehicle can fit, the vehicle automatically steers into the space, while the driver operates the accelerator and brake pedals.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
adaptive cruise control / collision warning with brake support - uses a radar sensor in the front of the vehicle to measure the distance and speed of vehicles ahead. using this information, the vehicle can automatically slow to keep a consistent following distance set by the driver. the slower speed will be maintained if adaptive cruise control is activated. collision warning triggers visual and audio alerts if the system detects the following distance is diminishing too quickly and a collision may occur. it also pre-charges the brakes if the driver needs to stop suddenly.
lane keeping - uses a camera to help prevent the driver from drifting outside of the intended driving lane. the system automatically detects the left- or right- hand road lane markings. an alert, such as a vibration in the steering wheel, is used to warn the driver. the system can also provide steering torque to help guide the vehicle back into the lane if needed.
enhanced active park assist - uses ultrasonic sensors to help the driver reverse into a space side-to-side with other cars, and for ease of parking going into and out of parking spaces.
and we are researching many automated assist technologies, including traffic jam assist, a further building block toward automated driving in the future.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
results of operations total company our net income attributable to ford motor company was $3.2 billion or $0.80 per share of common and class b stock in 2014, a decline of $4 billion or $0.97 per share from 2013.
(provision for)/benefit from income taxes                         (1,156    )             135               (2,026    )
net income includes certain items ("special items") that we have grouped into "personnel and dealer-related items" and "other items" to provide useful information to investors about the nature of the special items. the first category includes items related to our efforts to match production capacity and cost structure to market demand and changing model mix and therefore helps investors track amounts related to those activities. the second category includes items that we do not generally consider to be indicative of our ongoing operating activities, and therefore allows investors analyzing our pre-tax results to identify certain infrequent significant items that they may wish to exclude when considering the trend of ongoing operating results.
as detailed in note 24 of the notes to the financial statements, we allocate special items to a separate reconciling item, as opposed to allocating them among the operating segments and other automotive, reflecting the fact that management excludes these items from its review of operating segment results for purposes of measuring segment profitability and allocating resources among the segments.
other items venezuela accounting change                    (800        )        -                          -
ford sollers equity impairment                 (329        )        -                          -
loss on sale of two component businesses       -                    -                       (174    )
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
not shown in the table above are tax benefits of $494 million, $2.2 billion, and $315 million for 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively, that we consider to be special items. for 2013, these included the impact of a favorable increase in deferred tax assets related to investments in our european operations and the release of valuation allowances held against u.s. state and local deferred tax assets.
discussion of automotive sector, financial services sector, and total company results of operations below is on a pre-tax basis and excludes special items unless otherwise specifically noted. references to records by automotive segments-north america, south america, europe, middle east & africa, and asia pacific-are since at least 2000 when we began reporting specific business unit results.
both the automotive and financial services sectors contributed to the company's 2014 pre-tax profit of $6.3 billion. the decline in profit, compared with 2013, was more than explained by automotive sector results.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
automotive sector in general, we measure year-over-year change in automotive pre-tax operating profit for our total automotive sector and reportable segments using the causal factors listed below, with revenue and cost variances calculated at present-year volume and mix and exchange:
•   market factors:
◦   volume and mix - primarily measures profit variance from changes in wholesale volumes (at prior-year average margin per unit) driven by changes in industry volume, market share, and dealer stocks, as well as the profit variance resulting from changes in product mix, including mix among vehicle lines and mix of trim levels and options within a vehicle line
◦   net pricing - primarily measures profit variance driven by changes in wholesale prices to dealers and marketing incentive programs such as rebate programs, low-rate financing offers, and special lease offers
•   contribution costs - primarily measures profit variance driven by per-unit changes in cost categories that typically vary with volume, such as material costs (including commodity and component costs), warranty expense, and freight and duty costs
•   other costs - primarily measures profit variance driven by absolute change in cost categories that typically do not have a directly proportionate relationship to production volume. these include mainly structural costs, described below, as well as all other costs, which include items such as litigation costs and costs related to our after-market parts, accessories, and service business. structural costs include the following cost categories:
◦   manufacturing and engineering - consists primarily of costs for hourly and salaried manufacturing- and engineering-related personnel, plant overhead (such as utilities and taxes), new product launch expense, prototype materials, and outside engineering services
◦   spending-related - consists primarily of depreciation and amortization of our manufacturing and engineering assets, but also includes asset retirements and operating leases
◦   advertising and sales promotions - includes costs for advertising, marketing programs, brand promotions, customer mailings and promotional events, and auto shows
◦   administrative and selling - includes primarily costs for salaried personnel and purchased services related to our staff activities and selling functions, as well as associated information technology costs
◦   pension and opeb - consists primarily of past service pension costs and other postretirement employee benefit costs
•   exchange - primarily measures profit variance driven by one or more of the following: (i) transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies of the relevant entities, (ii) effects of converting functional currency income to u.s. dollars, (iii) effects of remeasuring monetary assets and liabilities of the relevant entities in currencies other than their functional currency, or (iv) results of our foreign currency hedging
◦   net interest - primarily measures profit variance driven by changes in our automotive sector's centrally-managed net interest, which consists of interest expense, interest income, fair market value adjustments on our cash equivalents and marketable securities portfolio (excluding our investment in mazda), and other adjustments
◦   other - items not included in the causal factors defined above
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
total automotive. the following two charts detail the key metrics and the change in 2014 pre-tax results compared with 2013 by causal factor. automotive operating margin is defined as automotive pre-tax results, excluding special items and other automotive, divided by automotive revenue.
as shown above, full-year wholesale volume was about equal to a year ago. automotive sector revenue was lower than a year ago by 3%, more than explained by lower volume from consolidated operations and unfavorable exchange. operating margin, at 3.9%, and pre-tax profit, at $4.5 billion, were also lower.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
lower pre-tax profit was driven by the americas; all other business units improved. higher costs, including warranty, unfavorable exchange, and lower volume, including product launch effects and supplier parts shortages, more than explain the decline. higher net pricing was a partial offset.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
total costs and expenses for our automotive sector for 2014 and 2013 was $133.8 billion and $135.2 billion, respectively, a difference of $1.4 billion. an explanation of the change is shown below (in billions):
explanation of change:
volume and mix, exchange, and other                    $2.9
(a)   our key cost change elements are measured primarily at present-year exchange; in addition, costs that vary directly with volume, such as material, freight and warranty costs, are measured at present-year volume and mix. excludes special items.
results by automotive segment. details by segment of income before income taxes are shown below for 2014.
in 2014, automotive pre-tax profit was driven by profits in north america and record results in asia pacific. middle east & africa was about breakeven, while europe and south america incurred large losses as expected. other automotive primarily reflects net interest expense.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
north america segment. the following two charts detail the key metrics and the change in 2014 pre-tax results compared with 2013 by causal factor.
north america continued to benefit from robust industry sales, our strong product line-up, continued discipline in matching production to demand, and a lean cost structure.
as shown above, north america's full-year wholesale volume and revenue both declined 5% compared with 2013. operating margin was 8.4%, 1.8 percentage points lower than a year ago, while pre-tax profit was $6.9 billion, down $1.9 billion.
for the full year, total u.s. market share was down 1 percentage point, primarily reflecting lower f-150 share as we prepared for the all-new vehicle by balancing share with transaction prices and stocks, as well as a planned reduction in daily rental sales. u.s. retail share of retail industry was down 0.6 percentage points.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
the decrease in pre-tax profit for 2014 compared with 2013 is more than explained by lower volume and higher warranty costs, including recalls.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
south america segment. the following two charts detail the key metrics and the change in 2014 pre-tax results compared with 2013 by causal factor.
in south america, we are continuing to execute our strategy of expanding our product line-up, including replacing legacy products with global one ford offerings. we also are continuing to manage the effects of slowing gdp growth, lower industry volumes in our larger markets, weaker currencies, high inflation, as well as policy uncertainty in some countries.
as shown above, full-year wholesale volume and revenue deteriorated from a year ago by 14% and 19%, respectively. operating margin was negative 13.2%, and the pre-tax loss was $1.2 billion, both deteriorated from a year ago. the deterioration in all metrics was driven by unfavorable changes in the external factors mentioned above.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
the decrease in pre-tax profit for 2014 compared with 2013 is more than explained by unfavorable exchange, higher costs (primarily driven by higher inflation), and lower volume, offset partially by favorable net pricing. the higher net pricing reflects partial recovery of the adverse effects of high local inflation and weaker local currencies, along with pricing associated with our new products. the full year loss includes $426 million of adverse balance sheet exchange effects, related primarily to the devaluation of the venezuela bolivar in the first quarter.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
europe segment. the following two charts detail the key metrics and the change in 2014 pre-tax results compared with 2013 by causal factor.
the improvement in europe's 2014 results, as shown above, reflect our continued implementation of our transformation plan focused on product, brand, and cost.
europe's full-year wholesale volume and revenue were up 5% and 8%, respectively, from a year ago. operating margin was negative 3.6% and the pre-tax loss was $1.1 billion, both improved from a year ago.
europe 20 full-year market share, at 8.0%, was up 0.2 percentage points, more than explained by a 1.4 percentage point improvement in our commercial vehicle share, to 11.4%, reflecting the success of our full line of new transit vehicles and continued strong performance of the ranger compact pick-up. for the year, europe retail share of the retail passenger car industry for the five major markets was 8.2%, unchanged from a year ago.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
the improvement in pre-tax results is more than explained by higher volume and lower cost, offset partially by russia and other factors, including lower component pricing and parts and accessories profits.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
in middle east & africa we are focused on building our distribution capability, expanding our one ford product offering tailored to the needs of markets in the region, and leveraging global low-cost sourcing hubs for vehicles in this fast growing region.
middle east & africa's full-year wholesale volume and revenue were down 4% and 3%, respectively, from a year ago. operating margin was negative 0.5% and the pre-tax loss was $20 million, both improved from a year ago. the improvement in pre-tax results is more than explained by higher net pricing and favorable mix.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
asia pacific segment. the following two charts detail the key metrics and the change in 2014 pre-tax results compared with 2013 by causal factor.
our strategy in asia pacific is to invest in growth through both new and expanded plants, new products, and the introduction of lincoln in china.
as shown above, all full year metrics improved from a year ago and all were records. wholesale volume improved 13% compared with a year ago, while revenue, which excludes our china joint ventures, improved 5%. our wholesale volume in china, not shown, was up 19%. operating margin was 5.5%, up 2.3 percentage points, and pre-tax profit was $589 million, up $262 million.
as shown in the memo, our china joint ventures contributed $1.3 billion to pre-tax profit in 2014, reflecting our equity share of earnings after tax. the balance of results for the region primarily reflect australia where we are implementing our transformation plan; india where we are investing for future growth, including the launch of two plants later this year; and industry and economic factors in asean.
our market share in the region was a record 3.5% for the full year, up by 0.2 percentage points compared with 2013. the improvement was driven by china, where our market share for the full year rose to a record 4.5%, up by 0.4 percentage points compared with 2013, reflecting continued strong sales across our vehicle line-up.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
the improvement in 2014 pre-tax results primarily reflects favorable market factors, offset partially by higher costs, including investments to support future growth, and unfavorable exchange.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
total automotive. the following two charts detail the key metrics and the change in 2013 pre-tax results compared with 2012 by causal factor. automotive operating margin is defined as automotive pre-tax results, excluding special items and other automotive, divided by automotive revenue.
as shown above, full-year wholesale volume and revenue for the automotive sector were higher than a year ago by 12% and 10%, respectively. operating margin, at 5.4%, and pre-tax profit, at $6.9 billion, were also higher.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
higher pre-tax profit primarily reflects favorable marketable factors across all regions, offset partially by higher costs, mainly structural, and unfavorable exchange, principally in south america.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
total costs and expenses for our automotive sector for 2013 and 2012 was $135.2 billion and $122.1 billion, respectively, a difference of $13.1 billion. an explanation of the change is shown below (in billions):
explanation of change:
volume and mix, exchange, and other                          $(8.6          )
(a)   our key cost change elements are measured primarily at present-year exchange; in addition, costs that vary directly with volume, such as material, freight and warranty costs, are measured at present-year volume and mix. excludes special items.
results by automotive segment. details by segment of income before income taxes are shown below for 2013.
in 2013, automotive pre-tax profit was the highest in more than a decade, with record profits in north america and asia pacific africa, an about breakeven result in south america, and a lower loss in europe than last year. other automotive reflects net interest expense, offset partially by a favorable fair market value adjustment of our investment in mazda.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
north america segment. the following two charts detail the key metrics and the change in 2013 pre-tax results compared with 2012 by causal factor.
as shown above, north america's full-year wholesale volume and revenue both improved 11% compared with 2012. operating margin was 9.9%, 0.5 percentage points lower than a year ago, while pre-tax profit was $8.8 billion, up about $400 million.
for the full year, total u.s. market share was up 0.5 percentage points, more than explained by f-series and fusion, and u.s. retail share of retail industry was up 0.4 percentage points, more than explained by f-series, escape, and fusion.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
the increase in pre-tax profit for 2013 compared with 2012 is more than explained by favorable market factors, offset partially by higher costs, mainly structural and warranty costs.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
south america segment. the following two charts detail the key metrics and the change in 2013 pre-tax results compared with 2012 by causal factor.
as shown above, full-year wholesale volume and revenue both improved 8% compared with last year. operating margin was negative 0.3%, and the pre-tax loss was $34 million, both lower than positive results a year ago.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
the decrease in pre-tax profit for 2013 compared with 2012 is more than explained by higher costs and unfavorable exchange, offset partially by favorable market factors. the higher net pricing reflects partial recovery of the adverse effects of high local inflation and weaker local currencies, along with pricing associated with our new products.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
europe segment. the following two charts detail the key metrics and the change in 2013 pre-tax results compared with 2012 by causal factor.
europe's full-year wholesale volume and revenue were up less than 1% and 5%, respectively, from a year ago. operating margin was negative 5.8% and the pre-tax loss was $1.6 billion, both improved from a year ago despite higher restructuring costs of about $400 million, lower industry volume, and unfavorable exchange.
europe's full-year market share, at 7.8%, was down 0.1 percentage points, mainly reflecting low availability of mondeo, s-max, and galaxy in the first quarter. for the year, total europe retail share of the retail passenger car industry was up one percentage point, primarily due to b-max and fiesta. our commercial vehicle market share for the full year, at 9.2%, was up 0.7 percentage points compared with the prior year, our highest share since 2007. in 2013, ford was the fastest-growing commercial vehicle brand, and transit nameplate was the leader in the commercial van segment.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
the improvement in pre-tax results is explained by favorable market factors, offset partially by higher costs and unfavorable exchange.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
asia pacific africa segment. the following two charts detail the key metrics and the change in 2013 pre-tax results compared with 2012 by causal factor.
as shown above, full-year wholesale volume and revenue improved 30% and 17%, respectively, compared with a year ago. operating margin was 3.5% and pre-tax profit was $415 million, both substantially improved from last year's results.
our market share in the region was a record 3.5% for the full year, up by 0.7 percentage points compared with 2012. the improvement was driven by china, where our market share for the full year rose to a record 4.1%, up by 0.9 percentage points compared with 2012.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
the improvement in 2013 pre-tax results is explained by favorable market factors and other items, including higher royalties from our joint ventures and insurance recoveries, offset partially by higher costs associated with investments to support future growth, and unfavorable exchange.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
financial services sector as shown in the total company discussion above, we present our financial services sector results in two segments, ford credit and other financial services. ford credit, in turn, has two operations, north america and international.
in general, we measure year-over-year changes in ford credit's pre-tax results using the causal factors listed below:
◦   volume primarily measures changes in net financing margin driven by changes in average finance receivables and net investment in operating leases at prior period financing margin yield (defined below in financing margin).
◦   volume changes are primarily driven by the volume of new and used vehicle sales and leases, the extent to which ford credit purchases retail installment sale and lease contracts, the extent to which ford credit provides wholesale financing, the sales price of the vehicles financed, the level of dealer inventories, ford-sponsored special financing programs available exclusively through ford credit, and the availability of cost-effective funding for the purchase of retail installment sale and lease contracts and to provide wholesale financing.
◦   financing margin variance is the period-to-period change in financing margin yield multiplied by the present period average receivables. financing margin yield equals revenue, less interest expense and scheduled depreciation for the period, divided by average receivables for the same period.
◦   financing margin changes are driven by changes in revenue and interest expense. changes in revenue are primarily driven by the level of market interest rates, cost assumptions in pricing, mix of business, and competitive environment. changes in interest expense are primarily driven by the level of market interest rates, borrowing spreads, and asset-liability management.
◦   credit loss measures changes in the provision for credit losses. for analysis purposes, management splits the provision for credit losses primarily into net charge-offs and the change in the allowance for credit losses.
◦   net charge-off changes are primarily driven by the number of repossessions, severity per repossession, and recoveries. changes in the allowance for credit losses are primarily driven by changes in historical trends in credit losses and recoveries, changes in the composition and size of ford credit's present portfolio, changes in trends in historical used vehicle values, and changes in economic conditions. for additional information on the allowance for credit losses, refer to the "critical accounting estimates - allowance for credit losses" section below.
◦   lease residual measures changes to residual performance. for analysis purposes, management splits residual performance primarily into residual gains and losses, and the change in accumulated supplemental depreciation.
◦   residual gain and loss changes are primarily driven by the number of vehicles returned to ford credit and sold, and the difference between the auction value and the depreciated value of the vehicles sold. changes in accumulated supplemental depreciation are primarily driven by changes in ford credit's estimate of the number of vehicles that will be returned to it and sold, and changes in the estimate of the expected auction value at the end of the lease term. for additional information on accumulated supplemental depreciation, refer to the "critical accounting estimates - accumulated depreciation on vehicles subject to operating leases" section below.
◦   primarily includes operating expenses, other revenue, and insurance expenses.
◦   changes in operating expenses are primarily driven by salaried personnel costs, facilities costs, and costs associated with the origination and servicing of customer contracts.
◦   in general, other revenue changes are primarily driven by changes in earnings related to market valuation adjustments to derivatives (primarily related to movements in interest rates), which are included in unallocated risk management, and other miscellaneous items.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
ford credit. the chart below details the change in 2014 pre-tax results compared with 2013 by causal factor.
ford credit is a strategic asset and an integral part of our global growth and value creation strategy. ford credit provides world-class dealer and customer financial services, supported by a strong balance sheet, providing solid profits and distributions to ford.
the improvement of $98 million in pre-tax profit in 2014 compared with 2013 is more than explained by higher volume, driven by increases in consumer and non-consumer finance receivables globally, as well as an increase in operating leases in north america.
partial offsets include unfavorable lease residual performance in north america, resulting from lower relative auction values, and lower financing margin. the lower financing margin primarily reflects a one-time reserve in europe and lower portfolio pricing in north america.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
ford credit's receivables, including finance receivables and operating leases, at december 31 were as follows (in billions):
net investment in operating leases (b)                        21.5                18.3
unearned interest supplements and residual support             3.9                 3.1
(a)   dealer financing primarily includes wholesale loans to dealers to finance the purchase of vehicle inventory.
(b)   at december 31, 2014 and 2013, includes consumer receivables before allowance for credit losses of $24.4 billion and $27.7 billion, respectively, and non-consumer receivables before allowance for credit losses of $21.8 billion and $23.9 billion, respectively, that have been sold for legal purposes in securitization transactions but continue to be reported in ford credit's financial statements. in addition, at december 31, 2014 and 2013, includes net investment in operating leases before allowance for credit losses of $9.6 billion and $8.1 billion, respectively, that have been included in securitization transactions but continue to be reported in ford credit's financial statements. the receivables and net investment in operating leases are available only for payment of the debt issue by, and other obligations of, the securitization entities that are parties to those securitization transactions; they are not available to pay ford credit's other obligations or the claims of its other creditors. ford credit holds the right to receive the excess cash flows not needed to pay the debt issued by, and other obligations of, the securitization entities that are parties to those securitization transactions. see note 15 of the notes to the financial statements for more information regarding securitization transactions.
managed receivables at december 31, 2014 increased from year-end 2013, driven by increases in consumer and non-consumer finance receivables in all operations and operating leases in north america.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
ford credit. the chart below details the change in 2013 pre-tax results compared with 2012 by causal factor.
the improvement of $59 million is more than explained by higher volume, primarily in north america, driven by an increase in leasing reflecting changes in ford's marketing programs, as well as higher non-consumer finance receivables due to higher dealer stocks.
partial offsets are higher credit losses due to lower credit loss reserve reductions in all operations, and unfavorable residual performance related to lower than expected auction values in north america.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
liquidity and capital resources automotive sector our automotive liquidity strategy includes ensuring that we have sufficient liquidity available with a high degree of certainty throughout the business cycle by generating cash from operations and maintaining access to other sources of funding. we target to have an average ongoing automotive gross cash balance of about $20 billion. we expect to have periods when we will be above or below this amount due to (i) future cash flow expectations such as for pension contributions, debt maturities, capital investments, or restructuring requirements, (ii) short-term timing differences, and (iii) changes in the global economic environment. in addition, we also target to maintain a revolving credit facility for our automotive business of about $10 billion to protect against exogenous shocks. our revolving credit facility is discussed below.
we assess the appropriate long-term target for total automotive liquidity, comprised of automotive gross cash and the revolving credit facility, to be about $30 billion, which is an amount we believe is sufficient to support our business priorities and to protect our business. our automotive gross cash and automotive liquidity targets could be reduced over time based on improved operating performance and changes in our risk profile.
for a discussion of risks to our liquidity, see "item 1a. risk factors," as well as note 27 of the notes to the financial statements, regarding commitments and contingencies that could impact our liquidity.
our key liquidity metrics are automotive gross cash, automotive liquidity, and operating-related cash flow (which best represents the ability of our automotive operations to generate cash).
automotive gross cash includes cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities, net of any securities-in-transit. automotive gross cash is detailed below as of the dates shown (in billions):
marketable securities                                  17.1                        20.1                        18.2
total cash and marketable securities (gaap)            21.7                        25.1                        24.4
(a)   the purchase or sale of marketable securities for which the cash settlement was not made by period-end and a payable or receivable was recorded on the balance sheet.
our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities are held primarily in highly liquid investments, which provide for anticipated and unanticipated cash needs. our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities primarily include u.s. department of treasury obligations, federal agency securities, bank time deposits with investment-grade institutions, corporate investment-grade securities, commercial paper rated a-1/p-1 or higher, and debt obligations of a select group of non-u.s. governments, non-u.s. governmental agencies, and supranational institutions. the average maturity of these investments ranges from about 90 days to up to about one year, and is adjusted based on market conditions and liquidity needs. we monitor our cash levels and average maturity on a daily basis. of our total automotive gross cash at december 31, 2014, 89% was held by consolidated entities domiciled in the united states.
automotive gross cash and liquidity as of the dates shown were as follows (in billions):
in managing our business, we classify changes in automotive gross cash into operating-related and other items (which includes the impact of certain special items, contributions to funded pension plans, certain tax-related transactions, acquisitions and divestitures, capital transactions with the financial services sector, dividends paid to shareholders, and other-primarily financing-related).
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
we believe the cash flow analysis reflected in the table below is useful to investors because it includes in operating-related cash flow elements that we consider to be related to our automotive operating activities (e.g., capital spending) and excludes cash flow elements that we do not consider to be related to the ability of our operations to generate cash. this differs from a cash flow statement prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states ("gaap") and differs from net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities, the most directly comparable gaap financial measure.
changes in automotive gross cash are summarized below (in billions):
gross cash at end of period                              $21.7             $24.8             $24.3
gross cash at beginning of period                         24.8              24.3              22.9
change in gross cash                                     $(3.1   )          $0.5              $1.4
automotive pre-tax profits (excluding special items)      $4.5              $6.9              $6.3
capital spending                                          (7.4   )          (6.6   )          (5.5   )
changes in working capital (a)                            (0.3   )          (0.4   )          (2.3   )
automotive operating-related cash flows                    3.6               6.1               3.4
net receipts from financial services sector (c)            0.6               0.4               0.7
changes in debt                                           (0.9   )           0.7               0.9
change in gross cash                                     $(3.1   )          $0.5              $1.4
(a)   working capital comprised of changes in receivables, inventory, and trade payables.
(b)   primarily expense and payment timing differences for items such as pension and opeb, compensation, marketing, warranty, and timing differences between unconsolidated affiliate profits and dividends received. also includes other factors, such as the impact of tax payments and vehicle financing activities between automotive and fsg sectors.
(d)   2014 includes one-time unfavorable cash effect associated with the accounting change for our operations in venezuela; 2012 includes cash and marketable securities resulting from the consolidation of aai.
(e)   in 2014, we used about $2 billion in cash to settle repurchases of approximately 116 million shares of ford common stock.
with respect to "changes in working capital," in general we carry relatively low automotive sector trade receivables compared with our trade payables because the majority of our automotive wholesales are financed (primarily by ford credit) immediately upon sale of vehicles to dealers, which generally occurs at the time the vehicles are gate-released shortly after being produced.  in addition, our inventories are lean because we build to order, not for inventory.  in contrast, our automotive trade payables are based primarily on industry-standard production supplier payment terms generally ranging between 30 days to 45 days.  as a result, our cash flow tends to improve as wholesale volumes increase, but can deteriorate significantly when wholesale volumes drop sharply. in addition, these working capital balances generally are subject to seasonal changes that can impact cash flow.  for example, we typically experience cash flow timing differences associated with inventories and payables due to our annual summer and december shutdown periods, when production, and therefore inventories and wholesale volumes, are usually at their lowest levels, while payables continue to come due and be paid.  the net impact of this typically results in cash outflows from changes in our working capital balances during these shutdown periods.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
shown below is a reconciliation between financial statement net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities and operating-related cash flows (calculated as shown in the table above), as of the dates shown (in billions):
net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities              $8.8              $7.7              $6.3
items included in operating-related cash flows capital spending                                                 (7.4   )          (6.6   )          (5.5   )
proceeds from the exercise of stock options                       0.2               0.3                 -
items not included in operating-related cash flows separation payments                                               0.2               0.3               0.4
settlement of outstanding obligation with affiliates                -                 -              (0.3   )
operating-related cash flows                                     $3.6              $6.1              $3.4
credit agreement. lenders under our second amended and restated credit agreement dated as of april 30, 2014 (the "revolving credit facility") have commitments to us totaling $12.2 billion, with about $9 billion maturing on april 30, 2019 and about $3 billion maturing on april 30, 2017. we have allocated $2 billion of commitments to ford credit on an irrevocable and exclusive basis to support its liquidity. any borrowings by ford credit under the revolving credit facility would be guaranteed by us.
the revolving credit facility is unsecured and free of material adverse change conditions to borrowing, restrictive financial covenants (for example, interest or fixed charge coverage ratio, debt-to-equity ratio, and minimum net worth requirements), and credit rating triggers that could limit our ability to obtain funding. the revolving credit facility contains a liquidity covenant that requires us to maintain a minimum of $4 billion in aggregate of domestic cash, cash equivalents, and loaned and marketable securities and/or availability under the revolving credit facility. if our senior, unsecured, long-term debt does not maintain at least two investment grade ratings from fitch, moody's, and s&p (each as defined under "total company" below), the guarantees of certain subsidiaries will be required.
at december 31, 2014, the utilized portion of the revolving credit facility was $58 million, representing amounts utilized as letters of credit.
u.s. department of energy ("doe") advanced technology vehicle manufacturer ("atvm") incentive program.  in september 2009, we entered into a loan arrangement and reimbursement agreement ("arrangement agreement") with the doe, under which we borrowed through multiple draws $5.9 billion to finance certain costs for fuel-efficient, advanced-technology vehicles. at december 31, 2014, an aggregate of $4.4 billion was outstanding. the principal amount of the atvm loan bears interest at a blended rate based on the u.s. treasury yield curve at the time each draw was made (with the weighted-average interest rate on all such draws being about 2.3% per annum). the atvm loan is repayable in equal quarterly installments of $148 million, which began in september 2012 and will end in june 2022.
european investment bank ("eib") loans.  on december 21, 2009, ford romania, our operating subsidiary in romania, entered into a credit facility for an aggregate amount of €400 million (equivalent to $486 million at december 31, 2014) with the eib (the "eib romania facility"), and on july 12, 2010, ford motor company limited, our operating subsidiary in the united kingdom, entered into a credit facility for an aggregate amount of £450 million (equivalent to $701 million at december 31, 2014) with the eib (the "eib united kingdom facility").  the facilities were fully drawn at december 31, 2014. loans under the eib romania facility and the eib united kingdom facility bear interest at a fixed rate of 4.44% and 4% per annum, respectively, and mature on march 31, 2015 and september 11, 2015, respectively.
other automotive credit facilities. at december 31, 2014, we had $822 million of local credit facilities available to non-u.s. automotive affiliates, of which $175 million had been utilized.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
net cash. our automotive sector net cash calculation as of the dates shown was as follows (in billions):
total debt at december 31, 2014 was $1.9 billion lower than december 31, 2013, primarily reflecting four quarterly installment payments on the atvm loan which totaled about $600 million, the repayment of a $300 million u.s. export-import bank loan, and the conversion into ford common stock of $882 million of outstanding convertible debt, which resulted in a debt reduction of about $800 million.
we expect to reduce automotive debt levels to about $10 billion by 2018. we plan to achieve the debt reduction by 2018 by using cash from operations to make quarterly installment payments on the atvm loan and repay the eib loans and other debt at maturity.
pension plan contributions and strategy. worldwide, our defined benefit pension plans were underfunded by $9 billion at december 31, 2014, unchanged from december 31, 2013, despite significantly lower discount rates, which were offset by asset returns, contributions, and favorable exchange. the u.s. weighted-average discount rate decreased 80 basis points to 3.94% at year-end 2014 from 4.74% at year-end 2013. the non-u.s. weighted average discount rate decreased 101 basis points to 3.06% at year-end 2014 from 4.07% at year-end 2013. of the $9 billion underfunded status at year-end 2014, $6.5 billion, or about 70%, is associated with our unfunded plans.
our long-term strategy is to reduce the risk of our funded defined benefit pension plans, including minimizing the volatility of the value of our pension assets relative to pension liabilities and the need for unplanned use of capital resources to fund the plans. the strategy reduces balance sheet, cash flow, and income exposures and, in turn, reduces our risk profile. the key elements of this strategy include:
•   limiting liability growth in our defined benefit plans by closing participation to new participants;
•   progressively re-balancing assets to more fixed income investments, with a target asset allocation to be reached over the next few years of about 80% fixed income investments and 20% growth assets, which will provide a better matching of plan assets to the characteristics of the liabilities, thereby reducing our net exposure; and
•   taking other strategic actions to reduce pension liabilities, such as the voluntary lump sum payout program completed in 2013 for u.s. salaried retirees.
in 2014, we contributed $1.5 billion to our global funded pension plans (most of which were mandatory contributions), a decrease of $3.5 billion compared with 2013, reflecting our improved funded status. during 2015, we expect to contribute $1.1 billion from automotive cash and cash equivalents to our global funded pension plans outside the united states (most of which will be mandatory contributions). we also expect to make about $400 million of benefit payments to participants in unfunded plans, for a combined total of $1.5 billion. based on current assumptions and regulations, we do not expect to have a legal requirement to fund our major u.s. pension plans in 2015.
asset returns in 2014 for our u.s. plans were 16.4% and 15.7 % for our non-u.s plans, reflecting fixed income gains as interest rates fell, as well as strong growth asset returns. we have continued to progressively increase the mix of fixed income assets in our u.s. plans with the objective of reducing funded status volatility.  the fixed income mix in our u.s. plans at year-end 2014 was 77%, up from 70% at year-end 2013. the u.s. plans were 97% funded at year end 2014. as shown under "critical accounting estimates-pension plans," this strategy has reduced the funded status sensitivity to changes in interest rates.
based on present planning assumptions for asset returns, discount rates, and planned cash contributions, we expect our global funded pension obligations to be fully funded by year-end 2016, with variability on a plan-by-plan basis. contributions to our global funded plans in 2016 are expected to be about $1.5 billion, including both required and discretionary contributions. after 2016, we expect contributions to these plans to be limited to ongoing service cost of about $500 million per year.
for a detailed discussion of our pension plans, see note 12 of the notes to the financial statements.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
liquidity sufficiency. one of the four key priorities of our one ford plan is to finance our plan and improve our balance sheet, while at the same time having resources available to grow our business. the actions described above are consistent with this priority. based on our planning assumptions, we believe that we have sufficient liquidity and capital resources to continue to invest in new products that customers want and value, transform and grow our business, pay our debts and obligations as and when they come due, pay a sustainable dividend, and provide protection within an uncertain global economic environment.
based on expected cash flows and the identification of additional opportunities for profitable growth, the ongoing amount of capital spending to support product development, growth, restructuring, and infrastructure is expected to increase to about $9 billion annually by 2020. our capital spending was $7.4 billion and $6.6 billion in 2014 and 2013, respectively, and is expected to be about $7.5 billion in 2015.
we will continue to work to strengthen further our balance sheet and improve our investment grade ratings; the amount of incremental capital required to do this will diminish over time as we achieve our target debt levels and fully fund and de-risk our global funded pension plans.
financial services sector ford credit funding strategy. ford credit's primary funding and liquidity objective is to maintain a strong investment grade balance sheet with adequate liquidity to support its financing activities and growth under a variety of market conditions, including short-term and long-term market disruptions.
ford credit's funding strategy remains focused on diversification, and it plans to continue accessing a variety of markets, channels, and investors.
ford credit's liquidity profile continues to be diverse, robust, and focused on maintaining liquidity levels that meet its business and funding requirements. ford credit regularly stress tests its balance sheet and liquidity to ensure that it continues to meet its financial obligations through economic cycles.
funding sources. ford credit's funding sources include primarily unsecured debt and securitization transactions (including other structured financings). ford credit issues both short-term and long-term debt that is held by both institutional and retail investors, with long-term debt having an original maturity of more than 12 months. ford credit sponsors a number of securitization programs that can be structured to provide both short-term and long-term funding through institutional investors in the united states and international capital markets.
ford credit obtains short-term unsecured funding from the sale of floating rate demand notes under its ford interest advantage program and by issuing unsecured commercial paper in the united states and other international markets. at december 31, 2014, the principal amount outstanding of ford interest advantage notes, which may be redeemed at any time at the option of the holders thereof without restriction, was $5.6 billion. at december 31, 2014, the principal amount outstanding of ford credit's unsecured commercial paper was $1.7 billion, which primarily represents issuance under its commercial paper program in the united states. ford credit maintains multiple sources of readily available liquidity to fund the payment of its unsecured short-term debt obligations.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
funding portfolio. the chart below details the trends in the funding of ford credit's managed receivables:
at year-end 2014, managed receivables were $113 billion, and ford credit ended the year with about $9 billion in cash. securitized funding was 38% of managed receivables, down from 44% at year-end 2013, reflecting a greater mix of unsecured debt.
ford credit is projecting 2015 year-end managed receivables of $123 billion to $128 billion and securitized funding as a percentage of managed receivables in the range of 36% to 38%. ford credit expects this percentage will continue to decline over time.
(a)   includes rule 144a offerings.
in 2014, ford credit completed $28 billion of public term funding in the united states, canada, europe, brazil, mexico, and china, including about $13 billion of unsecured debt.
for 2015, ford credit projects full-year public term funding in the range of $25 billion to $31 billion. through february 12, 2015, ford credit has completed $6.3 billion of public term funding in the united states and europe.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
liquidity. the following table shows ford credit's liquidity programs and utilization (in billions):
ford revolving credit facility allocation                     2.0                           -                           -
utilization of liquidity securitization cash (c)                                     $(2.4       )               $(4.4       )               $(3.0       )
ford revolving credit facility allocation                       -                           -                           -
total utilization of liquidity                              (18.1       )               (22.8       )               (21.2       )
adjustments (d)                                              (1.6       )                (1.1       )                (1.5       )
(a)   cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities (excludes marketable securities related to insurance activities).
(b)   committed abs lines are subject to availability of sufficient assets and ability to obtain derivatives to manage interest rate risk.
(c)   used only to support on-balance sheet securitization transactions.
(d)   adjustments include other committed abs lines in excess of eligible receivables and certain cash within fordrev available through future sales of receivables.
at december 31, 2014, ford credit had total liquidity sources of $46.2 billion compared with total liquidity sources of $45.3 billion at december 31, 2013. its liquidity sources of committed capacity and cash are diversified across a variety of markets and platforms. the utilization of its liquidity totaled $18.1 billion at year-end 2014, compared with $22.8 billion at year-end 2013. the decrease of $4.7 billion reflects lower securitization cash and usage of its unsecured credit facilities.
ford credit ended 2014 with gross liquidity of $28.1 billion. after adjustments totaling $1.6 billion, total liquidity available for use continues to remain strong at $26.5 billion at year-end 2014, $5.1 billion higher than year-end 2013.
leverage.  ford credit uses leverage, or the debt-to-equity ratio, to make various business decisions, including evaluating and establishing pricing for finance receivable and operating lease financing, and assessing its capital structure. ford credit refers to its shareholder's interest as equity.
the following table shows the calculation of ford credit's financial statement leverage (in billions, except for ratios):
financial statement leverage (to 1)             9.2                         9.3                         9.2
(a)   includes debt issued in securitization transactions and payable only out of collections on the underlying securitized assets and related enhancements. ford credit holds the right to receive the excess cash flows not needed to pay the debt issued by, and other obligations of, the securitization entities that are parties to those securitization transactions.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
the following table shows the calculation of ford credit's managed leverage (in billions, except for ratios):
adjustments for cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities (b)            (8.9       )               (10.8       )               (10.9       )
adjustments for derivative accounting (c)                                        (0.4       )                (0.2       )                (0.8       )
adjustments for derivative accounting (c)                                        (0.4       )                (0.3       )                (0.3       )
(a)   includes debt issued in securitization transactions and payable only out of collections on the underlying securitized assets and related enhancements. ford credit holds the right to receive the excess cash flows not needed to pay the debt issued by, and other obligations of, the securitization entities that are parties to those securitization transactions.
(b)   excludes marketable securities related to insurance activities.
(c)   primarily related to market valuation adjustments to derivatives due to movements in interest rates. adjustments to debt are related to designated fair value hedges and adjustments to equity are related to retained earnings.
ford credit believes that managed leverage is useful to its investors because it reflects the way ford credit manages its business. ford credit deducts cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities (excluding marketable securities related to insurance activities) because they generally correspond to excess debt beyond the amount required to support its operations and amounts to support on-balance sheet securitization transactions. ford credit makes derivative accounting adjustments to its assets, debt, and equity positions to reflect the impact of interest rate instruments ford credit uses in connection with its term-debt issuances and securitization transactions. the derivative accounting adjustments related to these instruments vary over the term of the underlying debt and securitized funding obligations based on changes in market interest rates. ford credit generally repays its debt obligations as they mature. as a result, ford credit excludes the impact of these derivative accounting adjustments on both the numerator and denominator in order to exclude the interim effects of changes in market interest rates.
ford credit plans its managed leverage by considering prevailing market conditions and the risk characteristics of its business. at december 31, 2014, ford credit's managed leverage was 8.7:1, compared with 8.5:1 at december 31, 2013. in 2015, ford credit expects managed leverage to continue in the range of 8:1 to 9:1. in 2014, ford credit paid $395 million in distributions to its parent, ford holdings llc.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
total company equity. at december 31, 2014, total equity attributable to ford motor company was $24.8 billion, a decrease of $1.3 billion compared with december 31, 2013. the decrease primarily reflects unfavorable changes in accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) of $1.8 billion (more than explained by unfavorable pension and opeb adjustments); unfavorable changes in treasury stock of about $300 million related to net stock repurchases and re-issuances; and unfavorable changes in capital in excess of par value of stock of about $300 million related to convertible note debt settlement net of compensation-related equity issuances; offset partially by favorable changes in retained earnings of $1.2 billion related to full-year 2014 net income attributable to ford motor company of $3.2 billion, net of cash dividends declared of $2 billion.
credit ratings. our short-term and long-term debt is rated by four credit rating agencies designated as nationally recognized statistical rating organizations ("nrsros") by the u.s. securities and exchange commission:
•   moody's investors service, inc. ("moody's"); and
•   standard &amp; poor's ratings services, a division of mcgraw hill financial ("s&amp;p").
in several markets, locally-recognized rating agencies also rate us. a credit rating reflects an assessment by the rating agency of the credit risk associated with a corporate entity or particular securities issued by that entity. rating agencies' ratings of us are based on information provided by us and other sources. credit ratings assigned to us from all of the nrsros are closely associated with their opinions on ford. credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell, or hold securities, and are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. each rating agency may have different criteria for evaluating company risk and, therefore, ratings should be evaluated independently for each rating agency.
•   on october 1, 2014, fitch affirmed its ratings for ford and ford credit, and maintained a positive outlook for both.
•   on october 29, 2014, dbrs affirmed its ratings for ford and ford credit, and maintained a stable outlook for both.
•   on december 16, 2014, moody's affirmed its ratings for ford, and maintained a stable outlook.
•   on january 27, 2015, moody's affirmed its ratings for ford credit, and maintained a stable outlook.
the following chart summarizes certain of the credit ratings and outlook presently assigned by these four nrsros:
fitch       bbb-                                            bbb-                             positive              bbb-                              f3                         positive              bbb-
*   s&amp;p assigns fce a long-term senior unsecured credit rating of bbb, a one-notch higher rating than ford and ford credit, with a stable outlook.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
2014 planning assumptions and key metrics the following summarizes results against planning assumptions and key metrics established at the beginning of 2014:
2013 full year   2014 full year results   plan                                   results planning assumptions (mils.)
- operating margin (b)                            5.4         %     lower                            3.9        %
- operating-related cash flow (bils.) (c)        $6.1               substantially lower             $3.6
- pre-tax profit (bils.)                         $1.8               about equal                     $1.9
- pre-tax profit (bils.) (c)                     $8.6               $7 - $8                         $6.3
(b)   automotive operating margin is defined as automotive pre-tax results, excluding special items and other automotive, divided by automotive revenue.
(c)   excludes special items; reconciliation to gaap for full-year 2013 and 2014 provided in "results of operations" and "liquidity and capital resources," above. full year 2014 total company pre-tax profit result was consistent with our updated guidance of about $6 billion, provided in september 2014.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
outlook business environment we project global economic growth to be in the 3% range led by the united states and china. global industry sales are expected to grow to between 88 million and 92 million units after estimated sales of 88 million units in 2014. u.s. economic growth is expected to be in the 3% range. consumer sentiment is improving, along with lower fuel prices, which will boost consumer spending, providing support for growth. south america faces continued market volatility and policy uncertainty. a weak recovery is expected in brazil while argentina and venezuela will remain in recession. in europe, growth in the euro area slowed after the first quarter of 2014, but is projected at just above 1% in 2015. growth in the united kingdom is projected to remain in the 2.5% to 3% range. in russia, the combination of lower oil prices, geo-political events, and ruble depreciation will lead to a sharp decline in gross domestic product and higher inflation. in asia pacific, china's economic growth is projected to be in the 7% to 7.5% range; consumer income growth will support an increase in vehicle sales but at a more moderate pace this year. with some encouraging signs of improvement, growth in india is projected to rise above 6% in 2015, supported by a more favorable policy environment. overall, despite challenges in some key markets, we expect the global economy to grow in 2015 and be supportive of our projection for higher global industry volume this year.
total company our 2015 profit outlook by segment is as follows:
- operating margin                   8.4           %       8% - 9%
north america we expect north america to be strongly profitable, at a level higher than 2014, with an operating margin of 8% to 9%. this outlook includes higher market share and net pricing, reflecting the impact of launching seven all-new or significantly refreshed products, as well as the effect of the record 16 launches in 2014, many of which occurred late in the year. the f-150 changeover and downtime at our kansas city plant will impact our first quarter 2015 results.
south america in south america, pre-tax results are expected to be substantially improved from 2014, but still be a loss. this outlook reflects the continuation of difficult macroeconomic conditions, with industry volume about equal to 2014. we expect higher market share in 2015 as a result of new product introductions, including the all-new ka. we also expect higher net pricing, in part due to the new products, but also to recover, at least in part, the unfavorable effects of weaker currencies and high local inflation. finally, our south america results will not include the operating results of our venezuela operations, including any impact of currency devaluations.
europe in europe, pre-tax results are expected to improve from 2014, but still be a loss. this outlook reflects higher market share, volume, and net pricing in the europe 20 markets, despite intense competition across the region, as well as weak economic growth in the euro area. this is updated from our september 2014 investor day guidance of a loss of about $250 million, largely due to uncertainty around conditions in russia, as well as higher pension expense in 2015 as a result of even lower discount rates.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
middle east & africa middle east & africa is expected to deliver a loss somewhat larger than 2014 as we invest for future growth.
asia pacific in asia pacific, we expect wholesale volume, market share, and pre-tax profit to be higher than 2014 as we continue to introduce new products and bring online new capacity.
ford credit ford credit continues to implement its growth plan and expects pre-tax profit to be equal to or higher than 2014. this outlook reflects year-end managed receivables in the range of $123 billion to $128 billion, managed leverage to continue in the range of 8:1 to 9:1, and distributions of about $250 million.
2015 calendarization effects we expect the calendarization of our total company pre-tax results, excluding special items, to be atypical in 2015. historically, the first half of the year is more profitable for us than the second half. in 2015, however, we expect the reverse to be the case due primarily to the following factors:
•   in north america, the all-new f-150 changeover and downtime at the kansas city plant will affect first quarter results. we also will incur costs and lost volume in the first half of the year related to our seven product launches in 2015, including the edge and explorer. we expect to see the benefit of these launches in the second half of 2015.
•   in asia pacific, we are leveraging our global product portfolio to introduce 18 new vehicles in 2015. this will result in lower first half results as we continue to invest in four new plants that will bring new capacity online for the second half of 2015.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
2015 planning assumptions and key metrics based on the current economic environment, our planning assumptions and key metrics for 2015 include the following:
2014 full yearresults   2015 full yearplan planning assumptions (mils.)
- operating margin (b)                                3.9           %                   higher
- operating-related cash flow (bils.) (c)            $3.6                               higher ford credit (compared with 2014):
- pre-tax profit (bils.)                             $1.9                   equal to or higher total company:
- pre-tax profit (bils.) (c)                         $6.3                          $8.5 - $9.5
(b)   automotive operating margin is defined as automotive pre-tax results, excluding special items and other automotive, divided by automotive revenue.
(c)   excludes special items; reconciliation to gaap for full-year 2014 provided in "results of operations" and "liquidity and capital resources" above.
for 2015, we now expect u.s. industry volume to range from 17 million to 17.5 million units, europe 20 markets to range from 14.8 million to 15.3 million units, and china to range from 24.5 million to 26.5 million units.
for our financial metrics, we expect automotive revenue, automotive operating margin, and automotive operating-related cash flow to be higher than 2014. this includes capital spending of about $7.5 billion in 2015.
ford credit's pre-tax profit is expected to be equal to or higher than 2014.
we expect our operating effective tax rate, which excludes the profits of our unconsolidated subsidiaries, to be about equal to our 2014 rate of 35%, assuming extension of u.s. research credit legislation in the fourth quarter of 2015.
we expect total company pre-tax profit, excluding special items, to range from $8.5 billion to $9.5 billion in 2015.
overall, we expect very strong growth and substantially improved financial performance in 2015 driven by our investments in new products and capacity.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
risk factors statements included or incorporated by reference herein may constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. forward-looking statements are based on expectations, forecasts, and assumptions by our management and involve a number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those stated, including, without limitation:
•   decline in industry sales volume, particularly in the united states, europe, or china, due to financial crisis, recession, geopolitical events, or other factors;
•   decline in ford's market share or failure to achieve growth;
•   lower-than-anticipated market acceptance of ford's new or existing products;
•   market shift away from sales of larger, more profitable vehicles beyond ford's current planning assumption, particularly in the united states;
•   an increase in or continued volatility of fuel prices, or reduced availability of fuel;
•   continued or increased price competition resulting from industry excess capacity, currency fluctuations, or other factors;
•   fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, and interest rates;
•   adverse effects resulting from economic, geopolitical, or other events;
•   economic distress of suppliers that may require ford to provide substantial financial support or take other measures to ensure supplies of components or materials and could increase costs, affect liquidity, or cause production constraints or disruptions;
•   work stoppages at ford or supplier facilities or other limitations on production (whether as a result of labor disputes, natural or man-made disasters, tight credit markets or other financial distress, production constraints or difficulties, or other factors);
•   single-source supply of components or materials;
•   labor or other constraints on ford's ability to maintain competitive cost structure;
•   substantial pension and postretirement health care and life insurance liabilities impairing liquidity or financial condition;
•   worse-than-assumed economic and demographic experience for postretirement benefit plans (e.g., discount rates or investment returns);
•   restriction on use of tax attributes from tax law "ownership change;"
•   the discovery of defects in vehicles resulting in delays in new model launches, recall campaigns, or increased warranty costs;
•   unusual or significant litigation, governmental investigations, or adverse publicity arising out of alleged defects in products, perceived environmental impacts, or otherwise;
•   a change in requirements under long-term supply arrangements committing ford to purchase minimum or fixed quantities of certain parts, or to pay a minimum amount to the seller ("take-or-pay" contracts);
•   adverse effects on results from a decrease in or cessation or clawback of government incentives related to investments;
•   inherent limitations of internal controls impacting financial statements and safeguarding of assets;
•   cybersecurity risks to operational systems, security systems, or infrastructure owned by ford, ford credit, or a third-party vendor or supplier;
•   failure of financial institutions to fulfill commitments under committed credit and liquidity facilities;
•   inability of ford credit to access debt, securitization, or derivative markets around the world at competitive rates or in sufficient amounts, due to credit rating downgrades, market volatility, market disruption, regulatory requirements, or other factors;
•   increased competition from banks, financial institutions, or other third parties seeking to increase their share of financing ford vehicles; and
we cannot be certain that any expectation, forecast, or assumption made in preparing forward-looking statements will prove accurate, or that any projection will be realized. it is to be expected that there may be differences between projected and actual results. our forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of their initial issuance, and we do not undertake any obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. for additional discussion, see "item 1a. risk factors" above.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
critical accounting estimates we consider an accounting estimate to be critical if: 1) the accounting estimate requires us to make assumptions about matters that were highly uncertain at the time the accounting estimate was made, and 2) changes in the estimate that are reasonably likely to occur from period to period, or use of different estimates that we reasonably could have used in the current period, would have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations.
management has discussed the development and selection of these critical accounting estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors. in addition, there are other items within our financial statements that require estimation, but are not deemed critical as defined above. changes in estimates used in these and other items could have a material impact on our financial statements.
warranty and field service actions nature of estimates required. we provide warranties on the products we sell. separately, we also periodically perform field service actions related to safety recalls, emission recalls, and other product campaigns. pursuant to these warranties and field service actions, we will repair, replace or adjust all parts on a vehicle that are defective in factory-supplied materials or workmanship.  we accrue the estimated cost of both basic warranty coverages and field service actions at the time of sale.
assumptions and approach used. we establish estimates for warranty and field service action obligations using a patterned estimation model. we use historical information regarding the nature, frequency, and average cost of claims for each vehicle line by model year. we reevaluate our estimate of warranty and field service obligations on a regular basis. experience has shown that initial data for any given model year may be volatile; therefore, our process relies on long-term historical averages until sufficient data are available. as actual experience becomes available, we use the data to modify the historical averages in order to ensure that the estimate is within the range of likely outcomes. we then compare the resulting accruals with present spending rates to ensure that the balances are adequate to meet expected future obligations. based on these data, we revise our estimates as necessary. warranty coverages vary; therefore, our warranty accruals vary depending upon the type of product and the geographic location of its sale for specific periods of time and/or mileage. field service actions are distinguishable from warranties in that they may occur in periods beyond the basic warranty coverage period. our best estimate of the obligation related to field service actions includes expected future payments related to vehicles produced in the most recent eight model years and announced field service actions for vehicles produced before this period.
due to the uncertainty and potential volatility of these factors, changes in our assumptions could materially affect our financial condition and results of operations. see note 27 of the notes to the financial statements for information regarding warranty and product recall related costs.
pensions and other postretirement employee benefits nature of estimates required. the estimation of our defined benefit pension and opeb plan obligations and expenses requires that we make use of estimates of the present value of the projected future payments to all participants, taking into consideration the likelihood of potential future events such as demographic experience and health care cost increases. plan obligations and expenses are based on existing retirement plan provisions. no assumption is made regarding any potential future changes to benefit provisions beyond those to which we are presently committed (e.g., in existing labor contracts).
assumptions and approach used. the assumptions used in developing the required estimates include the following key factors:
•   discount rates. our discount rate assumption is based primarily on the results of a cash flow matching analysis, which matches the future cash outflows for each major plan to a yield curve based on high-quality bonds specific to the country of the plan. benefit payments are discounted at the rates on the curve and a single discount rate specific to the plan is determined.
•   expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. our expected long-term rate of return assumption reflects historical returns and long-run inputs from a range of advisors for capital market returns, inflation, bond yields, and other variables, adjusted for specific aspects of our investment strategy such as asset mix. the assumption is based on consideration of all inputs, with a focus on long-term trends to avoid short-term market influences.
•   salary growth. our salary growth assumption reflects our actual experience, long-term outlook, and assumed inflation.
•   inflation. our inflation assumption is based on an evaluation of external market indicators, including real gross domestic product growth and central bank inflation targets.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
•   expected contributions. our expected amount and timing of contributions are based on an assessment of minimum requirements, cash availability, and other considerations (e.g., funded status, avoidance of regulatory premiums and levies, and tax efficiency).
•   retirement rates. retirement rates are developed to reflect actual and projected plan experience.
•   mortality rates. mortality rates are developed to reflect actual and projected plan experience.
•   health care cost trends. our health care cost trend assumptions are developed based on historical cost data, the near-term outlook, and an assessment of likely long-term trends.
assumptions are set at each year end and are generally not changed during the year unless there is a major plan event such as a significant curtailment or settlement that would trigger a plan remeasurement.
the effects of actual results differing from our assumptions and the effects of changing assumptions are recorded as unamortized net gains or losses in accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) on our balance sheet. unamortized gains and losses are amortized over future periods and, therefore, generally affect our recognized expense in future periods.
mortality assumptions. as part of the normal management of our defined benefit pension and opeb plans, we consistently review our demographic assumptions and actual experience, including our assumptions for mortality. at year-end 2014, we updated our assumptions for future mortality improvements in our north american defined benefit pension and opeb plans, taking into consideration recent mortality information published by recognized experts in this field, primarily the u.s. society of actuaries and the canadian institute of actuaries. this information was considered, along with the characteristics of our plan-specific populations and other data where appropriate, in developing our best estimate of the expected mortality of plan participants. the impact of this update on our global pension and opeb obligations was not significant and is included in the benefit obligations shown in note 12 of the notes to the financial statements.
see note 12 of the notes to the financial statements for more information regarding pension and opeb costs and assumptions.
pension plans effect of actual results. the year-end 2014 weighted average discount rate was 3.94% for u.s. plans and 3.06% for non-u.s. plans, reflecting decreases of 80 and 101 basis points, respectively, compared with year-end 2013. in 2014, the u.s. actual return on assets was 16.4%, which was higher than the expected long-term rate of return of 6.89%. non-u.s. actual return on assets was 15.7%, which was higher than the expected long-term rate of return of 6.63%. in total, these differences resulted in a net increase in unamortized losses of about $3 billion which are expected to be recognized as a component of net expense over the expected future years of service (approximately 10 years for our major u.s. plans and 11 years for our major non-u.s. plans).
for 2015, the expected long-term rate of return on assets is 6.75% for u.s. plans and 6.11% for non-u.s. plans, down 14 basis points and 52 basis points, respectively, compared with a year ago, reflecting primarily a higher fixed income allocation.
de-risking strategy. in 2012, we adopted a broad global de-risking strategy which increases the matching characteristics of our assets relative to our obligation as funded status improves. changes in interest rates (which directly influence changes in discount rates), in addition to other factors, have a significant impact on the value of our pension obligation and fixed income asset portfolio. as we de-risk our plans and increase the allocation to fixed income investments over time, we expect the funded status sensitivity to changes in interest rates will be significantly reduced. any change in interest rates should result in offsetting effects in the value of our pension obligation and the value of the fixed income asset portfolio.
sensitivity analysis. the december 31, 2014 pension funded status and 2015 expense are affected by year-end 2014 assumptions. sensitivities to these assumptions may be asymmetric and are specific to the time periods noted. the effects of changes in the factors which generally have the largest impact on year-end funded status and pension expense are discussed below.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
discount rates and interest rates have the largest impact on our net funded status. the table below estimates the impact as of december 31, 2014 on our funded status of an increase/decrease in discount rates and interest rates (in millions):
basis          increase/(decrease) in point          december 31, 2014 funded status factor                                change         u.s. plans                    non-u.s. plans discount rate - obligation            +/- 100 bps.   $5,000/(6,200)                $4,700/(5,800)
net impact on funded status                          $500/(600)                    $2,800/(3,400)
the fixed income asset sensitivity shown excludes other fixed income return components (e.g., bond coupon and active management excess returns), growth asset returns and changes in value of related insurance contracts. other factors that impact net funded status (e.g., contributions) are not reflected.
discount rates and the expected long-term rate of return on assets have the largest impact on pension expense. these assumptions are generally set at each year end for expense recorded throughout the following year. the table below estimates the impact on 2015 pension expense of a higher/lower assumption for these factors (in millions):
basis         increase/(decrease) in point         2015 expense factor                                        change        u.s. plans             non-u.s. plans discount rate                                 +/- 10 bps.   $(35)/40               $(40)/40
expected long-term rate of return on assets   +/- 10        (40)/40                (20)/20
the impact of changing multiple factors simultaneously cannot be calculated by combining the individual sensitivities. the sensitivity of pension expense to an increase in discount rates assumptions may not be linear.
other postretirement employee benefits effect of actual results. the weighted average discount rate used to determine the benefit obligation for u.s. opeb plans at december 31, 2014 was 3.86%, compared with 4.65% at december 31, 2013, resulting in an unamortized loss of about $400 million. this amount is expected to be recognized as a component of net expense over the expected future years of service (approximately 12 years).
sensitivity analysis. the effect on u.s. and canadian plans of a 100 basis point increase/(decrease) in the assumed discount rate would have resulted in a (lower)/higher postretirement benefit expense for 2015 of approximately $(40) million/$40 million, and in the year-end 2014 obligation of approximately $(720) million/$850 million.
income taxes nature of estimates required. we must make estimates and apply judgment in determining the provision for income taxes for financial reporting purposes. we make these estimates and judgments primarily in the following areas: (i) the calculation of tax credits, (ii) the calculation of differences in the timing of recognition of revenue and expense for tax and financial statement purposes that will ultimately be reported in tax returns, as well as (iii) the calculation of interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions. changes in these estimates and judgments may result in a material increase or decrease to our tax provision, which would be recorded in the period in which the change occurs.
assumptions and approach used. we are subject to the income tax laws and regulations of the many jurisdictions in which we operate. these tax laws and regulations are complex and involve uncertainties in the application to our facts and circumstances that may be open to interpretation. we recognize benefits for these uncertain tax positions based upon a process that requires judgment regarding the technical application of the laws, regulations, and various related judicial opinions. if, in our judgment, it is more likely than not that the uncertain tax position will be settled favorably to us, we estimate an amount that ultimately will be realized. this process is inherently subjective, since it requires our assessment of the probability of future outcomes. we evaluate these uncertain tax positions on a quarterly basis, including consideration of changes in facts and circumstances, such as new regulations or recent judicial opinions, as well as the status of audit activities by taxing authorities. changes to our estimate of the amount to be realized are recorded in our provision for income taxes during the period in which the change occurred.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
we must also assess the likelihood that we will be able to recover our deferred tax assets against future sources of taxable income. gaap requires a reduction of the carrying amount of deferred tax assets by recording a valuation allowance if, based on all available evidence, it is more likely than not (defined as a likelihood of more than 50%) that all or a portion of such assets will not be realized.
we presently believe that a valuation allowance of $1.6 billion is required, primarily for deferred tax assets related to our south america operations. we believe that we ultimately will recover the remaining $13.1 billion of deferred tax assets. we have assessed recoverability of these assets, and concluded that no valuation allowance is required.
for additional information regarding income taxes, see note 21 of the notes to the financial statements.
allowance for credit losses the allowance for credit losses represents ford credit's estimate of the probable credit loss inherent in finance receivables and operating leases as of the balance sheet date. the adequacy of ford credit's allowance for credit losses is assessed quarterly and the assumptions and models used in establishing the allowance are evaluated regularly. because credit losses can vary substantially over time, estimating credit losses requires a number of assumptions about matters that are uncertain. see note 7 of the notes to the financial statements for more information regarding allowance for credit losses.
nature of estimates required. ford credit estimates the probable credit losses inherent in finance receivables and operating leases based on several factors.
consumer portfolio. ford credit estimates the allowance for credit losses on consumer receivables and on operating leases using a combination of measurement models and management judgment. the models consider factors such as historical trends in credit losses and recoveries (including key metrics such as delinquencies, repossessions, and bankruptcies), the composition of ford credit's present portfolio (including vehicle brand, term, risk evaluation, and new/used vehicles), trends in historical used vehicle values, and economic conditions. estimates from these models rely on historical information and may not fully reflect losses inherent in the present portfolio. therefore, ford credit may adjust the estimate to reflect management judgment regarding observable changes in recent economic trends and conditions, portfolio composition, and other relevant factors.
•   frequency. the number of finance receivables and operating lease contracts that are expected to default over the loss emergence period, measured as repossessions; and
•   loss severity. the expected difference between the amount a customer owes when the finance contract is charged off and the amount received, net of expenses, from selling the repossessed vehicle, including any recoveries from the customer.
collective allowance for credit losses. the collective allowance is evaluated primarily using a collective loss-to receivables ("ltr") model that, based on historical experience, indicates credit losses have been incurred in the portfolio even though the particular accounts that are uncollectible cannot be specifically identified. the ltr model is based on the most recent years of history. each ltr is calculated by dividing credit losses by average end-of-period finance receivables or average end-of-period operating leases, excluding unearned interest supplements and allowance for credit losses. an average ltr is calculated for each product and multiplied by the end-of-period balances for that given product.
ford credit's largest markets also use a loss projection model to estimate losses inherent in the portfolio. the loss projection model applies recent monthly performance metrics, stratified by contract type (retail or lease), contract term (e.g., 60-month), and risk rating to ford credit's active portfolio to estimate the losses that have been incurred.
the loss emergence period ("lep") is a key assumption within ford credit's models and represents the average amount of time between when a loss event first occurs to when it is charged off. this time period starts when the consumer begins to experience financial difficulty. it is evidenced, typically through delinquency, before eventually resulting in a charge-off. the lep is a multiplier in the calculation of the collective consumer allowance for credit losses.
for accounts greater than 120 days past due, the uncollectible portion is charged off, such that the remaining recorded investment is equal to the estimated fair value of the collateral less costs to sell.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
specific allowance for impaired receivables. consumer receivables involved in troubled debt restructurings are specifically assessed for impairment. a specific allowance is estimated based on the present value of the expected future cash flows of the receivable discounted at the loan's original effective interest rate or the fair value of any collateral adjusted for estimated costs to sell.
after establishing the allowance for credit losses, if ford credit management believes the allowance does not reflect all losses inherent in the portfolio due to changes in recent economic trends and conditions, or other relevant factors, an adjustment is made based on management judgment.
sensitivity analysis. changes in the assumptions used to derive frequency and severity would affect the allowance for credit losses. the effect of the indicated increase/decrease in the assumptions for ford credit's u.s. ford and lincoln brand retail financing and operating lease portfolio is as follows (in millions, except for percentages):
assumption                percentagepoint change   december 31, 2014allowance forcredit losses            2015expense repossession ratios (a)   +/- 0.1 pt.              $33/$(33)                                                $33/$(33)
(a)   reflects the number of finance receivables and operating lease contracts that ford credit expects will default over a period of time relative to the average number of contracts outstanding.
non-consumer portfolio. ford credit estimates the allowance for credit losses for non-consumer receivables based on historical ltr ratios, expected future cash flows, and the fair value of collateral.
collective allowance for credit losses. ford credit estimates an allowance for non-consumer receivables that are not specifically identified as impaired using a ltr model for each financing product based on historical experience. this ltr is an average of the most recent historical experience and is calculated consistent with the consumer receivables ltr approach. all accounts that are specifically identified as impaired are excluded from the calculation of the non-specific or collective allowance.
specific allowance for impaired receivables. dealer financing is evaluated by segmenting individual loans by the risk characteristics of the loan (such as the amount of the loan, the nature of the collateral, and the financial status of the debtor). the loans are analyzed to determine whether individual loans are impaired, and a specific allowance is estimated based on the present value of the expected future cash flows of the receivable discounted at the loan's original effective interest rate or the fair value of the collateral adjusted for estimated costs to sell.
after establishing the allowance for credit losses, if ford credit management believes the allowance does not reflect all losses inherent in the portfolio due to changes in recent economic trends and conditions, or other relevant factors, an adjustment is made based on management judgment.
changes in ford credit's assumptions affect the provision for credit losses and insurance losses on our income statement and the allowance for credit losses contained within finance receivables, net and net investment in operating leases on our balance sheet, in each case under the financial services sector.
accumulated depreciation on vehicles subject to operating leases accumulated depreciation on vehicles subject to operating leases reduces the value of the leased vehicles in ford credit's operating lease portfolio from their original acquisition value to their expected residual value at the end of the lease term.
ford credit monitors residual values each month, and it reviews the adequacy of accumulated depreciation on a quarterly basis. if ford credit believes that the expected residual values for its vehicles have changed, it revises depreciation to ensure that net investment in operating leases (equal to the acquisition value of the vehicles less accumulated depreciation) will be adjusted to reflect ford credit's revised estimate of the expected residual value at the end of the lease term. such adjustments to depreciation expense would result in a change in the depreciation rates of the vehicles subject to operating leases and are recorded prospectively on a straight-line basis.
each lease customer has the option to buy the leased vehicle at the end of the lease or to return the vehicle to the dealer.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nature of estimates required.  each operating lease in ford credit's portfolio represents a vehicle it owns that has been leased to a customer. at the time ford credit purchases a lease, it establishes an expected residual value for the vehicle. ford credit estimates the expected residual value by evaluating recent auction values, return volumes for its leased vehicles, industrywide used vehicle prices, marketing incentive plans, and vehicle quality data.
assumptions used. ford credit's accumulated depreciation on vehicles subject to operating leases is based on assumptions regarding:
•   auction value. ford credit's projection of the market value of the vehicles when sold at the end of the lease; and
•   return volume. ford credit's projection of the number of vehicles that will be returned at lease-end.
see note 6 of the notes to the financial statements for more information regarding accumulated depreciation on vehicles subject to operating leases.
sensitivity analysis. for returned vehicles, ford credit faces a risk that the amount it obtains from the vehicle sold at auction will be less than its estimate of the expected residual value for the vehicle. the effect of the indicated increase/decrease in the assumptions for ford credit's u.s. ford and lincoln brand operating lease portfolio is as follows (in millions, except for percentages):
assumption              percentagechange   december 31, 2014accumulateddepreciation onvehicles subject tooperating leases            2015expense future auction values   +/- 1.0            $(85)/$85                                                                                 $(27)/$27
the impact of the increased accumulated supplemental depreciation in 2014 would be charged to expense in the
2015 - 2018 periods. adjustments to the amount of accumulated depreciation on operating leases would be reflected on our balance sheet as net investment in operating leases and on the income statement in depreciation on vehicles subject to operating leases, in each case under the financial services sector.
accounting standards issued but not yet adopted for information on accounting standards issued but not yet adopted, see note 3 of the notes to the financial statements.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
aggregate contractual obligations we are party to many contractual obligations involving commitments to make payments to third parties. most of these are debt obligations incurred by our financial services sector. long-term debt may have fixed or variable interest rates. for long-term debt with variable-rate interest, we estimate the future interest payments based on projected market interest rates for various floating-rate benchmarks received from third parties. in addition, as part of our normal business practices, we enter into contracts with suppliers for purchases of certain raw materials, components, and services to facilitate adequate supply of these materials and services. these arrangements may contain fixed or minimum quantity purchase requirements. "purchase obligations" are defined as off-balance sheet agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding on the company and that specify all significant terms.
the table below summarizes our contractual obligations as of december 31, 2014 (in millions):
2015                                                                        2016 - 2017           2018 - 2019            2020 and thereafter                 total automotive sector on-balance sheet long-term debt (a) (b) (excluding capital leases)      $2,118              $1,587                $1,739                      $8,047                    $13,491
capital leases                                             12                  20                    68                          17                        117
off-balance sheet purchase obligations                                    1,649               1,921                   843                         947                      5,360
operating leases                                          211                 283                   121                          64                        679
financial services sector on-balance sheet long-term debt (a) (b) (excluding capital leases)      25,533              42,291                15,433                      10,579                     93,836
off-balance sheet purchase obligations                                       20                  16                    27                           -                         63
operating leases                                           57                  94                    34                          19                        204
total financial services sector                        27,904              45,437                17,072                      11,915                    102,328
(a) amount includes, prior to adjustment noted above, $2,128 million for the automotive sector and $25,533 million for the financial services sector for the current portion of long-term debt. see note 13 of the notes to the financial statements for additional discussion.
(b) automotive sector excludes unamortized debt discounts/premiums of $(144) million. financial services sector excludes unamortized debt discounts of $(55) million and adjustments of $428 million related to designated fair value hedges of the debt.
(c) excludes amortization of debt discounts/premiums.
(d) amounts represent our estimate of contractually obligated deficit contributions to u.k. plans. see note 12 for further information regarding our expected 2015 pension contributions and funded status.
the amount of unrecognized tax benefits for 2014 of $1.3 billion (see note 21 of the notes to the financial statements for additional discussion) is excluded from the table above. final settlement of a significant portion of these obligations will require bilateral tax agreements among us and various countries, the timing of which cannot reasonably be estimated.
for additional information regarding operating lease obligations, pension and opeb obligations, and long-term debt, see notes 6, 12, and 13, respectively, of the notes to the financial statements.