item 1a: risk factors the following discussion sets forth the material risk factors that could affect jpmorgan chase's financial condition and operations. readers should not consider any descriptions of such factors to be a complete set of all potential risks that could affect the firm.
regulatory risk jpmorgan chase operates within a highly regulated industry, and the firm's businesses and results are significantly affected by the laws and regulations to which the firm is subject.
as a global financial services firm, jpmorgan chase is subject to extensive and comprehensive regulation under federal and state laws in the u.s. and the laws of the various jurisdictions outside the u.s. in which the firm does business. these laws and regulations significantly affect the way that the firm does business, and can restrict the scope of the firm's existing businesses, limit the firm's ability to expand the products and services that it offers or make its products and services more expensive for clients and customers.
the financial services industry continues to experience an unprecedented increase in regulations and supervision, and such changes could have a significant impact on how the firm conducts business. significant and comprehensive new legislation and regulations affecting the financial services industry have been adopted or proposed in recent years, both in the u.s. and globally. the firm continues to make appropriate adjustments to its business and operations, legal entity structure and capital and liquidity management policies, procedures and controls to comply with these new laws and regulations. however, the cumulative effect of all of the new and proposed legislation and regulations on the firm's business, operations and profitability remains uncertain.
the recent legislative and regulatory developments, as well as future legislative or regulatory actions in the u.s. and in the other countries in which the firm operates, and any required changes to the firm's business or operations resulting from such developments and actions, could result in a significant loss of revenue for the firm, impose additional compliance and other costs on the firm or otherwise reduce the firm's profitability, limit the products and services that the firm offers or its ability to pursue business opportunities in which it might otherwise consider engaging, require the firm to dispose of or curtail certain businesses, affect the value of assets that the firm holds, require the firm to increase its prices and therefore reduce demand for its products, or otherwise adversely affect the firm's businesses.
non-u.s. regulations and initiatives may be inconsistent or may conflict with current or proposed regulations in the u.s., which could create increased compliance and other costs and adversely affect jpmorgan chase's business, operations or profitability.
there can be significant differences in the ways that similar regulatory initiatives affecting the financial services industry are implemented in different countries and regions in which jpmorgan chase does business. for example, recent eu legislative and regulatory initiatives, including those relating to the resolution of financial institutions, the proposed separation of trading activities from core banking services, mandatory on-exchange trading, position limits and reporting rules for derivatives, conduct of business requirements and restrictions on compensation, could require the firm to make significant modifications to its non-u.s. business, operations and legal entity structure in order to comply with these requirements. these differences in implemented or proposed non-u.s. regulations and initiatives may be inconsistent or may conflict with current or proposed regulations in the u.s., which could subject the firm to increased compliance and legal costs, as well as higher operational, capital and liquidity costs, all of which could have an adverse effect on the firm's business, results of operations and profitability.
expanded regulatory and governmental oversight of jpmorgan chase's businesses will continue to increase the firm's costs and risks.
the firm's businesses and operations are increasingly subject to heightened governmental and regulatory oversight and scrutiny. the firm has paid significant fines (or has provided significant monetary and other relief) to resolve a number of investigations or enforcement actions by governmental agencies. in addition, the firm continues to devote substantial resources to satisfying the requirements of regulatory consent orders and other settlements to which it is subject, including enhancing its procedures and controls, expanding its risk and control functions within its lines of business, investing in technology and hiring significant numbers of additional risk, control and compliance personnel, all of which have increased the firm's operational and compliance costs.
if the firm fails to meet the requirements of the regulatory settlements to which it is subject, or more generally, to maintain risk and control procedures and processes that meet the heightened standards established by its regulators and other government agencies, it could be required to enter into further orders and settlements, pay additional fines, penalties or judgments, or accept material regulatory restrictions on its businesses. the extent of the firm's exposure to legal and regulatory matters may be unpredictable and could, in some cases, substantially exceed the amount of reserves that the firm has established for such matters.
the firm expects that it and the financial services industry as a whole will continue to be subject to heightened regulatory scrutiny and governmental investigations and enforcement actions and that violations of law will more frequently be met with formal and punitive enforcement action, including the imposition of significant monetary and other sanctions, rather than with informal supervisory action.
in addition, certain regulators have announced policies, or taken measures in connection with specific enforcement actions, which make it more likely that the firm and other financial institutions may be required to admit wrongdoing in connection with settling such matters. such admissions can lead to, among other things, greater exposure in civil litigation and reputational harm.
finally, u.s. government officials have indicated and demonstrated a willingness to bring criminal actions against financial institutions, and have increasingly sought, and obtained, resolutions that include criminal pleas from those institutions. such resolutions can have significant collateral consequences for a subject financial institution, including loss of customers and business and (absent the forbearance of, or the granting of waivers by, applicable regulators) the inability to offer certain products or services or operate certain businesses for a period of time.
requirements for the orderly resolution of the firm under the dodd-frank act could require jpmorgan chase to restructure or reorganize its businesses or make costly changes to its capital or funding structure.
under title i of the dodd-frank act ("title i") and federal reserve and fdic rules, the firm is required to prepare and submit periodically to the federal reserve and the fdic a detailed plan for the orderly resolution of jpmorgan chase & co. and certain of its subsidiaries under the u.s. bankruptcy code or other applicable insolvency laws in the event of future material financial distress or failure. in july 2014, the firm submitted its third title i resolution plan to the federal reserve and fdic (the "2014 plan"). in august 2014, the federal reserve and the fdic announced the completion of their reviews of the second round of title i resolution plans submitted by eleven large, complex banking organizations (the "first wave filers") in 2013, including the firm's title i resolution plan submitted in 2013 (the "2013 plan"). although the agencies noted some improvements from the original plans submitted by the first wave filers in 2012, the agencies also jointly identified specific shortcomings with the 2013 resolution plans, including the firm's 2013 plan, that will need to be addressed in 2015 submissions if not already addressed in the firm's 2014 plan. in addition, the fdic board of directors determined under title i that the 2013 resolution plans submitted by the first wave filers, including the firm's 2013 plan, are not credible and do not facilitate an orderly resolution under the u.s. bankruptcy code (although the federal reserve board did not make such a determination). the federal reserve board determined that the first wave filers must take immediate action to improve their resolvability and reflect those improvements in their 2015 submissions.
if the federal reserve board and the fdic were to jointly determine that the firm's title i resolution plan, or any future update of that plan, is not credible, and the firm is unable to remedy the identified deficiencies in a timely manner, the regulators may jointly impose more stringent capital, leverage or liquidity requirements on the firm or restrictions on growth, activities or operations of the firm, and could require the firm to restructure, reorganize or divest businesses, legal entities, operational systems and/or intercompany transactions in ways that could materially and adversely affect the firm's operations and strategy. in addition, in order to develop a title i resolution plan that the federal reserve board and fdic determine is credible, the firm may need to take actions to restructure intercompany and external activities, which could result in increased funding or operational costs.
in addition to the firm's plan for orderly resolution, the firm's resolution plan also recommends to the federal reserve and the fdic its proposed optimal strategy to resolve the firm under the special resolution procedure provided in title ii of the dodd-frank act ("title ii"). the firm's recommendation for its optimal title ii strategy would involve a "single point of entry" recapitalization model in which the fdic would use its power to create a "bridge entity" for jpmorgan chase, transfer the systemically important and viable parts of the firm's business, principally the stock of jpmorgan chase & co.'s main operating subsidiaries and any intercompany claims against such subsidiaries, to the bridge entity, recapitalize those businesses by contributing some or all of such intercompany claims to the capital of such subsidiaries, and by exchanging debt claims against jpmorgan chase & co. for equity in the bridge entity. the federal reserve is also expected to propose rules regarding the minimum levels of unsecured long-term debt and other loss absorbing capacity that bank holding companies would be required to have issued and outstanding, as well as guidelines defining the terms of qualifying debt instruments, to ensure that adequate levels of debt are maintained at the holding company level for purposes of recapitalization. issuing debt in the amounts that would be required under these proposed rules could lead to increased funding costs for the firm. in addition, if the firm were to be resolved under its recommended title ii strategy, no assurance can be given that the value of the stock of the bridge entity distributed to the holders of debt obligations of jpmorgan chase & co. would be sufficient to repay or satisfy all or part of the principal amount of, and interest on, the debt obligations for which such stock was exchanged.
market risk jpmorgan chase's results of operations have been, and may continue to be, adversely affected by u.s. and international financial market and economic conditions.
jpmorgan chase's businesses are materially affected by economic and market conditions, including the liquidity of the global financial markets; the level and volatility of debt and equity prices, interest rates and currency and commodities prices; investor sentiment; events that reduce confidence in the financial markets; inflation and unemployment; the availability and cost of capital and credit; the economic effects of natural disasters, severe weather conditions, outbreaks of hostilities or terrorism; monetary policies and actions taken by the federal reserve
part i and other central banks; and the health of the u.s. and global economies. these conditions can affect the firm's businesses both directly and through their impact on the businesses and activities of the firm's clients and customers.
in the firm's underwriting and advisory businesses, the above-mentioned factors can affect the volume of transactions that the firm executes for its clients and customers and, therefore, the revenue that the firm receives from fees and commissions, as well as the willingness of other financial institutions and investors to participate in loan syndications or underwritings managed by the firm.
the firm generally maintains extensive market-making positions in the fixed income, currency, commodities, credit and equity markets to facilitate client demand and provide liquidity to clients. the revenue derived from these positions is affected by many factors, including the firm's success in effectively hedging its market and other risks; volatility in interest rates and equity, debt and commodities markets; interest rate and credit spreads; and the availability of liquidity in the capital markets, all of which are affected by global economic and market conditions. certain of the firm's market-making positions could be adversely affected by the lack of pricing transparency or liquidity, which will be influenced by many of these factors. the firm anticipates that revenue relating to its market-making businesses will continue to experience volatility, which will affect the firm's ability to realize returns from such activities and could adversely affect the firm's earnings.
the fees that the firm earns for managing third-party assets are also dependent upon general economic conditions. for example, a higher level of u.s. or non-u.s. interest rates or a downturn in financial markets could affect the valuations of the third-party assets that the firm manages or holds in custody, which, in turn, could affect the firm's revenue. macroeconomic or market concerns may also prompt outflows from the firm's funds or accounts.
changes in interest rates will affect the level of assets and liabilities held on the firm's balance sheet and the revenue that the firm earns from net interest income. a low interest rate environment has and may continue to have an adverse effect on certain of the firm's businesses by compressing net interest margins, reducing the amounts that the firm earns on its investment securities portfolio, or reducing the value of its mortgage servicing rights ("msr") asset, thereby reducing the firm's net interest income and other revenues. conversely, increasing or high interest rates may result in increased funding costs, lower levels of commercial and residential loan originations and diminished returns on the available-for-sale investment securities portfolio (to the extent that the firm is unable to reinvest contemporaneously in higher-yielding assets), thereby adversely affecting the firm's revenues and capital levels.
the firm's consumer businesses are particularly affected by u.s. domestic economic conditions, including u.s. interest rates; the rate of unemployment; housing prices; the level of consumer confidence; changes in consumer spending; and the number of personal bankruptcies. if the current positive trends in the u.s. economy are not sustained, this could diminish demand for the products and services of the firm's consumer businesses, or increase the cost to provide such products and services. in addition, adverse economic conditions, such as declines in home prices or persistent high levels of unemployment, could lead to an increase in mortgage, credit card, auto, student and other loan delinquencies and higher net charge-offs, which can reduce the firm's earnings.
widening of credit spreads makes it more expensive for the firm to borrow on both a secured and unsecured basis. credit spreads widen or narrow not only in response to firm-specific events and circumstances, but also as a result of general economic and geopolitical events and conditions. changes in the firm's credit spreads will impact, positively or negatively, the firm's earnings on liabilities that are recorded at fair value.
sudden and significant volatility in the prices of securities and other assets (including loan and derivatives) may curtail the trading markets for such securities and assets, make it difficult to sell or hedge such securities and assets, adversely affect the firm's profitability, capital or liquidity, or increase the firm's funding costs. sustained volatility in the financial markets may also negatively affect consumer or investor confidence, which could lead to lower client activity and decreased fee-based income for the firm.
credit risk the financial condition of jpmorgan chase's customers, clients and counterparties, particularly other financial institutions, could adversely affect the firm.
financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of market-making, trading, clearing, counterparty or other relationships. the firm routinely executes transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds, investment managers and other institutional clients. many of these transactions expose the firm to credit risk and, in some cases, disputes and litigation in the event of a default by the counterparty or client. in recent years, the perceived interrelationship among financial institutions has also led to claims by other market participants and regulators that the firm and other financial institutions have allegedly violated anti-trust or anti-competition laws by colluding to manipulate markets, prices or indices.
the firm is a market leader in providing clearing and custodial services, and also acts as a clearing and custody bank in the securities and repurchase transaction market, including the u.s. tri-party repurchase transaction market. many of these services expose the firm to credit risk in the event of a default by the counterparty or client, a central counterparty ("ccp") or another market participant.
as part of providing clearing services, the firm is a member of a number of ccps, and may be required to pay a portion of the losses incurred by such organizations as a result of the default of other members. as a clearing member, the firm is also exposed to the risk of non-performance by its clients, which it seeks to mitigate through the maintenance of adequate collateral. in its role as custodian bank in the securities and repurchase transaction market, the firm can be exposed to intra-day credit risk of its clients. if a client to which the firm provides such services becomes bankrupt or insolvent, the firm may become involved in disputes and litigation with various parties, including one or more ccps, the client's bankruptcy estate and other creditors, or involved in regulatory investigations. all of such events can increase the firm's operational and litigation costs and may result in losses if any collateral received by the firm declines in value.
during periods of market stress or illiquidity, the firm's credit risk also may be further increased when the firm cannot realize the fair value of the collateral held by it or when collateral is liquidated at prices that are not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan, derivative or other exposure due to the firm. further, disputes with obligors as to the valuation of collateral could increase in times of significant market stress, volatility or illiquidity, and the firm could suffer losses during such periods if it is unable to realize the fair value of collateral or manage declines in the value of collateral.
concentration of credit and market risk could increase the potential for significant losses.
jpmorgan chase has exposure to increased levels of risk when customers are engaged in similar business activities or activities in the same geographic region, or when they have similar economic features that would cause their ability to meet contractual obligations to be similarly affected by changes in economic conditions. as a result, the firm regularly monitors various segments of its portfolio exposures to assess potential concentration risks. the firm's efforts to diversify or hedge its credit portfolio against concentration risks may not be successful.
in addition, disruptions in the liquidity or transparency of the financial markets may result in the firm's inability to sell, syndicate or realize the value of its positions, thereby leading to increased concentrations. the inability to reduce the firm's positions may not only increase the market and credit risks associated with such positions, but may also increase the level of risk-weighted assets on the firm's balance sheet, thereby increasing its capital requirements and funding costs, all of which could adversely affect the operations and profitability of the firm's businesses.
liquidity risk if jpmorgan chase does not effectively manage its liquidity, its business could suffer.
jpmorgan chase's liquidity is critical to its ability to operate its businesses. some potential conditions that could impair the firm's liquidity include markets that become illiquid or are otherwise experiencing disruption, unforeseen cash or capital requirements (including, among others, commitments that may be triggered to special purpose entities ("spes") or other entities), difficulty in selling or inability to sell assets, unforeseen outflows of cash or collateral, and lack of market or customer confidence in the firm or financial markets in general. these conditions may be caused by events over which the firm has little or no control. the widespread crisis in investor confidence and resulting liquidity crisis experienced in 2008 and into early 2009 increased the firm's cost of funding and limited its access to some of its traditional sources of liquidity (such as securitized debt offerings backed by mortgages, credit card receivables and other assets) during that time, and there is no assurance that these severe conditions could not occur in the future.
if the firm's access to stable and low cost sources of funding, such as bank deposits, is reduced, the firm may need to raise alternative funding which may be more expensive or of limited availability. in addition, regulations regarding the amount and types of securities that the firm may use to satisfy applicable liquidity coverage ratio and net stable funding ratio requirements may also affect the firm's cost of funding.
as a holding company, jpmorgan chase & co. relies on the earnings of its subsidiaries for its cash flow and, consequently, its ability to pay dividends and satisfy its debt and other obligations. these payments by subsidiaries may take the form of dividends, loans or other payments. several of jpmorgan chase & co.'s principal subsidiaries are subject to dividend distribution, capital adequacy or liquidity coverage requirements or other regulatory restrictions on their ability to provide such payments. limitations in the payments that jpmorgan chase & co. receives from its subsidiaries could reduce its ability to pay dividends and satisfy its debt and other obligations.
regulators in some countries in which the firm has operations have proposed legislation or regulations requiring large banks to conduct certain businesses through separate subsidiaries in those countries, and to maintain independent capital and liquidity for such subsidiaries. if adopted, these requirements could hinder the firm's ability to efficiently manage its funding and liquidity in a centralized manner.
reductions in jpmorgan chase's credit ratings may adversely affect its liquidity and cost of funding, as well as the value of debt obligations issued by the firm.
jpmorgan chase & co. and certain of its principal subsidiaries are currently rated by credit rating agencies. rating agencies evaluate both general and firm- and industry-specific factors when determining their credit ratings for a particular financial institution, including economic and geopolitical trends, regulatory developments, future profitability, risk management practices, legal expenses, assumptions surrounding government support and ratings differentials between bank holding companies and their bank subsidiaries. although the firm closely
part i monitors and manages, to the extent it is able, factors that could influence its credit ratings, there is no assurance that the firm's credit ratings will not be lowered in the future, or that any such downgrade would not occur at times of broader market instability when the firm's options for responding to events may be more limited and general investor confidence is low.
furthermore, a reduction in the firm's credit ratings could reduce the firm's access to capital markets, materially increase the cost of issuing securities, trigger additional collateral or funding requirements, and decrease the number of investors and counterparties willing or permitted, contractually or otherwise, to do business with or lend to the firm, thereby curtailing the firm's business operations and reducing its profitability. in addition, any such reduction in credit ratings may increase the credit spreads charged by the market for taking credit risk on jpmorgan chase & co. and its subsidiaries and, as a result, could adversely affect the value of debt and other obligations that jpmorgan chase & co. and its subsidiaries have issued or may issue in the future.
legal risk jpmorgan chase faces significant legal risks, both from regulatory investigations and proceedings and from private actions brought against the firm.
jpmorgan chase is named as a defendant or is otherwise involved in various legal proceedings, including class actions and other litigation or disputes with third parties. actions currently pending against the firm may result in judgments, settlements, fines, penalties or other results adverse to the firm, which could materially and adversely affect the firm's business, financial condition or results of operations, or cause serious reputational harm to the firm. as a participant in the financial services industry, it is likely that the firm will continue to experience a high level of litigation related to its businesses and operations.
in addition, and as noted above, the firm's businesses and operations are also subject to heightened regulatory oversight and scrutiny, which may lead to additional regulatory investigations or enforcement actions. as the regulators and other government agencies continue to examine the operations of the firm and its subsidiaries, there is no assurance that they will not pursue additional regulatory settlements or other enforcement actions against the firm in the future. a single event may give rise to numerous and overlapping investigations and proceedings, either by multiple federal and state agencies and officials in the u.s. or, in some instances, regulators and other governmental officials in non-u.s. jurisdictions. these and other initiatives from u.s. and non-u.s. governmental authorities and officials may subject the firm to further judgments, settlements, fines or penalties, or cause the firm to be required to restructure its operations and activities or to cease offering certain products or services, all of which could harm the firm's reputation or lead to higher operational costs, thereby reducing the firm's profitability.
other business risks jpmorgan chase's operations are subject to risk of loss from unfavorable economic, monetary and political developments in the u.s. and around the world.
jpmorgan chase's businesses and earnings are affected by the fiscal and other policies that are adopted by various u.s. and non-u.s. regulatory authorities and agencies. the federal reserve regulates the supply of money and credit in the u.s. and its policies determine in large part the cost of funds for lending and investing in the u.s. and the return earned on those loans and investments. changes in federal reserve policies (as well as the fiscal and monetary policies of non-u.s. central banks or regulatory authorities and agencies, such as "pegging" the exchange rate of their currency to the currencies of others) are beyond the firm's control and may be difficult to predict, and consequently, unanticipated changes in these policies could have a negative impact on the firm's activities and results of operations.
the firm's businesses and revenue are also subject to risks inherent in investing and market-making in securities, loans and other obligations of companies worldwide. these risks include, among others, negative effects from slowing growth rates or recessionary economic conditions, or the risk of loss from unfavorable political, legal or other developments, including social or political instability, in the countries in which such companies operate, as well as the other risks and considerations as described further below.
several of the firm's businesses engage in transactions with, or trade in obligations of, u.s. and non-u.s. governmental entities, including national, state, provincial, municipal and local authorities. these activities can expose the firm to enhanced sovereign, credit-related, operational and reputational risks, including the risks that a governmental entity may default on or restructure its obligations or may claim that actions taken by government officials were beyond the legal authority of those officials, which could adversely affect the firm's financial condition and results of operations.
further, various countries in which the firm operates or invests, or in which the firm may do so in the future, have in the past experienced severe economic disruptions particular to those countries or regions. the ongoing crisis in russia and impact of sanctions, coupled with sharp oil price declines, a potential slowdown in the macroeconomic prospects in china, and concerns about potential economic weaknesses in the eurozone (including the permanent resolution of the greek "bailout" program), could undermine investor confidence and affect the operating environment in 2015. in some cases, concerns regarding the fiscal condition of one or more countries can cause a contraction of available credit and reduced activity among trading partners or create market volatility that could lead to "market contagion" affecting other countries in the same
region or beyond the region. accordingly, it is possible that economic disruptions in certain countries, even in countries in which the firm does not conduct business or have operations or engages in only limited activities, will adversely affect the firm.
jpmorgan chase's operations in emerging markets may be hindered by local political, social and economic factors, and will be subject to additional compliance costs and risks.
some of the countries in which jpmorgan chase conducts its wholesale businesses have economies or markets that are less developed and more volatile, and may have legal and regulatory regimes that are less established or predictable, than the u.s. and other developed markets in which the firm currently operates. some of these countries have in the past experienced severe economic disruptions, including extreme currency fluctuations, high inflation, or low or negative growth, among other negative conditions, or have imposed restrictive monetary policies such as currency exchange controls and other laws and restrictions that adversely affect the local and regional business environment. in addition, these countries have historically been more susceptible to unfavorable political, social or economic developments which have in the past resulted in, and may in the future lead to, social unrest, general strikes and demonstrations, outbreaks of hostilities, overthrow of incumbent governments, terrorist attacks or other forms of internal discord, all of which can adversely affect the firm's operations or investments in such countries. political, social or economic disruption or dislocation in certain countries or regions in which the firm conducts its wholesale businesses can hinder the growth and profitability of those operations.
less developed legal and regulatory systems in certain countries can also have adverse consequences on the firm's operations in those countries, including, among others, the absence of a statutory or regulatory basis or guidance for engaging in specific types of business or transactions; the promulgation of conflicting or ambiguous laws and regulations or the inconsistent application or interpretation of existing laws and regulations; uncertainty as to the enforceability of contractual obligations; difficulty in competing in economies in which the government controls or protects all or a portion of the local economy or specific businesses, or where graft or corruption may be pervasive; and the threat of arbitrary regulatory investigations, civil litigations or criminal prosecutions.
revenue from international operations and trading in non-u.s. securities and other obligations may be subject to negative fluctuations as a result of the above considerations, as well as due to governmental actions including expropriation, nationalization, confiscation of assets, price controls, capital controls, exchange controls, and changes in laws and regulations. the impact of these fluctuations could be accentuated as some trading markets are smaller, less liquid and more volatile than larger markets. also, any of the above-mentioned events or circumstances in one country can affect, and in the past conditions of these types have affected, the firm's operations and investments in another country or countries, including the firm's operations in the u.s. as a result, any such unfavorable conditions or developments could have an adverse impact on the firm's business and results of operations.
conducting business in countries with less developed legal and regulatory regimes often requires the firm to devote significant additional resources to understanding, and monitoring changes in, local laws and regulations, as well as structuring its operations to comply with local laws and regulations and implementing and administering related internal policies and procedures. there can be no assurance that the firm will always be successful in its efforts to conduct its business in compliance with laws and regulations in countries with less predictable legal and regulatory systems. in addition, the firm can also incur higher costs, and face greater compliance risks, in structuring and operating its businesses outside the u.s. to comply with u.s. anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws and regulations.
jpmorgan chase relies on the integrity of its operating systems and employees, and those of third parties, and certain failures of such systems or misconduct by such employees could materially and adversely affect the firm's operations.
jpmorgan chase's businesses are dependent on the firm's ability to process, record and monitor an increasingly large number of complex transactions and to do so on a faster and more frequent basis. the firm's front- and back-office trading systems similarly rely on their access to, and on the functionality of, the operating systems maintained by third parties such as clearing and payment systems, central counterparties, securities exchanges and data processing and technology companies. if the firm's financial, accounting, trading or other data processing systems, or the operating systems of third parties on which the firm's businesses are dependent, are unable to meet these increasingly demanding standards, or if they fail or have other significant shortcomings, the firm could be materially and adversely affected. the firm is similarly dependent on its employees. the firm could be materially and adversely affected if one or more of its employees causes a significant operational breakdown or failure, either as a result of human error or where an individual purposefully sabotages or fraudulently manipulates the firm's operations or systems. in addition, when the firm changes processes or introduces new products and services and new remote connectivity solutions (including internet and mobile banking services), the firm may not fully appreciate or identify new operational risks that may arise from such changes. any of these occurrences could diminish the firm's ability to operate one or more of its businesses, or result in potential liability to clients and customers, increased operating expenses, higher litigation costs (including fines and sanctions), reputational damage, regulatory
part i intervention or weaker competitive standing, any of which could materially and adversely affect the firm.
third parties with which the firm does business, as well as retailers and other third parties with which the firm's customers do business, can also be sources of operational risk to the firm, particularly where activities of customers are beyond the firm's security and control systems, such as through the use of the internet, personal smart phones and other mobile services. security breaches affecting the firm's customers, or systems breakdowns or failures, security breaches or employee misconduct affecting such other third parties, may require the firm to take steps to protect the integrity of its own operational systems or to safeguard confidential information of the firm or its customers, thereby increasing the firm's operational costs and potentially diminish customer satisfaction.
if personal, confidential or proprietary information of customers or clients in the firm's possession were to be mishandled or misused, the firm could suffer significant regulatory consequences, reputational damage and financial loss. such mishandling or misuse could include circumstances where, for example, such information was erroneously provided to parties who are not permitted to have the information, either through the fault of the firm's systems, employees or counterparties, or where such information was intercepted or otherwise compromised by third parties.
the firm may be subject to disruptions of its operating systems arising from events that are wholly or partially beyond the firm's control, which may include, for example, security breaches (as discussed further below); electrical or telecommunications outages; failures of computer servers or other damage to the firm's property or assets; natural disasters or severe weather conditions; health emergencies or pandemics; or events arising from local or larger-scale political events, including outbreaks of hostilities or terrorist acts. jpmorgan chase maintains a global resiliency and crisis management program that is intended to ensure that the firm has the ability to recover its critical business functions and supporting assets, including staff, technology and facilities, in the event of a business interruption. while the firm believes that its current resiliency plans are both sufficient and adequate, there can be no assurance that such plans will fully mitigate all potential business continuity risks to the firm or its customers and clients. any failures or disruptions of the firm's systems or operations could give rise to losses in service to customers and clients, adversely affect the firm's business and results of operations by subjecting the firm to losses or liability, or require the firm to expend significant resources to correct the failure or disruption, as well as by exposing the firm to litigation, regulatory fines or penalties or losses not covered by insurance.
a breach in the security of jpmorgan chase's systems could disrupt its businesses, result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage its reputation and create significant financial and legal exposure for the firm.
although jpmorgan chase devotes significant resources to maintain and regularly update its systems and processes that are designed to protect the security of the firm's computer systems, software, networks and other technology assets and the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information belonging to the firm and its customers and clients, there is no assurance that all of the firm's security measures will provide absolute security. jpmorgan chase and other companies have reported significant breaches in the security of their websites or other systems, some of which have involved sophisticated and targeted attacks intended to obtain unauthorized access to confidential information, destroy data, disrupt or degrade service, sabotage systems or cause other damage, including through the introduction of computer viruses or malware, cyberattacks and other means. a cyberattack against the firm in 2014 resulted in customer and internal data of the firm being compromised. the firm is regularly targeted by unauthorized parties using malicious code and viruses, and has also experienced several significant distributed denial-of-service attacks from technically sophisticated and well-resourced third parties which were intended to disrupt online banking services.
despite the firm's efforts to ensure the integrity of its systems, it is possible that the firm may not be able to anticipate, detect or recognize threats to its systems or to implement effective preventive measures against all security breaches of these types, especially because the techniques used change frequently or are not recognized until launched, and because cyberattacks can originate from a wide variety of sources, including third parties outside the firm such as persons who are associated with external service providers or who are or may be involved in organized crime or linked to terrorist organizations or hostile foreign governments. those parties may also attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers, third-party service providers or other users of the firm's systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to the firm's data or that of its customers or clients. these risks may increase in the future as the firm continues to increase its mobile-payment and other internet-based product offerings and expands its internal usage of web-based products and applications.
a successful penetration or circumvention of the security of the firm's systems could cause serious negative consequences for the firm, including significant disruption of the firm's operations, misappropriation of confidential information of the firm or that of its customers, or damage to computers or systems of the firm and those of its customers and counterparties, and could result in violations of applicable privacy and other laws, financial loss to the firm or to its customers, loss of confidence in the firm's security measures, customer dissatisfaction, significant litigation exposure and harm to the firm's reputation, all of which could have a material adverse effect on the firm.
risk management jpmorgan chase's framework for managing risks and its risk management procedures and practices may not be effective in identifying and mitigating every risk to the firm, thereby resulting in losses.
jpmorgan chase's risk management framework seeks to mitigate risk and loss to the firm. the firm has established processes and procedures intended to identify, measure, monitor, report and analyze the types of risk to which the firm is subject. however, as with any risk management framework, there are inherent limitations to the firm's risk management strategies because there may exist, or develop in the future, risks that the firm has not appropriately anticipated or identified. any lapse in the firm's risk management framework and governance structure or other inadequacies in the design or implementation of the firm's risk management framework, governance, procedures or practices could, individually or in the aggregate, cause unexpected losses for the firm, materially and adversely affect the firm's financial condition and results of operations, require significant resources to remediate any risk management deficiency, attract heightened regulatory scrutiny, expose the firm to regulatory investigations or legal proceedings, subject the firm to fines, penalties or judgments, harm the firm's reputation, or otherwise cause a decline in investor confidence.
the firm's products, including loans, leases, lending commitments, derivatives, trading account assets and assets held-for-sale, as well as cash management and clearing activities, expose the firm to credit risk. as one of the nation's largest lenders, the firm has exposures arising from its many different products and counterparties, and the credit quality of the firm's exposures can have a significant impact on its earnings. the firm establishes allowances for probable credit losses inherent in its credit exposure, including unfunded lending-related commitments. the firm also employs stress testing and other techniques to determine the capital and liquidity necessary to protect the firm in the event of adverse economic or market events. these processes are critical to the firm's financial results and condition, and require difficult, subjective and complex judgments, including forecasts of how economic conditions might impair the ability of the firm's borrowers and counterparties to repay their loans or other obligations. as is the case with any such assessments, there is always the possibility that the firm will fail to identify the proper factors or that the firm will fail to accurately estimate the impact of factors that it identifies.
jpmorgan chase's market-making businesses may expose the firm to unexpected market, credit and operational risks that could cause the firm to suffer unexpected losses. severe declines in asset values, unanticipated credit events, or unforeseen circumstances that may cause previously uncorrelated factors to become correlated (and vice versa) may create losses resulting from risks not appropriately taken into account in the development, structuring or pricing of a financial instrument such as a derivative. certain of the firm's derivative transactions require the physical settlement by delivery of securities or other obligations that the firm does not own; if the firm is unable to obtain such securities or obligations within the required timeframe for delivery, this could cause the firm to forfeit payments otherwise due to it and could result in settlement delays, which could damage the firm's reputation and ability to transact future business. in addition, in situations where trades are not settled or confirmed on a timely basis, the firm may be subject to heightened credit and operational risk, and in the event of a default, the firm may be exposed to market and operational losses. in particular, disputes regarding the terms or the settlement procedures of derivative contracts could arise, which could force the firm to incur unexpected costs, including transaction, legal and litigation costs, and impair the firm's ability to manage effectively its risk exposure from these products.
in a difficult or less liquid market environment, the firm's risk management strategies may not be effective because other market participants may be attempting to use the same or similar strategies to deal with the challenging market conditions. in such circumstances, it may be difficult for the firm to reduce its risk positions due to the activity of such other market participants.
many of the firm's risk management strategies or techniques have a basis in historical market behavior, and all such strategies and techniques are based to some degree on management's subjective judgment. for example, many models used by the firm are based on assumptions regarding correlations among prices of various asset classes or other market indicators. in times of market stress, or in the event of other unforeseen circumstances, previously uncorrelated indicators may become correlated, or conversely, previously correlated indicators may make unrelated movements. these sudden market movements or unanticipated or unidentified market or economic movements have in some circumstances limited and could again limit the effectiveness of the firm's risk management strategies, causing the firm to incur losses.
many of the models used by the firm are subject to review not only by the firm's model risk function but also by the firm's regulators in order that the firm may utilize such models in connection with the firm's calculations of market risk risk-weighted assets ("rwa"), credit risk rwa and operational risk rwa under the advanced approach of basel iii. the firm may be subject to higher capital charges, which could adversely affect its financial results or limit its ability to expand its businesses, if such models do not receive approval by its regulators.
in addition, the firm must comply with enhanced standards for the assessment and management of risks associated with vendors and other third parties that provide services to the firm. these requirements apply to the firm both under general guidance issued by its banking regulators and, more specifically, under certain of the consent orders to which the firm is subject. the firm has incurred and expects to
part i incur additional costs and expenses in connection with its initiatives to address the risks associated with oversight of its third party relationships. failure by the firm to appropriately assess and manage third party relationships, especially those involving significant banking functions, shared services or other critical activities, could result in potential liability to clients and customers, fines, penalties or judgments imposed by the firm's regulators, increased operating expenses and harm to the firm's reputation, any of which could materially and adversely affect the firm.
lapses in disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting could materially and adversely affect the firm's operations, profitability or reputation.
there can be no assurance that the firm's disclosure controls and procedures will be effective in every circumstance or that a material weakness or significant deficiency in internal control over financial reporting will not occur. any such lapses or deficiencies may materially and adversely affect the firm's business and results of operations or financial condition, restrict its ability to access the capital markets, require the firm to expend significant resources to correct the lapses or deficiencies, expose the firm to regulatory or legal proceedings, subject it to fines, penalties or judgments, harm the firm's reputation, or otherwise cause a decline in investor confidence.
other risks the financial services industry is highly competitive, and jpmorgan chase's inability to compete successfully may adversely affect its results of operations.
jpmorgan chase operates in a highly competitive environment, and the firm expects that competition in the u.s. and global financial services industry will continue to be intense. competitors of the firm include other banks, brokerage firms, investment banking companies, merchant banks, hedge funds, commodity trading companies, private equity firms, insurance companies, mutual fund companies, investment managers, credit card companies, mortgage banking companies, trust companies, securities processing companies, automobile financing companies, leasing companies, e-commerce and other internet-based companies, and a variety of other financial services and advisory companies. technological advances and the growth of e-commerce have made it possible for non-depository institutions to offer products and services that traditionally were banking products, and for financial institutions and other companies to provide electronic and internet-based financial solutions, including electronic securities trading and payment processing. the firm's businesses generally compete on the basis of the quality and variety of the firm's products and services, transaction execution, innovation, reputation and price. ongoing or increased competition in any one or all of these areas may put downward pressure on prices for the firm's products and services or may cause the firm to lose market share. increased competition also may require the firm to make additional capital investments in its businesses in order to remain competitive. these investments may increase expense or may require the firm to extend more of its capital on behalf of clients in order to execute larger, more competitive transactions. the firm cannot provide assurance that the significant competition in the financial services industry will not materially and adversely affect its future results of operations.
competitors of the firm's non-u.s. wholesale businesses are typically subject to different, and in some cases, less stringent, legislative and regulatory regimes. for example, the regulatory objectives underlying several provisions of the dodd-frank act, including the prohibition on proprietary trading under the volcker rule, have not been embraced by governments and regulatory agencies outside the u.s. and may not be implemented into law in most countries. the more restrictive laws and regulations applicable to u.s. financial services institutions, such as jpmorgan chase, can put the firm at a competitive disadvantage to its non-u.s. competitors, including prohibiting the firm from engaging in certain transactions, imposing higher capital requirements on the firm, making the firm's pricing of certain transactions more expensive for clients or adversely affecting the firm's cost structure for providing certain products, all of which can reduce the revenue and profitability of the firm's wholesale businesses.
jpmorgan chase's ability to attract and retain qualified employees is critical to its success.
jpmorgan chase's employees are the firm's most important resource, and in many areas of the financial services industry, competition for qualified personnel is intense. the firm endeavors to attract talented and diverse new employees and retain and motivate its existing employees. the firm also seeks to retain a pipeline of senior employees with superior talent, augmented from time to time by external hires, to provide continuity of succession for the firm's operating committee, including the chief executive officer position, and senior positions below the operating committee. the firm regularly reviews candidates for senior management positions to assess whether they currently are ready for a next-level role. in addition, the firm's board of directors is deeply involved in succession planning, including review of the succession plans for the chief executive officer and the members of the operating committee. if for any reason the firm were unable to continue to attract or retain qualified employees, including successors to the chief executive officer or members of the operating committee, the firm's performance, including its competitive position, could be materially and adversely affected.
jpmorgan chase's financial statements are based in part on assumptions and estimates which, if incorrect, could cause unexpected losses in the future.
under accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s. ("u.s. gaap"), jpmorgan chase is required to use certain assumptions and estimates in preparing its financial
statements, including in determining allowances for credit losses and reserves related to litigation, among other items. certain of the firm's financial instruments, including trading assets and liabilities, available-for-sale securities, certain loans, msrs, structured notes and certain repurchase and resale agreements, among other items, require a determination of their fair value in order to prepare the firm's financial statements. where quoted market prices are not available, the firm may make fair value determinations based on internally developed models or other means which ultimately rely to some degree on management estimates and judgment. in addition, sudden illiquidity in markets or declines in prices of certain loans and securities may make it more difficult to value certain balance sheet items, which may lead to the possibility that such valuations will be subject to further change or adjustment. if assumptions or estimates underlying the firm's financial statements are incorrect, the firm may experience material losses.
damage to jpmorgan chase's reputation could damage its businesses.
maintaining trust in jpmorgan chase is critical to the firm's ability to attract and maintain customers, investors and employees. damage to the firm's reputation can therefore cause significant harm to the firm's business and prospects. harm to the firm's reputation can arise from numerous sources, including, among others, employee misconduct, security breaches, compliance failures, litigation or regulatory outcomes or governmental investigations. the firm's reputation could also be harmed by the failure of an affiliate, joint-venturer or merchant banking portfolio company, or a vendor or other third party with which the firm does business, to comply with laws or regulations. in addition, a failure or perceived failure to deliver appropriate standards of service and quality, to treat customers and clients fairly, or to handle or use confidential information of customers or clients appropriately or in compliance with applicable privacy laws and regulations can result in customer dissatisfaction, litigation and heightened regulatory scrutiny, all of which can lead to lost revenue, higher operating costs and harm to the firm's reputation. adverse publicity or negative information posted on social media websites regarding the firm, whether or not true, may result in harm to the firm's prospects. actions by the financial services industry generally or by certain members of or individuals in the industry can also affect the firm's reputation. for example, the role played by financial services firms during the financial crisis, including concerns that consumers have been treated unfairly by financial institutions, has damaged the reputation of the industry as a whole. should any of these or other events or factors that can undermine the firm's reputation occur, there is no assurance that the additional costs and expenses that the firm may need to incur to address the issues giving rise to the reputational harm could not adversely affect the firm's earnings and results of operations, or that damage to the firm's reputation will not impair the firm's ability to retain its existing or attract new customers, investors and employees.
management of potential conflicts of interests has become increasingly complex as the firm continues to expand its business activities through more numerous transactions, obligations and interests with and among the firm's clients. the failure or perceived failure to adequately address conflicts of interest could affect the willingness of clients to deal with the firm, or give rise to litigation or enforcement actions, as well as cause serious reputational harm to the firm.
item 7: management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, entitled "management's discussion and analysis," appears on pages 64-169. such information should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto, which appear on pages 172-306.