item 1a.   risk factors in addition to the other information contained in this form 10-k, the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating our company. it is possible that our business, financial condition, liquidity, or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks.
•   pharmaceutical research and development is very costly and highly uncertain; we may not succeed in developing or acquiring commercially successful products sufficient in number or value to replace revenues of products losing intellectual property protection.
there are many difficulties and uncertainties inherent in human pharmaceutical research and development and the introduction of new products. there is a high rate of failure inherent in new drug discovery and development. to bring a drug from the discovery phase to market typically takes over a decade and often costs well in excess of $1 billion. failure can occur at any point in the process, including late in the process after substantial investment. as a result, most funds invested in research programs will not generate financial returns. new product candidates that appear promising in development may fail to reach the market or may have only limited commercial success because of efficacy or safety concerns, inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals or payer reimbursement, limited scope of approved uses, difficulty or excessive costs to manufacture, or infringement of the patents or intellectual property rights of others. regulatory agencies are establishing increasingly high hurdles for the efficacy and safety of new products; delays and uncertainties in drug approval processes can result in delays in product launches and lost market opportunity. in addition, it can be very difficult to predict sales growth rates of new products.
we cannot state with certainty when or whether our products now under development will be approved or launched; whether we will be able to develop, license or otherwise acquire additional product candidates or products; or whether our products, once launched, will be commercially successful. we must maintain a continuous flow of successful new products and successful new indications or brand extensions for existing products sufficient both to cover our substantial research and development costs and to replace sales that are lost as profitable products lose intellectual property exclusivity or are displaced by competing products or therapies. failure to do so in the short-term or long-term would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial position and prospects.
we compete with a large number of multinational pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, and generic pharmaceutical companies. to compete successfully, we must continue to deliver to the market innovative, cost-effective products that meet important medical needs. our product revenues can be adversely affected by the introduction by competitors of branded products that are perceived as superior by the marketplace, by generic or biosimilar versions of our branded products, and by generic or biosimilar versions of other products in the same therapeutic class as our branded products. our revenues can also be adversely affected by treatment innovations that eliminate or minimize the need for treatment with drugs. see item 1, "business-competition," for more details.
•   we depend on products with intellectual property protection for most of our revenues, cash flows, and earnings; we have lost or will lose effective intellectual property protection for many of those products in the next several years, which may result in rapid and severe declines in revenues.
a number of our top-selling human pharmaceutical products have recently lost, or will lose in the next several years, significant patent protection and/or data protection in the united states (u.s.) as well as key countries outside the u.s., as illustrated in the tables below:
product          u.s. revenues(2014)($ in millions)   percent of worldwide revenues(2014)   patent / data protection - u.s.
product          revenues outside u.s.(2014)($ in millions)   percent of worldwide revenues(2014)   patent / data protection - major europe / japan alimta                            $1,562.5                                                     8%   major european countries: compound patent december 2015, vitamin dosage regimen patent 2021japan: compound patent december 2015, use patent to treat cancer concomitantly with vitamins 2021
cialis                             1,251.1                                                     6%   major european countries: compound patent 2017
cymbalta                           1,194.2                                                     6%   major european countries: data package protection 2014 japan: data package protection 2018
certain other significant products no longer have effective exclusivity through patent protection or data protection. for non-biological products, loss of exclusivity (whether by expiration or as a consequence of litigation) typically results in the entry of one or more generic competitors, leading to a rapid and severe decline in revenues. for biological products (such as humalog, humulin, and erbitux), loss of exclusivity may or may not result in the near-term entry of competitor versions (i.e., biosimilars) due to development timelines, manufacturing challenges, and/or uncertainties in the regulatory pathways for approval of the competitor versions. see item 7, "management's discussion and analysis-executive overview-other matters," and item 1, "business-patents, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights," for more details.
•   our long-term success depends on intellectual property protection; if our intellectual property rights are invalidated, circumvented, or weakened, our business will be adversely affected.
our long-term success depends on our ability to continually discover, develop, and commercialize innovative new pharmaceutical products. without strong intellectual property protection, we would be unable to generate the returns necessary to support the enormous investments in research and development and capital as well as other expenditures required to bring new drugs to the market.
intellectual property protection varies throughout the world and is subject to change over time. in the u.s., the hatch-waxman act provides generic companies powerful incentives to seek to invalidate our human pharmaceutical patents; as a result, we expect that our u.s. patents on major pharmaceutical products will be routinely challenged, and there can be no assurance that our patents will be upheld. we face generic manufacturer challenges to our patents outside the u.s. as well. the entry of generic competitors typically results in rapid and severe declines in sales. in addition, competitors or other third parties may claim that our activities infringe patents or other intellectual property rights held by them. if successful, such claims could result in our being unable to market a product in a particular territory or being required to pay damages for past infringement or royalties on future sales. see item 1, "business-patents, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights," item 3, "legal proceedings," and item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data-note 15, contingencies," for more details.
•   our human pharmaceutical business is subject to increasing government price controls and other public and private restrictions on pricing, reimbursement, and access for our drugs.
in the u.s., prices for specialty and brand name pharmaceuticals, congressional investigations into manufacturer's pricing policies, and the federal budget process continue to drive legislative debate. these policy and political issues increase the risk that taxes, fees, rebates or other federal measures may be enacted. as a result, pharmaceutical companies may see either a reduction in revenue or increase in expenses. president obama's fiscal year 2016 budget includes a number of key health legislative proposals affecting biopharmaceuticals, including a reduction in biologic data exclusivity, modifications to medicare parts b and d, and new language that would allow the department of health and human services to negotiate prices for biologics and drugs on the specialty tier in part d. savings projected under these proposals are targeted as a means to fund health care expenditures, such as the medicare sustainable growth rate, and non-health care expenditures. state and federal health care proposals, including price controls, continue to be debated, and if implemented could negatively affect future consolidated results of operations.
in the u.s. private sector, the growth of managed care organizations (mcos) is also a major factor in the competitive marketplace for human pharmaceuticals. it is estimated that approximately two-thirds of the u.s. now participates in some form of managed care. mcos have been consolidating into fewer, larger entities, thus enhancing their purchasing strength and importance. mcos typically maintain formularies specifying which drugs are covered under their plans. exclusion of a drug from a formulary can lead to its sharply reduced usage in the mco patient population. consequently, pharmaceutical companies compete aggressively to have their branded products included. price is becoming an increasingly important factor in mco formulary decisions, particularly in treatment areas in which the mco has taken the position that multiple branded products are therapeutically comparable. these downward pricing pressures could negatively affect future consolidated results of operations.
international operations also are generally subject to extensive price and market regulations. cost-containment measures exist in a number of countries, including additional price controls and mechanisms to limit reimbursement for our products. such policies are expected to increase in impact and reach, given the pressures on national and regional health care budgets that come from a growing aging population and ongoing economic challenges. in addition, governments in many emerging markets are becoming increasingly active in expanding health care system offerings. given the budget challenges of increasing health care coverage for citizens, policies may be proposed that promote generics only and reduce current and future access to human pharmaceutical products.
we expect pricing, reimbursement, and access pressures from both governments and private payers inside and outside the u.s. to become more severe. see item i, "business-regulations affecting human pharmaceutical pricing, reimbursement, and access," for more details.
•   unanticipated changes in our tax rates or exposure to additional tax liabilities could increase our income taxes and decrease our net income.
we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. changes in the relevant tax laws, regulations, administrative practices, principles, and interpretations could adversely affect our future effective tax rates and results of operations. the u.s. and a number of other countries are actively considering changes in this regard. the obama administration has proposed changes to the manner in which the u.s. would tax the international income of u.s.-based companies, including unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries. there have also been tax proposals under discussion or introduced in the u.s. congress that could change the manner in which, and rate at which, income of u.s. companies would be taxed. while it is uncertain how the u.s. congress may address u.s. tax policy matters in the future, reform of u.s. taxation, including taxation of international income, will continue to be a topic of discussion for the u.s. congress and the obama administration. additionally, the organisation for economic co-operation and development launched and continues to advance an initiative to analyze and potentially influence international tax policy in major countries in which we operate. a significant change to the u.s. or international tax framework, including changes to the taxation of international income, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. see item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data-note 13, income taxes," for more details.
•   changes in foreign currency rates can significantly affect our revenue and income.
as a global company with substantial operations outside the u.s., we face foreign currency risk exposure from fluctuating currency exchange rates, primarily the u.s. dollar against the euro, chinese yuan, and the japanese yen, and the british pound against the euro. while we manage a portion of these exposures through hedging and other risk management techniques, significant fluctuations in currency rates can have a substantial impact, either positive or negative, on our revenue, cost of sales, and operating expenses.
the marketing, promotional, and pricing practices of human pharmaceutical manufacturers, as well as the manner in which manufacturers interact with purchasers, prescribers, and patients, are subject to extensive regulation. many companies, including lilly, have been subject to claims related to these practices asserted by federal, state and foreign governmental authorities, private payers, and consumers. these claims have resulted in substantial expense and other significant consequences to us. it is possible that we could become subject to such investigations and that the outcome could include criminal charges and fines, penalties, or other monetary or non-monetary remedies, including exclusion from u.s. federal and other health care programs. in addition, regulatory issues concerning compliance with current good manufacturing practices regulations (and comparable foreign regulations) for pharmaceutical products can lead to product recalls and seizures, interruption of production leading to product shortages, and delays in the approvals of new products pending resolution of the issues. see item 1, "business-regulation of our operations," for more details.
•   pharmaceutical products can develop unexpected safety or efficacy concerns, which could have a material adverse effect on revenues and income.
human pharmaceutical products receive regulatory approval based on data obtained in controlled clinical trials of limited duration. after approval, the products are used for longer periods of time by much larger numbers of patients; we and others (including regulatory agencies and private payers) collect extensive information on the efficacy and safety of our marketed products by continuously monitoring the use of our products in the marketplace. in addition, we or others may conduct post-marketing clinical studies on efficacy and safety of our marketed products. new safety or efficacy data from both market surveillance and post-marketing clinical studies may result in product label changes that could reduce the product's market acceptance and result in declining sales. serious safety or efficacy issues that arise after approval for marketing could result in voluntary or mandatory product recalls or withdrawals from the market. safety issues could also result in costly product liability claims.
•   we face many product liability claims and are self-insured; we could face large numbers of claims in the future, which could adversely affect our business.
we are subject to a substantial number of product liability claims involving primarily byetta®, prozac, and actos®. see item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data-note 15, contingencies," and item 3, "legal proceedings," for more information on our current product liability litigation. because of the nature of pharmaceutical products, we could become subject to large numbers of product liability claims for these or
other products in the future, which could require substantial expenditures to resolve and, if involving marketed products, could adversely affect sales of the product. due to a very restrictive market for product liability insurance, we are self-insured for product liability losses for all our currently marketed products.
•   manufacturing difficulties or disruptions could lead to product supply problems.
pharmaceutical manufacturing is complex and highly regulated. manufacturing difficulties at our facilities or contracted facilities, or the failure or refusal of a contract manufacturer to supply contracted quantities, could result in product shortages, leading to lost revenue. such difficulties or disruptions could result from quality or regulatory compliance problems, natural disasters, or inability to obtain sole-source raw or intermediate materials. in addition, given the difficulties in predicting sales of new products and the very long lead times necessary for the expansion and regulatory qualification of pharmaceutical manufacturing capacity, it is possible that we could have difficulty meeting demand for new products. see item 1, "business-raw materials and product supply," for more details.
•   we depend on information technology systems and infrastructure to operate our business; system inadequacies or operating failures could harm our business.
we rely to a large extent on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of complex information technology systems and networks, some of which are within the company and some of which are outsourced. these systems and networks are potentially vulnerable to damage or interruption from a variety of sources, including energy or telecommunications failures, breakdowns, natural disasters, terrorism, war, computer malware or other malicious intrusions, and random attacks. to date, system interruptions have been infrequent and have not had a material impact on our consolidated results of operations. we have implemented extensive measures to prevent, respond to, and minimize the impact of system interruptions. however, there can be no assurance that these efforts will prevent future interruptions that would have a material adverse effect on our business.
•   the loss, theft, or inadvertent disclosure of our confidential data could impair our valuable intellectual property, harm our competitive position, and expose us to regulatory penalties and other costs.
a great deal of confidential information owned by both lilly and our alliances is stored in our information systems, networks, and facilities at third parties. this includes valuable trade secrets and intellectual property, corporate strategic plans, marketing plans, customer information, and personally identifiable information (such as employee and patient information). some of this information is created, accessed, and/or maintained by third parties. the confidentiality of this information may be breached in a variety of ways, including but not limited to negligent or wrongful conduct by employees or others with permitted access to our systems and data, or wrongful conduct by certain governments, hackers, unethical competitors, or former workforce members. the rapid growth of social media exacerbates the risk of information security breaches.
the theft or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information could impair our ability to secure and maintain intellectual property rights, cause damage to company operations and reputation, and cause us to lose other competitive advantages. unauthorized disclosure of personally identifiable information could expose us to sanctions for violations of data privacy laws and regulations and could damage the public trust in our company. information security breaches may be very difficult to detect, and once detected, their impact may be very difficult to assess. to date, the information security breaches of which we have become aware have been infrequent in occurrence and, to the extent we have been able to measure their financial impact on our consolidated results of operations, such impact has not been material. we have invested and continue to invest to prevent, monitor, detect, and respond to information security breaches by strengthening our employee awareness and training, information technology systems, and business processes, and strengthening data protection requirements for third parties that handle our confidential information. however, despite these efforts, we expect information security breaches to continue, and there can be no assurance that these efforts will prevent information security breaches that would have a material adverse effect on our business.
•   reliance on third-party relationships and outsourcing arrangements could adversely affect our business.
we utilize third parties, including suppliers, alliances with other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, and third-party service providers, for selected aspects of product development, the manufacture and commercialization of certain products, support for information technology systems, and certain financial
transactional processes. for example, we outsource the day-to-day management and oversight of our clinical trials to contract research organizations. outsourcing these functions involves the risk that the third parties may not perform to our standards or legal requirements, may not produce reliable results, may not perform in a timely manner, may not maintain the confidentiality of our proprietary information, or may fail to perform at all. failure of these third parties to meet their contractual, regulatory, confidentiality, or other obligations to us could have a material adverse effect on our business.
•   our animal health segment faces risks related to increased generic competition, food and animal safety concerns, factors affecting global agricultural markets, and other risks.
the animal health operating segment may be impacted by, among other things, increased generic competition; increased sales of companion animal products by non-veterinarian retail outlets; emerging restrictions and bans on the use of antibacterials in food-producing animals; perceived adverse effects on human health linked to the consumption of food derived from animals that utilize our products; increased regulation or decreased governmental support relating to the raising, processing, or consumption of food-producing animals; an outbreak of infectious disease carried by animals; adverse weather conditions and the availability of natural resources; adverse global economic conditions affecting agricultural markets; and failure of the research and development, acquisition, and licensing efforts to generate new products. the failure to manage these risks could have a material adverse effect on our revenues.
•   integration of the newly-acquired novartis animal health business could be disruptive to operations, and if not done properly, could lead to a failure to achieve the intended benefits of the acquisition.
we are in the process of integrating into our operations the novartis animal health business, which we purchased in january 2015. this global integration is complex and potentially disruptive to the ongoing operations of both the ongoing elanco business and the acquired novartis business. unexpected delays and difficulties in integrating the two businesses could lead to additional expenses, failure to achieve expected operating efficiencies and sales synergies, and disruption to ongoing operating results.
•   worsening economic conditions could adversely affect our business and operating results.
while human pharmaceuticals have not generally been sensitive to overall economic cycles, prolonged economic slowdowns could lead to decreased utilization of drugs, affecting our sales volume. declining tax revenues attributable to economic downturns increase the pressure on governments to reduce health care spending, leading to increasing government efforts to control drug prices and utilization. additionally, some customers, including governments or other entities reliant upon government funding, may be unable to pay in a timely manner for our products. also, if our customers, suppliers, or collaboration partners experience financial difficulties, we could experience slower customer collections, greater bad debt expense, and performance defaults by suppliers or collaboration partners.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition results of operations executive overview this section provides an overview of our financial results, recent product and late-stage pipeline developments, and other matters affecting our company and the pharmaceutical industry. earnings per share (eps) data are presented on a diluted basis.
financial results worldwide total revenue decreased 15 percent to $19.62 billion in 2014, primarily as a result of the loss of united states (u.s.) patent exclusivity for cymbalta® in december 2013 and to a lesser extent evista® in march 2014, partially offset by volume growth in several other products. in 2014, net income decreased 49 percent to $2.39 billion and eps decreased 48 percent to $2.23, compared to 2013 net income and eps of $4.68 billion and $4.32, respectively. the decreases were due to lower gross margin, higher asset impairment, restructuring, and other special charges and decreased other income, partially offset by lower marketing, selling, and administrative expenses, research and development expenses, and income tax expense.
the following highlighted items affect comparisons of our 2014 and 2013 financial results:
acquired in-process research & development (ipr&d) (notes 3 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements)
•   we recognized acquired ipr&amp;d charges of $200.2 million (pretax), or $0.12 per share, related to acquired ipr&amp;d from collaboration agreements with adocia, astrazeneca uk limited, boehringer ingelheim, and immunocore limited.
collaborations (note 4 to the consolidated financial statements)
•   we recognized income of $92.0 million (pretax), or $0.06 per share, related to the transfer of our linagliptin and empagliflozin commercial rights in certain countries to boehringer ingelheim.
asset impairment, restructuring, and other special charges (note 5 to the consolidated financial statements)
•   we recognized charges of $468.7 million (pretax), or $0.38 per share, related to severance costs associated with our ongoing cost containment efforts to reduce our cost structure and global workforce and asset impairments primarily associated with the closure of a manufacturing site in puerto rico.
•   we recognized a marketing, selling, and administrative expense of $119.0 million (non-tax deductible), or $0.11 per share, for an extra year of the u.s. branded prescription drug fee (u.s. drug fee) due to final regulations issued by the internal revenue service (irs) which required us to accelerate into 2014 the recording of an expense for the 2015 fee.
acquired ipr&d (note 3 to the consolidated financial statements)
•   we recognized acquired ipr&amp;d charges of $57.1 million (pretax), or $0.03 per share, resulting from our acquisition of rights for a calcitonin gene-related peptide (cgrp) antibody currently being studied as a potential treatment for the prevention of frequent, recurrent migraine headaches, following a successful phase ii proof-of-concept study.
collaborations (note 4 to the consolidated financial statements)
•   we recognized income of $495.4 million (pretax), or $0.29 per share, related to the transfer to amylin pharmaceuticals, inc. (amylin) of exenatide commercial rights in all markets outside the united states.
asset impairment, restructuring, and other special charges (note 5 to the consolidated financial statements)
•   we recognized charges of $120.6 million (pretax), or $0.08 per share, primarily related to severance costs for actions taken to reduce our cost structure and global workforce, as well as asset impairment costs associated with the closure of a packaging and distribution facility in germany.
late-stage pipeline our long-term success depends to a great extent on our ability to continue to discover and develop innovative pharmaceutical products and acquire or collaborate on molecules currently in development by other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies. we currently have approximately 55 potential new drugs in human testing or under regulatory review, and a larger number of projects in preclinical research.
dulaglutide* (trulicitytm) (q3 2014)-a long-acting analog of glucagon-like peptide 1 for the treatment of type 2 diabetes.
empagliflozin (jardiance®) (q2 2014)-a sodium glucose co-transporter-2 inhibitor for the treatment of type 2 diabetes (in collaboration with boehringer ingelheim).
new insulin glargine product (q3 2014)-a new insulin glargine product for the treatment of type 1 and type 2 diabetes (in collaboration with boehringer ingelheim).
ramucirumab* (cyramza®) (q2 2014)-an anti-vascular endothelial growth factor receptor-2 monoclonal antibody for the treatment of gastric cancer and non-small cell lung cancer (nsclc).
necitumumab* (q4 2014)-an anti-epidermal growth factor receptor monoclonal antibody for the treatment of squamous nsclc.
abemaciclib (q3 2014)-a small molecule cell-cycle inhibitor, selective for cyclin-dependent kinases 4 and 6 for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer and nsclc.
baricitinib (q4 2012)-a janus tyrosine kinase inhibitor for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis (in collaboration with incyte corporation).
basal insulin peglispro* (q4 2011)-a novel basal insulin for the treatment of type 1 and type 2 diabetes.
evacetrapib (q4 2012)-a cholesteryl ester transfer protein inhibitor for the treatment of high-risk vascular disease.
ixekizumab* (q4 2011)-a neutralizing monoclonal antibody to interleukin-17a for the treatment of psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis.
solanezumab* (q2 2009)-an anti-amyloid beta monoclonal antibody for the treatment of mild alzheimer's disease.
tanezumab* (q3 2008)-an anti-nerve growth factor monoclonal antibody for the treatment of osteoarthritis pain, chronic low back pain, and cancer pain (in collaboration with pfizer inc. (pfizer)). tanezumab is currently subject to a partial clinical hold by the u.s. food and drug administration (fda) (see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements).
*   biologic molecule subject to the u.s. biologics price competition and innovation act the following table reflects the status of each nme within our late-stage pipeline including developments since january 1, 2014:
compound                       indication                   u.s.                   europe      japan                                                                                          developments cardiovascular evacetrapib                    high-risk vascular disease   phase iii              phase iii   phase iii                                                                                      studies are ongoing.
endocrinology basal insulin peglispro        type 1 diabetes              phase iii              phase iii   phase iii                                                                                      announced in september 2014 top-line results of two clinical trials which met primary endpoints.
type 2 diabetes                phase iii                    phase iii              phase iii   announced in may 2014 top-line results of three clinical trials which met primary endpoints.
jardiance                      type 2 diabetes              approved               approved    approved                                                                                       approved in the u.s., europe and japan in august, may, and december 2014, respectively. launched in the u.s. and certain european countries in third quarter of 2014.
glyxambi®, combination tablet of empagliflozin and linagliptin, approved in the u.s. in january 2015. intend to submit to european regulatory authorities in late 2015.
new insulin glargine product   type 1 diabetes              tentatively approved   approved    approved                                                                                       fda tentatively approved in august 2014, determining that it met all regulatory requirements for approval, but approval is subject to automatic stay in the u.s. of up to 30 months as a result of the patent litigation filed by sanofi. approved in europe and japan in september and december 2014, respectively. we will work with boehringer ingelheim to launch in europe and japan on dates that do not infringe valid and enforceable patents.
type 2 diabetes                tentatively approved         approved               approved trulicity                      type 2 diabetes              approved               approved    submitted                                                                                      approved in the u.s. and europe in september and november 2014, respectively. launched in the u.s. in october 2014 and in certain european countries in first quarter of 2015. submitted to regulatory authorities in japan in third quarter of 2014.
compound                indication                 u.s.         europe       japan                  developments immunology baricitinib             rheumatoid arthritis       phase iii    phase iii    phase iii              announced in december 2014 top-line results of ra-beacon trial which met primary endpoint.
ixekizumab              psoriasis                  phase iii    phase iii    phase iii              announced in august 2014 top-line results of three trials which met all primary and secondary endpoints. intend to submit the first application to regulatory authorities in the first half of 2015.
tabalumab               lupus                      terminated   terminated   terminated             announced decision to stop development of tabalumab in october 2014 due to lack of efficacy.
compound                       indication                    u.s.        europe      japan                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      developments oncology abemaciclib                    metastatic breast cancer      phase iii   phase iii   phase iii                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  initiated phase iii study of abemaciclib in combination with fulvestrant in august 2014.
initiated phase iii study of abemaciclib in combination with aromatase inhibitors in november 2014.
nsclc                          phase iii                     phase iii   phase iii   initiated phase iii study of abemaciclib in kras mutation-positive nsclc in december 2014.
cyramza                        gastric cancer (first-line)   phase iii   phase iii   phase iii                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  initiated phase iii study of cyramza in first-line gastric cancer in january 2015.
gastric cancer (second-line)   approved                      approved    submitted   approved as monotherapy in the u.s. in april 2014. launched in the u.s. in second quarter of 2014.
in europe, approved in combination with paclitaxel and as monotherapy in patients for whom treatment in combination with paclitaxel is not appropriate in december 2014. submitted to japanese regulatory authorities in third quarter of 2014 with regulatory action anticipated in first half of 2015.
nsclc (second-line)            approved                      submitted   phase iii   approved in the u.s. in december 2014. submitted to european regulatory authorities in first quarter of 2015.
liver cancer                   phase iii                     phase iii   phase iii   announced in june 2014 that reach trial did not meet its primary endpoint.
metastatic colorectal cancer   phase iii                     phase iii   phase iii   announced in september 2014 that raise trial met its primary endpoint of overall survival. intend to submit first application to regulatory authorities in first half of 2015.
necitumumab                    squamous nsclc                submitted   submitted   phase ib/ii                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                submitted in the u.s. and europe in fourth quarter of 2014. anticipate fda action in late 2015.
there are many difficulties and uncertainties inherent in pharmaceutical research and development (r&d) and the introduction of new products. a high rate of failure is inherent in new drug discovery and development. the process to bring a drug from the discovery phase to regulatory approval can take 12 to 15 years or longer and cost more than $1 billion. failure can occur at any point in the process, including late in the process after substantial investment. as a result, most research programs will not generate financial returns. new product candidates that appear promising in development may fail to reach the market or may have only limited commercial success. delays and uncertainties in the regulatory approval processes in the u.s. and in other countries can result in delays in product launches and lost market opportunities. consequently, it is very difficult to predict which products will ultimately be approved.
we manage r&d spending across our portfolio of molecules, and a delay in, or termination of, any one project will not necessarily cause a significant change in our total r&d spending. due to the risks and
uncertainties involved in the r&d process, we cannot reliably estimate the nature, timing, completion dates, and costs of the efforts necessary to complete the development of our r&d projects, nor can we reliably estimate the future potential revenue that will be generated from a successful r&d project. each project represents only a portion of the overall pipeline, and none is individually material to our consolidated r&d expense. while we do accumulate certain r&d costs on a project level for internal reporting purposes, we must make significant cost estimations and allocations, some of which rely on data that are neither reproducible nor validated through accepted control mechanisms. therefore, we do not have sufficiently reliable data to report on total r&d costs by project, by preclinical versus clinical spend, or by therapeutic category.
other matters subsequent event - novartis animal health acquisition on january 1, 2015, we completed our acquisition of novartis animal health (novartis ah) in an all-cash transaction for approximately $5.4 billion. novartis ah operates in approximately 40 countries. we acquired novartis ah's nine manufacturing sites, six dedicated research and development facilities, a global commercial infrastructure with a portfolio of approximately 600 products, a pipeline with more than 40 projects in development, and more than 3,000 employees. the combined organization is expected to increase our animal health product portfolio, expand our global commercial presence, and augment our animal health manufacturing and research and development. in particular, it is expected to provide elanco with a greater commercial presence in the companion animal and swine markets, expand elanco's presence in equine and vaccines areas, and create an entry into the aquaculture market. as a condition to the clearance of the transaction under the hart-scott-rodino antitrust improvement act, following the closing of the acquisition of novartis ah, we divested certain companion animal assets in the u.s. related to the sentinel® canine parasiticide franchise to virbac corporation for approximately $410 million. the novartis ah business we retained generated revenue of approximately $1.1 billion in 2014.
patent matters we depend on patents or other forms of intellectual-property protection for most of our revenues, cash flows, and earnings. the loss of u.s. patent exclusivity for cymbalta in december 2013 and evista in march 2014, resulted in the immediate entry of generic competitors and a rapid and severe decline in revenue from the affected products, having a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and cash flows.
we lost our data package protection for cymbalta in major european countries in 2014 and we anticipate the entry of generic competition in these countries in 2015. we expect that the entry of generic competition for cymbalta into the markets where it has lost patent protection would cause a rapid and severe decline in revenue, which would have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and cash flows. we will also lose patent exclusivity in december 2015 for zyprexa® in japan.
additionally, as described in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements, the alimta® vitamin dosage regimen patent, which provides us with patent protection for alimta through june 2021 in japan and major european countries, and through may 2022 in the u.s., has been challenged in each of these jurisdictions. our compound patent for alimta will expire in the u.s. in january 2017, and in major european countries and japan in december 2015. we expect that the entry of generic competition for alimta into the markets where it has lost patent protection would cause a rapid and severe decline in revenue, which would have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and cash flows.
the u.s. compound patent for humalog® expired in may 2013. thus far, the loss of compound patent protection for humalog has not resulted in a rapid and severe decline in revenue. to date, no biosimilar version of humalog has been approved in the u.s. or europe; however, we are aware that other manufacturers have efforts underway to develop biosimilar forms of humalog, and it is difficult to predict the likelihood, timing, and impact of biosimilars entering the market.
foreign currency exchange rates as a global company with substantial operations outside the u.s., we face foreign currency risk exposure from fluctuating currency exchange rates, primarily the u.s. dollar against the euro, chinese yuan, and the japanese yen, and the british pound against the euro. while we manage a portion of these exposures through hedging and other risk management techniques, significant fluctuations in currency rates can have a substantial impact, either positive or negative, on our revenue, cost of sales, and operating expenses. in 2014, we saw significant foreign currency rate fluctuations as the u.s. dollar strengthened compared to other foreign currencies, including the euro and the japanese yen. while there is uncertainty in the future movements in foreign exchange rates, these fluctuations could negatively impact our future consolidated results of operations.
trends affecting pharmaceutical pricing, reimbursement, and access united states prices for specialty and brand name pharmaceuticals, congressional investigations into manufacturer's pricing policies, and the federal budget process continue to drive legislative debate. these policy and political issues increase the risk that taxes, fees, rebates or other federal measures may be enacted. as a result, pharmaceutical companies may see either a reduction in revenue or increase in expenses. president obama's fiscal year 2016 budget includes a number of key health legislative proposals affecting biopharmaceuticals, including a reduction in biologic data exclusivity, modifications to medicare parts b and d, and new language that would allow the department of health and human services to negotiate prices for biologics and drugs on the specialty tier in part d. savings projected under these proposals are targeted as a means to fund health care expenditures, such as the medicare sustainable growth rate, and non-health care expenditures. state and federal health care proposals, including price controls, continue to be debated, and if implemented could negatively affect future consolidated results of operations.
in the u.s. private sector, the growth of managed care organizations (mcos) is also a major factor in the competitive marketplace for human pharmaceuticals. it is estimated that approximately two-thirds of the u.s. now participates in some form of managed care. mco's have been consolidating into fewer, larger entities, thus enhancing their purchasing strength and importance. mco's typically maintain formularies specifying which drugs are covered under their plans. exclusion of a drug from a formulary can lead to its sharply reduced usage in the mco patient population. consequently, pharmaceutical companies compete aggressively to have their branded products included. price is becoming an increasingly important factor in mco formulary decisions, particularly in treatment areas in which the mco has taken the position that multiple branded products are therapeutically comparable. these downward pricing pressures could negatively impact future consolidated results of operations.
in 2014, the main coverage expansion provisions of the affordable care act (aca) took effect through both the launch of state-based exchanges and the expansion of medicaid. an emerging trend has been the prevalence of benefit designs containing high out-of-pocket costs for patients, particularly for pharmaceuticals. in addition to the coverage expansions, many employers in the commercial market, driven in part by changes resulting from the aca, continue to evaluate strategies such as private exchanges and wider use of consumer-driven health plans to reduce their healthcare liabilities over time. at the same time, the broader paradigm shift towards quality-based reimbursement and the launch of several value-based purchasing initiatives have placed demands on the pharmaceutical industry to offer products with proven real-world outcomes data and a favorable economic profile.
international international operations also are generally subject to extensive price and market regulations. cost-containment measures exist in a number of countries, including additional price controls and mechanisms to limit reimbursement for our products. such policies are expected to increase in impact and reach, given the pressures on national and regional health care budgets that come from a growing aging population and ongoing economic challenges. in addition, governments in many emerging markets are becoming increasingly active in expanding health care system offerings. given the budget challenges of increasing health care coverage for citizens, policies may be proposed that promote generics only and reduce current and future access to human pharmaceutical products.
tax matters we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. changes in the relevant tax laws, regulations, administrative practices, principles, and interpretations could adversely affect our future effective tax rates. the u.s. and a number of other countries are actively considering changes in this regard. for example, the obama administration proposed changes to the manner in which the u.s. would tax the international income of u.s.-based companies, including unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries, and other tax proposals under discussion or introduced in the u.s. congress could change the tax rate and manner in which u.s. companies would be taxed. additionally, the organisation for economic co-operation and development launched and continues to advance an initiative to analyze and potentially influence international tax policy in major countries in which we operate. while outcomes of these initiatives are uncertain, changes to key elements of the u.s. or international tax framework could have a material effect on our consolidated operating results and cash flows.
legal matters information regarding contingencies relating to certain legal proceedings can be found in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements and is incorporated here by reference.
operating results-2014
revenue our worldwide revenue for 2014 was $19.62 billion, a decline of 15 percent compared with 2013. this decrease was comprised of 13 percent due to volume, 2 percent due to the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates and 1 percent due to lower prices (numbers do not add due to rounding). total revenue in the u.s. decreased 29 percent, to $9.13 billion, due to lower demand for cymbalta and evista following patent expirations, and to a lesser extent, to wholesaler buying patterns. revenue outside the u.s. increased 3 percent, to $10.48 billion, due to increased volume, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates.
year ended                  year ended december 31, 2014           december 31, 2013           percentchange from product                                       u.s.(1)             outside u.s.                 total                       total             2013
animal health products                   1,274.4                1,072.2                  2,346.6                 2,151.5                        9
collaboration and other revenue(2)         468.6                  319.8                    788.4                   707.5                       11
2   collaboration and other revenue consists primarily of royalties for erbitux® and revenue associated with trajenta®.
sales of alimta, a treatment for various cancers, increased 2 percent in the u.s., driven by increased volume. sales outside the u.s. increased 5 percent, driven by increased volume, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates and lower prices.
sales of humalog, our injectable human insulin analog for the treatment of diabetes, increased 7 percent in the u.s., driven by increased demand, partially offset by lower net effective selling prices as a result of payer contracts and greater medicaid and medicare utilization, as well as wholesaler buying patterns. sales outside the u.s. increased 6 percent, driven by increased volume and, to a lesser extent, higher prices, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates.
sales of cialis, a treatment for erectile dysfunction and benign prostatic hyperplasia, increased 10 percent in the u.s., driven by higher prices, partially offset by wholesaler buying patterns. sales outside the u.s. increased 3 percent, driven by higher prices and increased volume, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates.
sales of cymbalta, a product for the treatment of major depressive disorder, diabetic peripheral neuropathic pain, generalized anxiety disorder, and in the u.s. for the treatment of chronic musculoskeletal pain and the management of fibromyalgia, decreased 89 percent in the u.s. due to the loss of u.s. patent exclusivity in december 2013. sales outside the u.s. increased 6 percent, driven by increased volume, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates.
sales of humulin, an injectable human insulin for the treatment of diabetes, increased 5 percent in the u.s., primarily driven by increased demand, partially offset by wholesaler buying patterns. sales outside the u.s. increased 8 percent, driven by increased volume, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates.
sales of forteo, an injectable treatment for osteoporosis in postmenopausal women and men at high risk for fracture and for glucocorticoid-induced osteoporosis in men and postmenopausal women, increased 5 percent in the u.s., driven by higher prices, partially offset by decreased volume. sales outside the u.s. increased 7 percent, driven by increased volume, primarily in japan, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates, primarily the japanese yen.
sales of zyprexa, a treatment for schizophrenia, acute mixed or manic episodes associated with bipolar i disorder, and bipolar maintenance, decreased 3 percent in the u.s. sales outside the u.s. decreased 14 percent, driven by decreased volume, the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates, primarily the japanese yen, and lower prices. we will lose patent exclusivity for zyprexa in japan in december 2015. zyprexa sales in japan were approximately $465 million in 2014, compared to approximately $510 million in 2013.
sales of strattera, a treatment for attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, increased 1 percent in the u.s., driven by higher prices, partially offset by decreased volume. sales outside the u.s. increased 9 percent, driven by increased volume, primarily in japan, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates, primarily the japanese yen.
sales of effient, a product for the reduction of thrombotic cardiovascular events (including stent thrombosis) in patients with acute coronary syndrome who are managed with an artery-opening procedure known as percutaneous coronary intervention, including patients undergoing angioplasty, atherectomy, or stent placement, increased 5 percent in the u.s., driven by higher prices, partially offset by wholesaler buying patterns. sales outside the u.s. decreased 3 percent, driven by lower volume.
sales of evista, a product for the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women and for reduction of risk of invasive breast cancer in postmenopausal women with osteoporosis and postmenopausal women at high risk for invasive breast cancer, decreased 73 percent in the u.s., due to the loss of u.s. patent exclusivity in march 2014. sales outside the u.s. decreased 24 percent, driven primarily by the expiration of a supply agreement in 2013, and to a lesser extent the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates.
animal health product sales in the u.s. increased 4 percent, driven by increased volume in food animal products and higher prices, partially offset by decreased volume in companion animal products due to competitive pressure. sales outside the u.s. increased 16 percent, driven by increased volume in food animal products, due in part to the acquisition of lohmann se (lohmann ah) and, to a lesser extent, higher prices, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates.
gross margin, costs, and expenses gross margin as a percent of total revenue was 74.9 percent in 2014, a decrease of 3.9 percentage points compared with 2013, driven primarily by lower sales of cymbalta and evista following u.s. patent expirations.
research and development expenses decreased 14 percent to $4.73 billion in 2014, driven primarily by lower late-stage clinical development costs. research and development expenses in 2013 included $97.2 million of milestone payments made to boehringer ingelheim following regulatory submissions for empagliflozin.
marketing, selling, and administrative expenses decreased 7 percent to $6.62 billion in 2014, driven primarily by the reduction in u.s. sales and marketing activities for cymbalta and evista, as well as ongoing cost containment efforts, partially offset by an additional $119.0 million charge in 2014 associated with the u.s. drug fee, an annual non-tax deductible fee enacted by the patient protection and affordable care act that is imposed on us and others engaged in the business of manufacturing or importing branded prescription drugs. the final regulations issued by the irs in 2014, accelerated the expense recognition criteria for the fee obligation by one year, from the year in which the fee is paid to the year in which the sales used to calculate the fee occur. this change affected all entities conducting covered activities in 2014 and resulted in the need to expense two years of the u.s. drug fee in 2014 to account for the fee imposed and paid in 2014 and the fee that will be imposed and paid in 2015.
we recognized acquired ipr&d charges of $200.2 million in 2014 resulting from our collaboration agreements with adocia, astrazeneca, and immunocore limited in addition to charges associated with the transfer of commercial rights to us, from boehringer ingelheim, of the new insulin glargine product in certain countries where it is not yet approved. there were $57.1 million of acquired ipr&d charges in 2013 related to the acquisition of rights for the cgrp antibody. see notes 3 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
we recognized asset impairment, restructuring, and other special charges of $468.7 million in 2014. these charges included $225.5 million of severance costs related to ongoing efforts to reduce our cost structure and global workforce and $243.2 million of asset impairment and other special charges consisting primarily of a $180.8 million asset impairment charge related to our decision to close and sell a manufacturing plant located in puerto rico. in 2013, we recognized asset impairment, restructuring, and other special charges of $120.6 million. these charges included $30.0 million of asset impairments primarily associated with the closure of a packaging and distribution facility in germany, and $90.6 million of severance costs to reduce our cost structure and global workforce. see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
other-net, (income) expense was income of $340.5 million in 2014, compared with income of $518.9 million in 2013. other income in 2014 included net gains of $216.4 million on investments and $92.0 million of income related to the transfer of commercial rights to linagliptin and empagliflozin in certain countries from us to boehringer ingelheim. other income in 2013 was primarily comprised of $495.4 million related to the termination of the exenatide collaboration with amylin. see notes 4 and 17 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
our effective tax rate was 20.3 percent in 2014, compared with 20.5 percent in 2013. see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
operating results-2013
financial results worldwide total revenue increased 2 percent to $23.11 billion in 2013, driven by growth in several products, including cialis, humalog, trajenta, alimta, forteo, and animal health products, partially offset by the continued erosion of zyprexa sales following the loss of patent exclusivity in the u.s. and most major markets outside japan. in 2013, net income increased 15 percent to $4.68 billion and eps increased 18 percent to $4.32, compared to 2012 net income and eps of $4.09 billion and $3.66, respectively. the increases were due to higher gross margin, lower marketing, selling, and administrative expenses, and, to a lesser extent, a lower effective tax rate, partially offset by higher research and development expenses and lower other income. eps in 2013 also benefited from a lower number of shares outstanding as a result of our share repurchase programs.
collaborations (note 4 to the consolidated financial statements)
•   we recognized income of $787.8 million (pretax), or $0.43 per share, related to the early payment of the exenatide revenue-sharing obligation following the completion of amylin's acquisition by bristol-myers squibb.
asset impairment, restructuring, and other special charges (note 5 to the consolidated financial statements)
•   we recognized asset impairment, restructuring, and other special charges of $281.1 million (pretax), or $0.16 per share, consisting of an intangible asset impairment related to liprotamase, restructuring charges related to initiatives to reduce our cost structure and global workforce, charges associated with the decision to stop development of a delivery device platform, and charges related to changes in returns reserve estimates for the withdrawal of xigristm.
revenue our worldwide revenue for 2013 was $23.11 billion, a 2 percent increase compared with 2012 as an increase of 5 percent due to higher prices was partially offset by a decrease of 2 percent due to the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates and a 1 percent decrease due to lower volume. total revenue in the u.s. increased 5 percent, to $12.89 billion, due to higher prices, partially offset by volume declines for cymbalta and zyprexa due to the loss of patent exclusivity. revenue outside the u.s. decreased 1 percent, to $10.22 billion, due primarily to the unfavorable impact of the continued weakness of the japanese yen and, to a lesser extent, lower prices, partially offset by increased volume.
year ended                  year ended december 31, 2013           december 31, 2012           percentchange from product                                       u.s.(1)             outside u.s.                 total                       total             2012
animal health products                   1,226.6                  924.9                  2,151.5                 2,036.5                        6
collaboration and other revenue(2)         482.1                  225.4          707.5                             633.0                       12
2   collaboration and other revenue in 2013 consists primarily of royalties for erbitux and revenue associated with trajenta. collaboration and other revenue in 2012 also includes revenue associated with exenatide in the united states.
sales of cymbalta increased 1 percent in the u.s., driven by higher prices, largely offset by lower demand due to the loss of u.s. patent exclusivity in december 2013. sales outside the u.s. increased 4 percent, driven primarily by increased volume, partially offset by lower prices and the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates.
sales of alimta increased 8 percent in the u.s., due to higher prices and increased demand. sales outside the u.s. increased 1 percent, driven by increased volume, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates and lower prices.
sales of humalog increased 11 percent in the u.s., driven by higher prices, wholesaler buying patterns, and increased demand. sales outside the u.s. increased 6 percent, driven by increased volume, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates.
sales of cialis increased 21 percent in the u.s., driven by higher prices. sales outside the u.s. increased 6 percent, driven by higher prices and increased volume, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates.
sales of humulin increased 14 percent in the u.s., driven by higher prices, partially offset by decreased demand. sales outside the u.s. decreased 1 percent, driven by the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates, partially offset by increased volume.
sales of forteo increased 5 percent in the u.s., driven primarily by higher prices. sales outside the u.s. increased 11 percent, due to increased volume, primarily in japan, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates.
sales of zyprexa decreased 66 percent in the u.s. due to continued erosion following patent expiration in late 2011. sales outside the u.s. decreased 20 percent, driven by the unfavorable effect of foreign exchange rates, lower volume in markets outside of japan, and lower prices.
sales of evista increased 10 percent in the u.s., driven by higher prices, partially offset by decreased demand. sales outside the u.s. decreased 10 percent, driven by the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates and lower prices, partially offset by increased volume in japan.
sales of strattera increased 16 percent in the u.s., driven primarily by higher prices. sales outside the u.s. increased 11 percent, driven primarily by increased volume in japan, partially offset by lower prices and the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates.
sales of effient increased 11 percent in the u.s., driven primarily by higher prices. sales outside the u.s. increased 12 percent, driven primarily by increased volume.
animal health product sales in the u.s. increased 6 percent driven primarily by increased volume for trifexis® and, to a lesser extent, higher prices. sales outside the u.s. increased 6 percent, driven by increased volume and, to a lesser extent, higher prices, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates.
gross margin, costs, and expenses gross margin as a percent of total revenue remained at 78.8 percent in 2013 as higher prices were offset by the adverse impact of foreign exchange rates on international inventories sold, which significantly decreased the cost of sales in 2012.
marketing, selling, and administrative expenses decreased 5 percent to $7.13 billion in 2013, driven primarily by lower selling and marketing expenses resulting from ongoing cost-containment efforts, including a reduction in u.s. sales and marketing activities in anticipation of the loss of patent exclusivity for cymbalta and evista, as well as the impact of foreign exchange rates.
research and development expenses increased 5 percent to $5.53 billion in 2013, due to higher research and clinical development expenses, including $97.2 million of milestone payments made to boehringer ingelheim following regulatory submissions for empagliflozin.
we recognized an acquired ipr&d charge of $57.1 million in 2013 resulting from our acquisition of a cgrp antibody. there were no acquired ipr&d charges in 2012. see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
we recognized asset impairment, restructuring, and other special charges of $120.6 million in 2013. these charges included $30.0 million of asset impairments primarily associated with the anticipated closure of a packaging and distribution facility in germany, and $90.6 million of severance costs to reduce our cost structure and global workforce. in 2012, we recognized asset impairment, restructuring, and other special charges of $281.1 million. these charges included $122.6 million related to an intangible asset impairment for liprotamase, $74.5 million related to restructuring to reduce our cost structure and global workforce, $64.0 million related to the asset impairment of a delivery device platform, and $20.0 million related to the withdrawal of xigris. see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
other-net, (income) expense was income of $518.9 million in 2013, compared with income of $674.0 million in 2012. the decrease was driven primarily by lower income related to the termination of the exenatide collaboration with amylin of $495.4 million in 2013 compared with $787.8 million in 2012, partially offset by milestone payments received from boehringer ingelheim for regulatory submissions in the u.s., europe, and japan. see notes 4 and 17 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
our effective tax rate was 20.5 percent in 2013, compared with 24.4 percent in 2012. the 2012 effective tax rate reflected the expiration of the r&d tax credit at the end of 2011 and the tax impact of the payment received from amylin, partially offset by the tax benefit related to the intangible asset impairment for liprotamase. the decrease in the 2013 effective tax rate reflects the reinstatement of the r&d tax credit in the u.s. effective january 1, 2013 as well as the one-time impact of the reinstatement of the r&d tax credit for 2012 that was recorded in the first quarter of 2013. see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
financial condition as of december 31, 2014, cash and cash equivalents remained essentially unchanged at $3.87 billion compared with $3.83 billion at december 31, 2013. significant sources of cash included cash flows from
operations of $4.37 billion, net proceeds from investment transactions of $3.62 billion, and net proceeds from the issuance of short- and long-term debt of $2.64 billion. significant uses of cash included dividends paid of $2.10 billion, purchases of property and equipment of $1.16 billion, share repurchases of $800.0 million, and the acquisition of lohmann ah which amounted to $551.4 million. we also held $5.41 billion of cash in escrow associated with the pending close of the novartis ah acquisition which was reflected as restricted cash as of december 31, 2014. in january 2015, we completed our acquisition of novartis ah for approximately $5.4 billion in an all-cash transaction. see "executive overview-other matters" for additional details.
in addition to our cash and cash equivalents, we held total investments of $5.52 billion and $9.19 billion as of december 31, 2014 and december 31, 2013, respectively. see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for additional details.
as of december 31, 2014, total debt was $8.06 billion, an increase of $2.84 billion compared with $5.21 billion at december 31, 2013. the increase is due primarily to the increase in short-term commercial paper borrowings of $2.68 billion used primarily to finance the acquisition of novartis ah. at december 31, 2014, we had a total of $3.31 billion of unused committed bank credit facilities, $3.20 billion of which is available to support our commercial paper program. subject to market conditions, we intend to replace the majority of our commercial paper borrowings with fixed-rate long term notes in the first half of 2015. see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for additional details. we believe that amounts accessible through existing commercial paper markets should be adequate to fund short-term borrowing needs.
for the 130th consecutive year, we distributed dividends to our shareholders. dividends of $1.96 per share were paid in both 2014 and 2013. in the fourth quarter of 2014, effective for the dividend to be paid in the first quarter of 2015, the quarterly dividend was increased to $0.50 per share, resulting in an indicated annual rate for 2015 of $2.00 per share.
capital expenditures of $1.16 billion during 2014 were $150.5 million more than in 2013. we expect 2015 capital expenditures to be approximately $1.3 billion.
in 2014, we repurchased $800.0 million of shares under the $5.00 billion share repurchase program previously announced in october 2013.
see "executive overview-other matters" for information regarding recent and upcoming losses of patent protection for cymbalta (u.s. and europe), evista (u.s.), alimta (u.s., europe, and japan), and zyprexa (japan).
at december 31, 2014, we had an aggregate of $8.54 billion of cash and investments at our foreign subsidiaries. a significant portion of this amount would be subject to tax payments if such cash and investments were repatriated to the united states. we record u.s. deferred tax liabilities for certain unremitted earnings, but when foreign earnings are expected to be indefinitely reinvested outside the u.s., no accrual for u.s. income taxes is provided. we believe cash provided by operating activities in the u.s. and planned repatriations of foreign earnings for which tax has been provided should be sufficient to fund our domestic operating needs, dividends paid to shareholders, share repurchases, and capital expenditures. various risks and uncertainties, including those discussed in "forward-looking statements" and item 1a, "risk factors," may affect our operating results and cash generated from operations.
both domestically and abroad, we continue to monitor the potential impacts of the economic environment; the creditworthiness of our wholesalers and other customers, including foreign government-backed agencies and suppliers; the uncertain impact of health care legislation; and various international government funding levels.
in the normal course of business, our operations are exposed to fluctuations in interest rates and currency values. these fluctuations can vary the costs of financing, investing, and operating. we address a portion of these risks through a controlled program of risk management that includes the use of derivative financial instruments. the objective of controlling these risks is to limit the impact on earnings of fluctuations in interest and currency exchange rates. all derivative activities are for purposes other than trading.
our primary interest rate risk exposure results from changes in short-term u.s. dollar interest rates. in an effort to manage interest rate exposures, we strive to achieve an acceptable balance between fixed and floating rate debt positions and may enter into interest rate derivatives to help maintain that balance. based on our overall interest rate exposure at december 31, 2014 and 2013, including derivatives and other interest
rate risk-sensitive instruments, a hypothetical 10 percent change in interest rates applied to the fair value of the instruments as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, would not have a material impact on earnings, cash flows, or fair values of interest rate risk-sensitive instruments over a one-year period.
our foreign currency risk exposure results from fluctuating currency exchange rates, primarily the u.s. dollar against the euro, chinese yuan, and the japanese yen, and the british pound against the euro. we face foreign currency exchange exposures primarily when we enter into transactions, generally on an intercompany basis, denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the entity. we also face currency exposure that arises from translating the results of our global operations to the u.s. dollar at exchange rates that have fluctuated from the beginning of the period. we may enter into foreign currency forward or option derivative contracts to reduce the effect of fluctuating currency exchange rates (principally the euro, the british pound, and the japanese yen). our policy outlines the minimum and maximum hedge coverage of such exposures. gains and losses on these derivative contracts offset, in part, the impact of currency fluctuations on the existing assets and liabilities. we analyze the fair values of the outstanding foreign currency derivative contracts to determine their sensitivity to changes in foreign exchange rates. a hypothetical 10 percent change in exchange rates (primarily against the u.s. dollar) applied to the fair values of our outstanding foreign currency derivative contracts as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, would not have a material impact on earnings, cash flows, or financial position over a one-year period. this sensitivity analysis does not consider the impact that hypothetical changes in exchange rates would have on the underlying foreign currency denominated transactions.
off-balance sheet arrangements and contractual obligations we have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have a material current effect or that are reasonably likely to have a material future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources. we acquire and collaborate on potential products still in development and enter into research and development arrangements with third parties that often require milestone and royalty payments to the third party contingent upon the occurrence of certain future events linked to the success of the asset in development. milestone payments may be required contingent upon the successful achievement of an important point in the development life cycle of the pharmaceutical product (e.g., approval for marketing by the appropriate regulatory agency or upon the achievement of certain sales levels). if required by the arrangement, we may make royalty payments based upon a percentage of the sales of the pharmaceutical product in the event that regulatory approval for marketing is obtained. because of the contingent nature of these payments, they are not included in the table of contractual obligations below.
individually, these arrangements are not material in any one annual reporting period. however, if milestones for multiple products covered by these arrangements would happen to be reached in the same reporting period, the aggregate charge to expense could be material to the results of operations in that period. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for additional details. these arrangements often give us the discretion to unilaterally terminate development of the product, which would allow us to avoid making the contingent payments; however, we are unlikely to cease development if the compound successfully achieves milestone objectives. we also note that, from a business perspective, we view these payments as positive because they signify that the product is successfully moving through development and is now generating or is more likely to generate cash flows from sales of products.
our current noncancelable contractual obligations that will require future cash payments are as follows (in millions):
capital lease obligations                                              28.8                    10.3                      14.7                    3.8                        -
operating leases                                                      602.4                   138.7                     216.7                  126.3                    120.7
1   our long-term debt obligations include both our expected principal and interest obligations and our interest rate swaps. we used the interest rate forward curve at december 31, 2014, to compute the amount of the contractual obligation for interest on the variable rate debt instruments and swaps.
•   purchase obligations consisting primarily of all open purchase orders as of december 31, 2014. some of these purchase orders may be cancelable; however, for purposes of this disclosure, we have not distinguished between cancelable and noncancelable purchase obligations.
•   contractual payment obligations with each of our significant vendors, which are noncancelable and are not contingent.
3   we have included long-term liabilities consisting primarily of our nonqualified supplemental pension funding requirements and deferred compensation liabilities. we excluded long-term income taxes payable of $998.5 million, because we cannot reasonably estimate the timing of future cash outflows associated with those liabilities.
the contractual obligations table is current as of december 31, 2014. we expect the amount of these obligations to change materially over time as new contracts are initiated and existing contracts are completed, terminated, or modified.
application of critical accounting estimates in preparing our financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s., we must often make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, and related disclosures. some of those judgments can be subjective and complex, and consequently actual results could differ from those estimates. for any given individual estimate or assumption we make, it is possible that other people applying reasonable judgment to the same facts and circumstances could develop different estimates. we believe that, given current facts and circumstances, it is unlikely that applying any such other reasonable judgment would cause a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position, or liquidity for the periods presented in this report. our most critical accounting estimates have been discussed with our audit committee and are described below.
revenue recognition and sales return, rebate, and discount accruals we recognize revenue from sales of products at the time title of goods passes to the buyer and the buyer assumes the risks and rewards of ownership. provisions for returns, rebates, and discounts are established in the same period the related sales are recorded.
we regularly review the supply levels of our significant products sold to major wholesalers in the u.s. and in major markets outside the u.s., primarily by reviewing periodic inventory reports supplied by our major wholesalers and available prescription volume information for our products, or alternative approaches. we attempt to maintain u.s. wholesaler inventory levels at an average of approximately one month or less on a consistent basis across our product portfolio. causes of unusual wholesaler buying patterns include actual or anticipated product-supply issues, weather patterns, anticipated changes in the transportation network,
redundant holiday stocking, and changes in wholesaler business operations. in the u.s., the current structure of our arrangements does not provide an incentive for speculative wholesaler buying and provides us with data on inventory levels at our wholesalers. when we believe wholesaler purchasing patterns have caused an unusual increase or decrease in the sales of a major product compared with underlying demand, we disclose this in our product sales discussion if we believe the amount is material to the product sales trend; however, we are not always able to accurately quantify the amount of stocking or destocking in the retail channel. wholesaler stocking and destocking activity historically has not caused any material changes in the rate of actual product returns.
when sales occur, we estimate a reserve for future product returns related to those sales. this estimate is based on several factors, including: historical return rates, expiration date by product (generally, 24 to 36 months after the initial sale of a product to our customer), and estimated levels of inventory in the wholesale and retail channels, among others, as well as any other specifically-identified anticipated returns due to known factors such as the loss of patent exclusivity, product recalls and discontinuances, or a changing competitive environment. we maintain a returns policy that allows u.s. pharmaceutical customers to return product for dating issues within a specified period prior to and subsequent to the product's expiration date. following the loss of exclusivity for a patent-dependent product, we expect to experience an elevated level of product returns as product inventory remaining in the wholesale and retail channels expires. adjustments to the returns reserve may be required in the future based on revised estimates to our assumptions, which would have an impact on our consolidated results of operations. we record the return amounts as a deduction to arrive at our net product sales. once the product is returned, it is destroyed. actual product returns have been less than 2 percent of our net sales over the past three years and have not fluctuated significantly as a percentage of sales. we expect the ratio of actual product returns as a percentage of net sales to increase in future periods as we begin to experience elevated return levels for cymbalta following the recent loss of patent exclusivity in the u.s. market.
we establish sales rebate and discount accruals in the same period as the related sales. the rebate and discount amounts are recorded as a deduction to arrive at our net product sales. sales rebates and discounts that require the use of judgment in the establishment of the accrual include medicaid, managed care, medicare, chargebacks, long-term care, hospital, patient assistance programs, and various other programs. we base these accruals primarily upon our historical rebate and discount payments made to our customer segment groups and the provisions of current rebate and discount contracts.
the largest of our sales rebate and discount amounts are rebates associated with sales covered by medicaid and managed care contracts. in determining the appropriate accrual amount, we consider our historical medicaid and managed care rebate payments by product as a percentage of our historical sales as well as any significant changes in sales trends (e.g., patent expiries), an evaluation of the current medicaid and managed care contracts, the percentage of our products that are sold via medicaid and managed care contracts, and our product pricing. although we accrue a liability for medicaid and managed care rebates at the time we record the sale (when the product is shipped), the medicaid and managed care rebate related to that sale is typically paid up to six months later. because of this time lag, in any particular period our rebate adjustments may incorporate revisions of accruals for several periods.
most of our rebates outside the u.s. are contractual or legislatively mandated and are estimated and recognized in the same period as the related sales. in some large european countries, government rebates are based on the anticipated budget for pharmaceutical payments in the country. a best estimate of these rebates, updated as governmental authorities revise budgeted deficits, is recognized in the same period as the related sale. if our estimates are not reflective of the actual pharmaceutical costs incurred by the government, we adjust our rebate reserves.
we believe that our accruals for sales returns, rebates, and discounts are reasonable and appropriate based on current facts and circumstances. our global rebate and discount liabilities are included in sales rebates and discounts on our consolidated balance sheet. our global sales return liability is included in other current liabilities and other noncurrent liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet. as of december 31, 2014, a 5 percent change in our global sales return, rebate, and discount liability would lead to an approximate $137 million effect on our income before income taxes.
the portion of our global sales return, rebate, and discount liability resulting from sales of our products in the u.s. was 88 percent as of december 31, 2014 and 2013.
the following represents a roll-forward of our most significant u.s. sales return, rebate, and discount liability balances, including medicaid and managed care (in millions):
sales return, rebate, and discount liabilities, beginning of year           $2,215.5              $1,584.5
reduction of net sales due to sales returns, discounts, and rebates(1)       4,707.8               4,723.3
cash payments of discounts and rebates                                      (4,681.9   )          (4,092.3   )
sales return, rebate, and discount liabilities, end of year                 $2,241.4              $2,215.5
1   adjustments of the estimates for these returns, rebates, and discounts to actual results were less than 1.5 percent of consolidated net sales for each of the years presented.
product litigation liabilities and other contingencies product litigation liabilities and other contingencies are, by their nature, uncertain and are based upon complex judgments and probabilities. the factors we consider in developing our product litigation liability reserves and other contingent liability amounts include the merits and jurisdiction of the litigation, the nature and the number of other similar current and past litigation cases, the nature of the product and the current assessment of the science subject to the litigation, and the likelihood of settlement and current state of settlement discussions, if any. in addition, we accrue for certain product liability claims incurred, but not filed, to the extent we can formulate a reasonable estimate of their costs. we estimate these expenses based primarily on historical claims experience and data regarding product usage. we accrue legal defense costs expected to be incurred in connection with significant product liability contingencies when both probable and reasonably estimable.
we also consider the insurance coverage we have to diminish the exposure for periods covered by insurance. in assessing our insurance coverage, we consider the policy coverage limits and exclusions, the potential for denial of coverage by the insurance company, the financial condition of the insurers, and the possibility of and length of time for collection. due to a very restrictive market for product liability insurance, we are self-insured for product liability losses for all our currently marketed products. in addition to insurance coverage, we also consider any third-party indemnification we have, including the nature of the indemnification, the financial condition of the indemnifying party, and the possibility of and length of time for collection.
the litigation accruals and environmental liabilities and the related estimated insurance recoverables have been reflected on a gross basis as liabilities and assets, respectively, on our consolidated balance sheets.
pension and retiree medical plan assumptions pension benefit costs include assumptions for the discount rate, retirement age, and expected return on plan assets. retiree medical plan costs include assumptions for the discount rate, retirement age, expected return on plan assets, and health-care-cost trend rates. these assumptions have a significant effect on the amounts reported. in addition to the analysis below, see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our retirement benefits.
annually, we evaluate the discount rate and the expected return on plan assets in our defined benefit pension and retiree health benefit plans. we use an actuarially determined, plan-specific yield curve of high quality, fixed income debt instruments to determine the discount rates. in evaluating the expected rate of return, we consider many factors, with a primary analysis of current and projected market conditions, asset returns and asset allocations (approximately 85 percent of which are growth investments); and the views of leading financial advisers and economists. we may also review our historical assumptions compared with actual results, as well as the discount rates, expected return on plan assets, and health-care-cost trend rates of other companies, where applicable. in evaluating our expected retirement age assumption, we consider the retirement ages of our past employees eligible for pension and medical benefits together with our expectations of future retirement ages.
if the health-care-cost trend rates were to increase by one percentage point, the aggregate of the service cost and interest cost components of the 2014 annual expense would increase by $7.8 million. a one-percentage-point decrease would decrease the aggregate of the 2014 service cost and interest cost by $6.6 million. if the 2014 discount rate for the u.s. defined benefit pension and retiree health benefit plans (u.s. plans) were to change by a quarter percentage point, income before income taxes would change by $35.4 million. if the 2014 expected return on plan assets for u.s. plans were to change by a quarter percentage point, income before income taxes would change by $21.7 million. if our assumption regarding the 2014 expected age of future retirees for u.s. plans were adjusted by one year, our income before income taxes would be affected by $49.9 million. the u.s. plans, including puerto rico, represent approximately 80 percent of both the total projected benefit obligation and total plan assets at december 31, 2014.
impairment of indefinite-lived and long-lived assets we review the carrying value of long-lived assets (both intangible and tangible) for potential impairment on a periodic basis and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. we determine impairment by comparing the projected undiscounted cash flows to be generated by the asset to its carrying value. if an impairment is identified, a loss is recorded equal to the excess of the asset's net book value over its fair value, and the cost basis is adjusted.
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are reviewed for impairment at least annually and when certain impairment indicators are present. when required, a comparison of fair value to the carrying amount of assets is performed to determine the amount of any impairment.
several methods may be used to determine the estimated fair value of acquired ipr&d, all of which require multiple assumptions. we utilize the "income method," which applies a probability weighting that considers the risk of development and commercialization to the estimated future net cash flows that are derived from projected sales revenues and estimated costs. these projections are based on factors such as relevant market size, patent protection, historical pricing of similar products, and expected industry trends. the estimated future net cash flows are then discounted to the present value using an appropriate discount rate. this analysis is performed for each project independently.
for acquired ipr&d assets, the risk of failure has been factored into the fair value measure and there can be no certainty that these assets ultimately will yield a successful product, as discussed previously in the "late-stage pipeline" section. the nature of the pharmaceutical business is high-risk and requires that we invest in a large number of projects to build a successful portfolio of approved products. as such, it is likely that some acquired ipr&d assets will become impaired in the future.
estimates of future cash flows, based on what we believe to be reasonable and supportable assumptions and projections, require management's judgment. actual results could vary from these estimates.
income taxes we prepare and file tax returns based on our interpretation of tax laws and regulations and record estimates based on these judgments and interpretations. in the normal course of business, our tax returns are subject to examination by various taxing authorities, which may result in future tax, interest, and penalty assessments by these authorities. inherent uncertainties exist in estimates of many tax positions due to changes in tax law resulting from legislation, regulation, and/or as concluded through the various jurisdictions' tax court systems. we recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. the tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate resolution. the amount of unrecognized tax benefits is adjusted for changes in facts and circumstances. for example, adjustments could result from significant amendments to existing tax law, the issuance of regulations or interpretations by the taxing authorities, new information obtained during a tax examination, or resolution of an examination. we believe our estimates for uncertain tax positions are appropriate and sufficient to pay assessments that may result from examinations of our tax returns. we recognize both accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense.
we have recorded valuation allowances against certain of our deferred tax assets, primarily those that have been generated from net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards in certain taxing jurisdictions. in evaluating whether we would more likely than not recover these deferred tax assets, we have not assumed any future taxable income or tax planning strategies in the jurisdictions associated with these carryforwards where history does not support such an assumption. implementation of tax planning strategies to recover these deferred tax assets or future income generation in these jurisdictions could lead to the reversal of these valuation allowances and a reduction of income tax expense.
as of december 31, 2014, a 5 percent change in the amount of the uncertain tax positions and the valuation allowance would result in a change in net income of $31.9 million and $30.1 million, respectively.
legal and regulatory matters information relating to certain legal proceedings can be found in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements and is incorporated here by reference.
financial expectations for 2015
for the full year of 2015, we expect eps to be in the range of $2.40 to $2.50. we anticipate that total revenue will be between $19.5 billion and $20.0 billion. the acquisition of novartis ah is expected to add significant revenue.
we anticipate that gross margin as a percent of revenue will be approximately 75.0 percent in 2015. marketing, selling, and administrative expenses are expected to be in the range of $6.5 billion to $6.8 billion. research and development expenses are expected to be in the range of $4.7 billion to $4.9 billion, reflecting an expected increase in phase iii trial expenses and the inclusion of novartis ah. other-net, (income) expense is expected to be in a range between $75 million and $125 million of income.
the 2015 tax rate is expected to be approximately 18.5 percent, assuming a full-year 2015 benefit of the research and development tax credit and other tax provisions up for extension. if these items are not extended, the 2015 tax rate would be approximately 1.5 percentage points higher. the 2015 expected tax rate includes the tax impact of costs associated with the novartis ah and lohmann ah acquisitions and amortization of intangibles.
capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $1.3 billion.
our 2015 financial guidance does not include a potential charge related to the collaboration with pfizer to develop and commercialize tanezumab. if the partial clinical hold for the molecule is removed and we and pfizer move forward with development, we will pay a $200 million upfront fee to pfizer. this charge would reduce eps by approximately $0.12 and would cause our tax rate to be approximately 1.0 percentage point lower.