item 1a. - risk factors you should carefully consider the risk factors set forth below as well as the other information contained in this annual report on form 10-k in connection with evaluating the company. additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. certain statements in "risk factors" are forward-looking statements. see "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - special note regarding forward-looking statements."
risks related to our business our business is particularly sensitive to reductions in discretionary consumer and corporate spending as a result of downturns in the economy.
consumer demand for hotel/casino resorts, trade shows and conventions and for the type of luxury amenities we offer is particularly sensitive to downturns in the economy and the corresponding impact on discretionary spending on leisure activities. changes in discretionary consumer spending or corporate spending on conventions and business travel could be driven by many factors, such as: perceived or actual general economic conditions; any further weaknesses in the job or housing market, additional credit market disruptions; high energy, fuel and food costs; the increased cost of travel; the potential for bank failures; the weakened job market; perceived or actual disposable consumer income and wealth; fears of recession and changes in consumer confidence in the economy; or fears of war and future acts of terrorism. these factors could reduce consumer and corporate demand for the luxury amenities and leisure activities we offer, thus imposing additional limits on pricing and harming our operations.
the terms of our debt instruments and our current debt service obligations may restrict our current and future operations, particularly our ability to finance additional growth, respond to changes or take some actions that may otherwise be in our best interests.
our current debt instruments contain, and any future debt instruments likely will contain, a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us, including restrictions on our ability to:
•   incur additional debt, including providing guarantees or credit support;
•   dispose of assets;
•   pay dividends or make distributions and make other restricted payments, such as purchasing equity interests, repurchasing junior indebtedness or making investments in third parties;
•   engage in any new businesses;
in addition, our macao, singapore and u.s. credit agreements contain various financial covenants. see "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - note 8 - long-term debt" for further description of these covenants.
as of december 31, 2014, we had $9.89 billion of long-term debt outstanding. this indebtedness could have important consequences to us. for example, it could:
•   make it more difficult for us to satisfy our debt service obligations;
•   increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions;
•   impair our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital needs, capital expenditures, development projects, acquisitions or general corporate purposes;
•   require us to dedicate a significant portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our debt, which would reduce the funds available for our operations and development projects;
•   limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the business and the industry in which we operate;
•   place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; and
•   subject us to higher interest expense in the event of increases in interest rates as a significant portion of our debt is, and will continue to be, at variable rates of interest.
subject to applicable laws, including gaming laws, and certain agreed upon exceptions, our debt is secured by liens on substantially all of our assets, except for our equity interests in our subsidiaries.
we may elect to arrange additional financing to fund the balance of our cotai strip developments. if such additional financing is necessary, we cannot assure you that we will obtain all the financing required for the construction and opening of our remaining planned projects on suitable terms, if at all.
we are subject to extensive regulation and the cost of compliance or failure to comply with such regulations that govern our operations in any jurisdiction where we operate may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
we are required to obtain and maintain licenses from various jurisdictions in order to operate certain aspects of our business, and we are subject to extensive background investigations and suitability standards in our gaming business. we also will become subject to regulation in any other jurisdiction where we choose to operate in the future. there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain new licenses or renew any of our existing licenses, or that if such licenses are obtained, that such licenses will not be conditioned, suspended or revoked, and the loss, denial or non-renewal of any of our licenses could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
our gaming operations and the ownership of our securities are subject to extensive regulation by the nevada commission, the nevada board and the cclglb. the nevada gaming authorities have broad authority with respect to licensing and registration of our business entities and individuals investing in or otherwise involved with us.
although we currently are registered with, and lvsllc and vcr currently hold gaming licenses issued by, the nevada gaming authorities, these authorities may, among other things, revoke the gaming license of any corporate entity or the registration of a registered corporation or any entity registered as a holding company of a corporate licensee for violations of gaming regulations.
in addition, the nevada gaming authorities may, under certain conditions, revoke the license or finding of suitability of any officer, director, controlling person, stockholder, noteholder or key employee of a licensed or registered entity. if our gaming licenses were revoked for any reason, the nevada gaming authorities could require the closing of our casinos, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. in addition, compliance costs associated with gaming laws, regulations or licenses are significant. any change in the laws, regulations or licenses applicable to our business or gaming licenses could require us to make substantial expenditures or could otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
a similar dynamic exists in all jurisdictions where we operate and a regulatory action against one of our operating entities in any gaming jurisdiction could impact our operations in other gaming jurisdictions where we do business.
for a more complete description of the gaming regulatory requirements that have an effect on our business, see "item 1 - business - regulation and licensing."
we are subject to regulations imposed by the foreign corrupt practices act (the "fcpa"), which generally prohibits u.s. companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. on february 9, 2011, lvsc received a subpoena from the sec requesting that we produce documents relating to our compliance with the fcpa. we have also been advised by the doj that it is conducting a similar investigation. any violation of the fcpa could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. see "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - note 13 - commitments and contingencies - litigation" for further description of the current status of this matter.
we also deal with significant amounts of cash in our operations and are subject to various reporting and anti-money laundering regulations. any violation of anti-money laundering laws or regulations, or any accusations of money laundering or regulatory investigations into possible money laundering activities, by any of our properties, employees, customers could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
there are significant risks associated with our ongoing and future construction projects, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows from these planned facilities.
our ongoing and future construction projects, such as our cotai strip projects, entail significant risks. construction activity requires us to obtain qualified contractors and subcontractors, the availability of which may be uncertain. construction projects are subject to cost overruns and delays caused by events outside of our control or, in certain cases, our contractors' control, such as shortages of materials or skilled labor, unforeseen engineering, environmental and/or geological problems, work stoppages, weather interference, unanticipated cost increases and unavailability of construction materials or equipment. construction, equipment or staffing problems or difficulties in obtaining any of the requisite materials, licenses, permits, allocations and authorizations from governmental or regulatory authorities could increase the total cost, delay, jeopardize, prevent the construction or opening of our projects, or otherwise affect the design and features. in addition, the number of ongoing projects and their locations throughout the world present unique challenges and risks to our management structure. if our management is unable to manage successfully our worldwide construction projects, it could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
the anticipated costs and completion dates for our current projects are based on budgets, designs, development and construction documents and schedule estimates that we have prepared with the assistance of architects and other construction development consultants and that are subject to change as the design, development and construction documents are finalized and as actual construction work is performed. a failure to complete our projects on budget or on schedule may have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. the estimated costs to complete and open our remaining planned projects are currently not determinable with certainty and therefore may have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. see also "- risks associated with our international operations - we are currently required to build and open the parisian macao by april 2016 and complete sands cotai central by december 2016. if we are unable to meet the respective deadlines and the deadlines for either development are not extended, we may lose the respective land concession, which would prohibit us from operating any facilities developed under such land concession."
because we are currently dependent primarily upon our properties in three markets for all of our cash flow, we are subject to greater risks than competitors with more operating properties or that operates in more markets.
we currently do not have material operations other than our macao, singapore and las vegas properties. as a result, we are primarily dependent upon these properties for all of our cash.
given that our operations are currently conducted primarily at properties in macao, singapore and las vegas and that a large portion of our planned future development is in macao, we will be subject to greater degrees of risk than competitors with more operating properties or that operates in more markets. the risks to which we will have a greater degree of exposure include the following:
•   local economic and competitive conditions;
•   inaccessibility due to inclement weather, road construction or closure of primary access routes;
•   changes in local and state governmental laws and regulations, including gaming laws and regulations;
•   natural or man-made disasters, or outbreaks of infectious diseases;
•   changes in the availability of water; and
•   a decline in the number of visitors to macao, singapore or las vegas.
our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all possible losses that our properties could suffer. in addition, our insurance costs may increase and we may not be able to obtain the same insurance coverage in the future.
we have comprehensive property and liability insurance policies for our properties in operation, as well as those in the course of construction, with coverage features and insured limits that we believe are customary in their breadth and scope. market forces beyond our control may nonetheless limit the scope of the insurance coverage we can obtain or our ability to obtain coverage at reasonable rates. certain types of losses, generally of a catastrophic nature, such as earthquakes, hurricanes and floods, or terrorist acts, or certain liabilities may be uninsurable or too expensive to justify obtaining insurance. as a result, we may not be successful in obtaining insurance without increases in cost or decreases in coverage levels. in addition, in the event of a substantial loss, the insurance coverage we carry may not be sufficient to pay the full market value or replacement cost of our lost investment or in some cases could result in certain losses being totally uninsured. as a result, we could lose some or all of the capital we have invested in a property, as well as the anticipated future revenue from the property, and we could remain obligated for debt or other financial obligations related to the property.
our debt instruments and other material agreements require us to maintain a certain minimum level of insurance. failure to satisfy these requirements could result in an event of default under these debt instruments or material agreements.
we depend on the continued services of key managers and employees. if we do not retain our key personnel or attract and retain other highly skilled employees, our business will suffer.
our ability to maintain our competitive position is dependent to a large degree on the services of our senior management team, including sheldon g. adelson and our other executive officers. the loss of mr. adelson's services or the services of our other senior managers, or the inability to attract and retain additional senior management personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business. mr. adelson's employment agreement is scheduled to expire in december 2015 and is subject to extensions.
the interests of our principal stockholder in our business may be different from yours.
mr. adelson, his family members and trusts and other entities established for the benefit of mr. adelson and/or his family members (collectively our "principal stockholder's family") beneficially own approximately 54% of our outstanding common stock as of december 31, 2014. accordingly, mr. adelson exercises significant influence over our business policies and affairs, including the composition of our board of directors and any action requiring the approval of our stockholders, including the adoption of amendments to our articles of incorporation and the approval of a merger or sale of substantially all of our assets. the concentration of ownership may also delay, defer or even prevent a change in control of our company and may make some transactions more difficult or impossible without the support of mr. adelson. the interests of mr. adelson may differ from your interests.
we are a parent company and our primary source of cash is and will be distributions from our subsidiaries.
we are a parent company with limited business operations of our own. our main asset is the capital stock of our subsidiaries. we conduct most of our business operations through our direct and indirect subsidiaries. accordingly, our primary sources of cash are dividends and distributions with respect to our ownership interests in our subsidiaries that are derived from the earnings and cash flow generated by our operating properties. our subsidiaries might not generate
sufficient earnings and cash flow to pay dividends or distributions in the future. our subsidiaries' payments to us will be contingent upon their earnings and upon other business considerations. in addition, our subsidiaries' debt instruments and other agreements limit or prohibit certain payments of dividends or other distributions to us. we expect that future debt instruments for the financing of our other developments will contain similar restrictions.
our business is sensitive to the willingness of our customers to travel. acts of terrorism, regional political events and developments in the conflicts in certain countries could cause severe disruptions in air travel that reduce the number of visitors to our facilities, resulting in a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
we are dependent on the willingness of our customers to travel. only a small amount of our business is and will be generated by local residents. most of our customers travel to reach our macao, singapore, las vegas and pennsylvania properties. acts of terrorism may severely disrupt domestic and international travel, which would result in a decrease in customer visits to macao, singapore, las vegas and pennsylvania, including our properties. regional conflicts could have a similar effect on domestic and international travel. management cannot predict the extent to which disruptions in air or other forms of travel as a result of any further terrorist act, outbreak of hostilities or escalation of war would have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
we extend credit to a large portion of our customers and we may not be able to collect gaming receivables from our credit players.
we conduct our gaming activities on a credit and cash basis. any such credit we extend is unsecured. table games players typically are extended more credit than slot players, and high-stakes players typically are extended more credit than patrons who tend to wager lower amounts. high-end gaming is more volatile than other forms of gaming, and variances in win-loss results attributable to high-end gaming may have a significant positive or negative impact on cash flow and earnings in a particular quarter.
during the year ended december 31, 2014, approximately 23.0%, 31.0% and 72.3% of our table games drop at our macao properties, marina bay sands and our las vegas properties, respectively, was from credit-based wagering, while table games play at our pennsylvania property is primarily conducted on a cash basis. we extend credit to those customers whose level of play and financial resources warrant, in the opinion of management, an extension of credit. these large receivables could have a significant impact on our results of operations if deemed uncollectible.
while gaming debts evidenced by a credit instrument, including what is commonly referred to as a "marker," and judgments on gaming debts are enforceable under the current laws of nevada, and nevada judgments on gaming debts are enforceable in all states under the full faith and credit clause of the u.s. constitution, other jurisdictions around the world, including jurisdictions our gaming customers may come from, may determine that enforcement of gaming debts is against public policy. although courts of some foreign nations will enforce gaming debts directly and the assets in the u.s. of foreign debtors may be reached to satisfy a judgment, judgments on gaming debts from courts in the u.s. and elsewhere are not binding on the courts of many foreign nations.
win rates for our gaming operations depend on a variety of factors, some beyond our control, and the winnings of our gaming customers could exceed our casino winnings.
the gaming industry is characterized by an element of chance. in addition to the element of chance, win rates are also affected by other factors, including players' skill and experience, the mix of games played, the financial resources of players, the spread of table limits, the volume of bets played and the amount of time played. our gaming profits are mainly derived from the difference between our casino winnings and the casino winnings of our gaming customers. since there is an inherent element of chance in the gaming industry, we do not have full control over our winnings or the winnings of our gaming customers. if the winnings of our gaming customers exceed our winnings, we may record a loss from our gaming operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we face the risk of fraud and cheating.
our gaming customers may attempt or commit fraud or cheat in order to increase winnings. acts of fraud or cheating could involve the use of counterfeit chips or other tactics, possibly in collusion with our employees. internal acts of cheating could also be conducted by employees through collusion with dealers, surveillance staff, floor managers or other casino or gaming area staff. failure to discover such acts or schemes in a timely manner could result in losses in our gaming operations. in addition, negative publicity related to such schemes could have an adverse effect on our reputation, potentially causing a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
a failure to establish and protect our ip rights could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we endeavor to establish and protect our ip rights and our goods and services through trademarks and service marks, copyrights, patents, trade secrets, domain names, licenses, other contractual provisions, nondisclosure agreements, and confidentiality and information-security measures and procedures. there can be no assurance, however, that the steps we take to protect our ip will be sufficient. our inability to adequately obtain, maintain or defend our ip rights for any reason may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. examples include: (1) if one of our marks becomes so well known by the public that its use is deemed generic, we may lose exclusive rights to such mark or be forced to rebrand; (2) if a third party claims our ip has infringed, currently infringes, or could in the future infringe upon its ip rights, we may need to cease use of such ip, defend our rights or take other steps; (3) if third parties violate their obligations to us to maintain the confidentiality of our proprietary information or there is a security breach or lapse, our business may be affected; or (4) if third parties misappropriate or infringe upon our ip, our business could be affected.
conflicts of interest may arise because certain of our directors and officers are also directors of scl.
in november 2009, our subsidiary, scl, listed its ordinary shares on the main board of the stock exchange of hong kong limited (the "scl offering"). we currently own 70.1% of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares of scl. as a result of scl having stockholders who are not affiliated with us, we and certain of our officers and directors who also serve as officers and/or directors of scl may have conflicting fiduciary obligations to our stockholders and to the minority stockholders of scl. decisions that could have different implications for us and scl, including contractual arrangements that we have entered into or may in the future enter into with scl may give rise to the appearance of a potential conflict of interest.
changes in tax laws and regulations could impact our financial condition and results of operations.
we are subject to taxation and regulation by various government agencies, primarily in macao, singapore and the u.s. (federal, state and local levels). from time to time, u.s. federal, state, local and foreign governments make substantive changes to tax rules and the application of these rules, which could result in higher taxes than would be incurred under existing tax law or interpretation. in particular, government agencies may make changes that could reduce the profits that we can effectively realize from our non-u.s. operations. like most u.s. companies, our effective income tax rate reflects the fact that income earned and reinvested outside the u.s. is taxed at local rates, which are often lower than u.s. tax rates. if changes in tax laws and regulations were to significantly increase the tax rates on non-u.s. income, these changes could increase our income tax expense and liability, and therefore, could have an adverse effect on our effective income tax rate, financial condition and results of operations.
disruptions in the financial markets could have an adverse effect on our ability to raise additional financing.
severe disruptions in the commercial credit markets in the recent past have resulted in a tightening of credit markets worldwide. liquidity in the global credit markets was severely contracted by these market disruptions, making it difficult and costly to obtain new lines of credit or to refinance existing debt. the effect of these disruptions was widespread and difficult to quantify. while economic conditions have recently improved, that trend may not continue and the extent of the current economic improvement is unknown. any future disruptions in the commercial credit markets may impact liquidity in the global credit market as greatly, or even more, than in recent years.
our business and financing plan may be dependent upon the completion of future financings. if the credit environment worsens, it may be difficult to obtain any additional financing on acceptable terms, which could have an adverse effect on our ability to complete our remaining planned development projects, and as a consequence, our results of operations and business plans. should general economic conditions not improve, if we are unable to obtain sufficient funding or applicable government approvals such that completion of our planned projects is not probable, or should management decide to abandon certain projects, all or a portion of our investment to date in our planned projects could be lost and would result in an impairment charge.
natural or man-made disasters, an outbreak of highly infectious disease, terrorist activity or war could adversely affect the number of visitors to our facilities and disrupt our operations, resulting in a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
so called "acts of god," such as typhoons, particularly in macao, and other natural disasters, man-made disasters, outbreaks of highly infectious diseases, terrorist activity or war may result in decreases in travel to and from, and economic activity in, areas in which we operate, and may adversely affect the number of visitors to our properties. any of these events also may disrupt our ability to staff our business adequately, could generally disrupt our operations and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. although we have insurance coverage with respect to some of these events, we cannot assure you that any such coverage will be sufficient to indemnify us fully against all direct and indirect costs, including any loss of business that could result from substantial damage to, or partial or complete destruction of, any of our properties.
our failure to maintain the integrity of our customer or company data could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows, and/or subject us to costs, fines or lawsuits.
we face global cybersecurity threats, which may range from uncoordinated individual attempts to sophisticated and targeted measures directed at us. cyber-attacks and security breaches may include, but are not limited to, attempts to access information, including customer and company information, computer viruses, denial of service and other electronic security breaches.
our business requires the collection and retention of large volumes of customer data, including credit card numbers and other personally identifiable information in various information systems that we maintain and in those maintained by third-parties with whom we contract to provide data services. we also maintain important internal company data such as personally identifiable information about our employees and information relating to our operations. the integrity and protection of that customer and company data is important to us. our collection of such customer and company data is subject to extensive regulation by private groups such as the payment card industry as well as domestic and foreign governmental authorities, including gaming authorities. our systems may be unable to satisfy applicable regulations or employee and customer expectations.
in addition, we have experienced a sophisticated criminal cybersecurity attack in the past, including a recent breach of our information technology systems, referred to in "item 3 - legal proceedings," in which customer and company information was compromised and certain company data may have been destroyed, and we may experience additional cybersecurity attacks in the future, potentially with more frequency or sophistication. our information systems and records, including those we maintain with our third-party service providers, may be subject to cybersecurity breaches, system failures, viruses, operator error or inadvertent releases of data. our third-party information system service providers face risks relating to cybersecurity similar to ours, and we do not directly control any of such parties' information security operations. a significant theft, loss or fraudulent use of customer or company data maintained by us or by a third-party service provider could have an adverse effect on our reputation, cause a material disruption to our operations and management team, and result in remediation expenses, regulatory penalties and litigation by customers and other parties whose information was subject to such attacks, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows.
risks associated with our international operations conducting business in macao and singapore has certain political and economic risks, which may have an adverse effect on the financial condition, results of operations or cash flows of our asian operations.
our operations in macao include the venetian macao, four seasons macao, sands cotai central and sands macao. we plan to open and operate additional hotels, gaming areas and meeting space within the cotai strip in macao, including the parisian macao, which is currently anticipated to open in 2016, subject to macao government approval. we also own and operate the marina bay sands in singapore. accordingly, our business development plans, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows may be materially and adversely affected by significant political, social and economic developments in macao and singapore, and by changes in policies of the governments or changes in laws and regulations or their interpretations. our operations in macao and singapore are also exposed to the risk of changes in laws and policies that govern operations of companies based in those countries. jurisdictional tax laws and regulations may also be subject to amendment or different interpretation and implementation, thereby having an adverse effect on our profitability after tax. these changes may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
as we expect a significant number of consumers to continue to come to our macao properties from mainland china, general economic conditions and policies in china could have a significant impact on our financial prospects. any slowdown in economic growth or changes to china's current restrictions on travel and currency movements could disrupt the number of visitors from mainland china to our casinos in macao as well as the amounts they are willing to spend in our casinos. see "- the number of visitors to macao, particularly visitors from mainland china, may decline or travel to macao may be disrupted."
current macao and singapore laws and regulations concerning gaming and gaming concessions and licenses are, for the most part, fairly recent and there is little precedent on the interpretation of these laws and regulations. we believe that our organizational structure and operations are in compliance in all material respects with all applicable laws and regulations of macao and singapore. these laws and regulations are complex and a court or an administrative or regulatory body may in the future render an interpretation of these laws and regulations, or issue regulations, which differs from our interpretation and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
in addition, our activities in macao and singapore are subject to administrative review and approval by various government agencies. we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain all necessary approvals, which may have a material adverse effect on our long-term business strategy and operations. macao and singapore laws permit redress to the courts with respect to administrative actions; however, such redress is largely untested in relation to gaming issues.
recently, the macao government approved smoking control legislation, which prohibits smoking in casinos starting on october 6, 2014. the legislation, however, permits casinos to maintain designated smoking areas of up to 50% of the areas opened to the public, so long as such areas are within restricted access areas and comply with the conditions set out in the dispatch of the chief executive, dated november 1, 2012, as amended by the dispatch of the chief executive, dated june 3, 2014. the implementation of such legislation may deter potential gaming customers who are smokers from frequenting casinos in jurisdictions with smoking bans such as macao. such laws and regulations could change or could be interpreted differently in the future. we cannot predict the future likelihood or outcome of similar legislation or referendums in other jurisdictions where we operate or the magnitude of any decrease in revenues as a result of such regulations, though any smoking ban could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
we are currently required to build and open the parisian macao by april 2016 and complete sands cotai central by december 2016. if we are unable to meet the respective deadlines and the deadlines for either development are not extended, we may lose the respective land concession, which would prohibit us from operating any facilities developed under such land concession.
government granted us two extensions of the development deadline under the land concession for the parisian macao. under the terms of the land concession, we must complete the parisian macao by april 2016. see "- risks related to our business - disruptions in the financial markets could have an adverse effect on our ability to raise additional financing," "- risks related to our business - there are significant risks associated with our ongoing and future construction projects, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows from these planned facilities" and "- conducting business in macao and singapore has certain political and economic risks, which may have an adverse effect on the financial condition, results of operations or cash flows of our asian operations." the land concession for sands cotai central contains a similar requirement that the corresponding development be completed by december 2016. should we determine that we are unable to complete the parisian macao or sands cotai central by their respective deadlines, we would expect to apply for an extension from the macao government. no assurance can be given that additional extensions will be granted. if we are unable to meet the current deadlines and the deadlines for either development are not extended, the macao government has the right to unilaterally terminate our respective land concessions for the parisian macao or sands cotai central. a loss of the land concession would prohibit us from operating any properties developed under the land concession for the parisian macao or sands cotai central. as a result, we could record a charge for all or some portion of our $804.3 million and $4.47 billion in capitalized costs and land premiums (net of amortization), as of december 31, 2014, for the parisian macao or sands cotai central, respectively.
our macao subconcession can be terminated under certain circumstances without compensation to us, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
the macao government has the right, after consultation with galaxy, to unilaterally terminate our subconcession in the event of vml's serious non-compliance with its basic obligations under the subconcession and applicable macao laws. upon termination of our subconcession, our casinos and gaming-related equipment would automatically be transferred to the macao government without compensation to us and we would cease to generate any revenues from these operations. the loss of our subconcession would prohibit us from conducting gaming operations in macao, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
our singapore concession can be terminated under certain circumstances without compensation to us, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
the development agreement between mbs and the stb contains events of default that could permit the stb to terminate the agreement without compensation to us. if the development agreement is terminated, we could lose our right to operate the marina bay sands and our investment in marina bay sands could be lost.
for a more complete description of the singapore gaming regulatory requirements applicable to beneficial owners of our voting securities, see "item 1 - business - regulation and licensing - development agreement with singapore tourism board."
we will stop generating any revenues from our macao gaming operations if we cannot secure an extension of our subconcession in 2022 or if the macao government exercises its redemption right.
our subconcession agreement expires on june 26, 2022. unless our subconcession is extended, all of vml's casino premises and gaming-related equipment will be transferred automatically to the macao government on that date without compensation to us and we will cease to generate revenues from these gaming operations. beginning on december 26, 2017, the macao government may redeem the subconcession agreement by providing us at least one year prior notice. in the event the macao government exercises this redemption right, we are entitled to fair compensation or indemnity. the amount of this compensation or indemnity will be determined based on the amount of gaming and non-gaming revenue generated by the venetian macao during the tax year prior to the redemption multiplied by the number of remaining years before expiration of the subconcession. we cannot assure you that we will be able to renew or extend our subconcession agreement on terms favorable to us or at all. we also cannot assure you that if our subconcession is redeemed, the compensation paid will be adequate to compensate us for the loss of future revenues.
the number of visitors to macao, particularly visitors from mainland china, may decline or travel to macao may be disrupted.
our vip and mass market gaming customers typically come from nearby destinations in asia, including mainland china, hong kong, south korea and japan. increasingly, a significant number of gaming customers come to our casinos from mainland china. any slowdown in economic growth or changes of china's current restrictions on travel and currency movements could disrupt the number of visitors from mainland china to our casinos in macao as well as the amounts they are willing and able to spend while at our properties.
policies and measures adopted from time to time by the chinese government include restrictions imposed on exit visas granted to residents of mainland china for travel to macao and hong kong. these measures have, and any future policy developments that may be implemented may have, the effect of reducing the number of visitors to macao from mainland china, which could adversely impact tourism and the gaming industry in macao.
our macao operations face intense competition, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
the hotel, resort and casino businesses are highly competitive. our macao operations currently compete with numerous other casinos located in macao. our macao operations will also compete to some extent with casinos located elsewhere in asia, including singapore, philippines, korea, australia, new zealand and elsewhere in the world, including las vegas. in addition, certain countries have legalized, and others may in the future legalize, casino gaming, including japan, taiwan and thailand.
the proliferation of gaming venues, especially in southeast asia, could have a significant and adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
the macao and singapore governments could grant additional rights to conduct gaming in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
we hold a subconcession under one of only three gaming concessions authorized by the macao government to operate casinos in macao. no additional concessions have been granted since 2002; however, if the macao government were to allow additional gaming operators in macao through the grant of additional concessions or subconcessions, we would face additional competition, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
we hold one of two licenses granted by the singapore government to develop an integrated resort, including a casino. under the request for proposal, the cra is required to ensure that there will not be more than two casino licenses during a ten-year exclusive period that began on march 1, 2007. if the singapore government were to license additional casinos, we would face additional competition, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
we may not be able to attract and retain professional staff necessary for our existing and future operations in macao and singapore.
our success depends in large part upon our ability to attract, retain, train, manage and motivate skilled employees at our properties. in addition, the macao government requires that we only hire macao residents as dealers in our casinos. there is significant competition in macao and singapore for employees with the skills required to perform the services we offer and competition for these individuals in macao is likely to increase as we open the remaining phase of sands cotai central and the parisian macao, and as other competitors expand their operations. there can be no assurance that a sufficient number of construction labor and skilled employees will be available or that we will be successful in training, retaining and motivating current or future employees. if we are unable to obtain, attract, retain and train skilled employees, our ability to adequately manage and staff our existing and planned casino and resort properties in macao and singapore could be impaired, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
we are dependent upon gaming junket operators for a significant portion of our gaming revenues in macao.
junket operators, which promote gaming and draw high-roller customers to casinos, are responsible for a significant portion of our gaming revenues in macao. with the rise in gaming in macao, the competition for relationships with junket operators has increased. there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain, or grow, our relationships with junket operators. if we are unable to maintain or grow our relationships with junket operators, or if the junket operators experience financial difficulties or are unable to develop or maintain relationships with our high-roller customers, our ability to grow our gaming revenues will be hampered.
if junket operators attempt to negotiate changes to our operational agreements, including higher commissions, it could result in higher costs for us, loss of business to a competitor or loss of relationships with junket operators, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
in addition, the quality of junket operators is important to our reputation and our ability to continue to operate in compliance with our gaming licenses. while we strive for excellence in our associations with junket operators, we cannot assure you that the junket operators with whom we are associated will meet the high standards we insist upon. if a junket operator falls below our standards, we may suffer reputational harm, as well as worsening relationships with, and possible sanctions from, gaming regulators with authority over our operations.
our business could be adversely affected by the limitations of the pataca exchange markets and restrictions on the export of the renminbi.
our revenues in macao are denominated in patacas, the legal currency of macao, and hong kong dollars. the macao pataca and the hong kong dollar are linked to each other and, in many cases, are used interchangeably in macao. although currently permitted, we cannot assure you that patacas will continue to be freely exchangeable into u.s. dollars. also, because the currency market for patacas is relatively small and undeveloped, our ability to convert large amounts of patacas into u.s. dollars over a relatively short period may be limited. as a result, we may experience difficulty in converting patacas into u.s. dollars.
we are currently prohibited from accepting wagers in renminbi, the legal currency of china. there are also restrictions on the export of the renminbi outside of mainland china and the amount of renminbi that can be converted into foreign currencies, including the pataca and hong kong dollar. restrictions on the export of the renminbi may impede the flow of gaming customers from mainland china to macao, inhibit the growth of gaming in macao and negatively impact our gaming operations.
on july 21, 2005, the people's bank of china announced that the renminbi will no longer be pegged to the u.s. dollar, but will be allowed to float in a band (and, to a limited extent, increase in value) against a basket of foreign currencies. the macao pataca is pegged to the hong kong dollar. certain asian countries have publicly asserted their desire to eliminate the peg of the hong kong dollar to the u.s. dollar. as a result, we cannot assure you that the hong kong dollar and the macao pataca will continue to be pegged to the u.s. dollar or that the current peg rate for these currencies will remain at the same level. the floating of the renminbi and possible changes to the peg of the hong kong dollar may result in severe fluctuations in the exchange rate for these currencies. any change in such exchange rates could have a material adverse effect on our operations and on our ability to make payments on certain of our debt instruments. we do not currently hedge for foreign currency risk; however, we maintain a significant amount of our operating funds in the same currencies in which we have obligations, thereby reducing our exposure to currency fluctuations.
certain nevada gaming laws also apply to our gaming activities and associations in jurisdictions outside the state of nevada. we are required to comply with certain reporting requirements concerning our proposed gaming activities and associations occurring outside the state of nevada, including macao, singapore and other jurisdictions. we will also be subject to disciplinary action by the nevada commission if:
•   we knowingly violate any laws of the foreign jurisdiction pertaining to the foreign gaming operation;
•   we fail to conduct the foreign gaming operation in accordance with the standards of honesty and integrity required of nevada gaming operations;
•   we engage in any activity or enter into any association that is unsuitable for us because it poses an unreasonable threat to the control of gaming in nevada, reflects or tends to reflect discredit or disrepute upon the state of nevada or gaming in nevada, or is contrary to the gaming policies of nevada;
•   we engage in any activity or enter into any association that interferes with the ability of the state of nevada to collect gaming taxes and fees; or
•   we employ, contract with or associate with any person in the foreign gaming operation who has been denied a license or a finding of suitability in nevada on the ground of personal unsuitability, or who has been found guilty of cheating at gambling.
also, as we are required to provide any other information that the nevada commission may require concerning our gaming activities and associations in jurisdictions outside the state of nevada, we could be subject to disciplinary action by the nevada commission if our current reporting is determined to be unsatisfactory due to macao regulations regarding personal data protection prohibiting us from satisfying certain reporting requirements of the nevada commission.
in addition, if the nevada board determines that one of our actual or intended activities or associations in a foreign gaming operation may violate one or more of the foregoing, we can be required to file an application with the nevada commission for a finding of suitability of such activity or association. if the nevada commission finds that the activity or association in the foreign gaming operation is unsuitable or prohibited, we will either be required to terminate the activity or association, or will be prohibited from undertaking the activity or association. consequently, should the nevada commission find that our gaming activities or associations in macao or certain other jurisdictions where we operate are unsuitable, we may be prohibited from undertaking our planned gaming activities or associations in those jurisdictions.
the gaming authorities in other jurisdictions where we operate or plan to operate, including in macao and singapore, exercise similar powers for purposes of assessing suitability in relation to our activities in other gaming jurisdictions where we do business.
we may not be able to monetize some of our real estate assets.
part of our business strategy in macao and singapore relies upon our ability to profitably operate, sell and/or grant rights of use over certain of our real estate assets once developed, including retail malls and apart-hotels. our ability to monetize these assets will be subject to market conditions, applicable legislation, the receipt of necessary government approvals and other factors. if we are unable to profitably operate and/or monetize these real estate assets, it may have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
vml may have financial and other obligations to foreign workers managed by its contractors under government labor quotas.
the macao government has granted vml a quota to permit it to hire foreign workers. vml has effectively assigned the management of this quota to its contractors for the construction of our cotai strip projects. vml, however, remains ultimately liable for all employer obligations relating to these employees, including for payment of wages and taxes and compliance with labor and workers' compensation laws. vml requires each contractor to whom it has assigned the management of part of its labor quota to indemnify vml for any costs or liabilities vml incurs as a result of such contractor's failure to fulfill employer obligations. vml's agreements with its contractors also contain provisions that permit it to retain some payments for up to one year after the contractors' complete work on the projects. we cannot assure you that vml's contractors will fulfill their obligations to employees hired under the labor quotas or to vml under the indemnification agreements, or that the amount of any indemnification payments received will be sufficient to pay for any obligations vml may owe to employees managed by contractors under vml's quotas. until we make final payments to our contractors, we have offset rights to collect amounts they may owe us, including amounts owed under the indemnities relating to employer obligations. after we have made the final payments, it may be more difficult for us to enforce any unpaid indemnity obligations.
macao is in the process of expanding its transportation infrastructure to service the increased number of visitors to macao. if the planned expansions of transportation facilities to and from macao are delayed or not completed, and macao's transportation infrastructure is insufficient to meet the demands of an increased volume of visitors to macao, the desirability of macao as a business and leisure tourism destination, as well as the results of operations of our macao properties, could be negatively impacted.
we are currently not required to pay corporate income taxes on our casino gaming operations in macao. additionally, we currently have an agreement with the macao government that provides for a fixed annual payment that is a substitution for a 12% tax otherwise due from vml's shareholders on dividends distributed from our macao gaming operations. these tax arrangements expire at the end of 2018.
we have had the benefit of a corporate tax exemption in macao, which exempts us from paying the 12% corporate income tax on profits generated by the operation of casino games. this exemption does not apply to our non-gaming activities. we will continue to benefit from this tax exemption through the end of 2018. additionally, we entered into an agreement with the macao government in may 2014, effective through the end of 2018 that provides for an annual payment that is a substitution for a 12% tax otherwise due from vml shareholders on dividend distributions paid from vml gaming profits. we intend to request five-year extensions of these tax arrangements; however, we cannot assure you that either of these tax arrangements will be extended beyond their expiration dates.
risks associated with our u.s. operations we face significant competition in las vegas, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. in addition, any significant downturn in the trade show and convention business could have a significant and adverse effect on our mid-week occupancy rates and business.
the hotel, resort and casino businesses in las vegas are highly competitive. we also compete, to some extent, with other hotel/casino facilities in nevada and atlantic city, as well as hotel/casinos and other resort facilities and vacation destinations elsewhere in the united states and around the world. in addition, various competitors on the las vegas strip periodically expand and/or renovate their existing facilities. if demand for hotel rooms does not keep up with the increase in the number of hotel rooms, competitive pressures may cause reductions in average room rates.
we also compete with legalized gaming from casinos located on native american tribal lands, including those located in california. while the competitive impact on our operations in las vegas from the continued growth of native american gaming establishments in california remains uncertain, the proliferation of gaming in california and other areas located in the same region as our las vegas operating properties could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
in addition, certain states have legalized, and others may legalize, casino gaming in specific areas, including metropolitan areas from which we traditionally attract customers. a number of states have permitted or are considering permitting gaming at "racinos" (combined race tracks and casinos), on native american reservations and through expansion of state lotteries.
certain states within the u.s. have also legalized, and others in the future may legalize, online gaming. there are a number of established, well capitalized companies producing and operating online gaming offerings that compete with us. online gaming is a new and evolving industry and is potentially subject to significant future development, including legal and regulatory development.
the current global trend toward liberalization of gaming restrictions and resulting proliferation of gaming venues could result in a decrease in the number of visitors to our las vegas facilities by attracting customers close to home and away from las vegas, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. also, on december 23, 2011, the doj released an opinion on the application of the wire act to interstate transmission of wire communications, concluding that such communications that did not relate to a "sporting event or contest" fell outside the prohibition of the wire act. in concluding as such, the doj reversed earlier opinions that the wire act was not limited to such communications on sporting events or contests. those states that permit these
distribution channels may also expand the gaming offerings of their lotteries in a manner that could have an adverse effect on our business.
the sands expo center provides recurring demand for mid-week room nights for business travelers who attend meetings, trade shows and conventions in las vegas. the sands expo center presently competes with other large convention centers, including convention centers in las vegas and other cities. to the extent that these competitors are able to capture a substantially larger portion of the trade show and convention business, there could be a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
certain beneficial owners of our voting securities may be required to file an application with, and be investigated by, the nevada gaming authorities, and the nevada commission may restrict the ability of a beneficial owner to receive any benefit from our voting securities and may require the disposition of shares of our voting securities, if a beneficial owner is found to be unsuitable.
any person who acquires beneficial ownership of more than 10% of our voting securities will be required to apply to the nevada commission for a finding of suitability within thirty days after the chairman of the nevada board mails a written notice requiring the filing. under certain circumstances, an "institutional investor" as defined under the regulations of the nevada commission, which acquires beneficial ownership of more than 10%, but not more than 25%, of our voting securities (subject to certain additional holdings as a result of certain debt restructurings or stock repurchase programs under the nevada act), may apply to the nevada commission for a waiver of such finding of suitability requirement if the institutional investor holds our voting securities only for investment purposes. in addition, any beneficial owner of our voting securities, regardless of the number of shares beneficially owned, may be required at the discretion of the nevada commission to file an application for a finding of suitability as such. in either case, a finding of suitability is comparable to licensing and the applicant must pay all costs of investigation incurred by the nevada gaming authorities in conducting the investigation.
any person who fails or refuses to apply for a finding of suitability or a license within thirty days after being ordered to do so by the nevada gaming authorities may be found unsuitable. the same restrictions apply to a record owner if the record owner, after request, fails to identify the beneficial owner. any stockholder found unsuitable who holds, directly or indirectly, any beneficial ownership of the common stock of a registered corporation beyond such period of time as may be prescribed by the nevada commission may be guilty of a criminal offense. we are subject to disciplinary action if, after we receive notice that a person is unsuitable to be a stockholder or to have any other relationship with us or a licensed subsidiary, we, or any of the licensed subsidiaries:
•   pay remuneration in any form to that person for services rendered or otherwise; or
•   fail to pursue all lawful efforts to require such unsuitable person to relinquish his or her voting securities including, if necessary, purchasing them for cash at fair market value.
for a more complete description of the nevada gaming regulatory requirements applicable to beneficial owners of our voting securities, see "item 1 - business - regulation and licensing - state of nevada."
certain beneficial owners of our voting securities may be required to file a license application with, and be investigated by, the pennsylvania gaming control board, the pennsylvania state police and other agencies.
any person who acquires beneficial ownership of 5% or more of our voting securities will be required to apply to the pagcb for licensure, obtain licensure and remain licensed. licensure requires, among other things, that the applicant establish by clear and convincing evidence the applicant's good character, honesty and integrity. additionally, any trust that holds 5% or more of our voting securities is required to be licensed by the pagcb and each individual who is a grantor, trustee or beneficiary of the trust is also required to be licensed by the pagcb. under certain circumstances and under the regulations of the pagcb, an "institutional investor" as defined under the regulations of the pagcb, which acquires beneficial ownership of 5% or more, but less than 10%, of our voting securities, may not be required to be licensed by the pagcb provided the pagcb grants a waiver of the licensure requirement. in addition,
any beneficial owner of our voting securities, regardless of the number of shares beneficially owned, may be required at the discretion of the pagcb to file an application for licensure.
furthermore, a person or a group of persons acting in concert who acquire(s) more than 20% of our securities, with the exception of the ownership interest of a person at the time of original licensure when the license fee was paid, would trigger a "change in control" (as defined under applicable law). such a change in control could require us to re-apply for licensure by the pagcb and incur a $50.0 million license fee.
in the event a security holder is required to be found qualified and is not found qualified, or fails to apply for qualification, such security holder may be required by the pagcb to divest of the interest at a price not exceeding the cost of the interest.
for a more complete description of the pennsylvania gaming regulatory requirements applicable to beneficial owners of our voting securities, see "item 1 - business - regulation and licensing - commonwealth of pennsylvania."
if ggp (or any future owner of the grand canal shoppes) breaches any of its material agreements with us or if we are unable to maintain an acceptable working relationship with ggp (or any future owner), there could be a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
we have entered into agreements with ggp under which, among other things, ggp has agreed to operate the grand canal shoppes subject to, and in accordance with, the cooperation agreement. our agreements with ggp could be adversely affected in ways that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows if we do not maintain an acceptable working relationship with ggp or its successors. for example, the cooperation agreement that governs the relationships between the grand canal shoppes and the palazzo and the venetian las vegas requires that the owners cooperate in various ways and take various joint actions, which will be more difficult to accomplish, especially in a cost-effective manner, if the parties do not have an acceptable working relationship.
there could be similar material adverse consequences to us if ggp breaches any of its agreements with us, such as its agreement under the cooperation agreement to operate the grand canal shoppes consistent with the standards of first-class restaurant and retail complexes and the overall venetian theme in the section formerly referred to as the grand canal shoppes, and its various obligations as our landlord under the leases described above. although our agreements with ggp provide us with various remedies in the event of any breaches by ggp and include various dispute resolution procedures and mechanisms, these remedies, procedures and mechanisms may be inadequate to prevent a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows if breaches by ggp occur or if we do not maintain an acceptable working relationship with ggp.
item 7. - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the audited consolidated financial statements, and the notes thereto and other financial information included in this form 10-k. certain statements in this "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" are forward-looking statements. see "- special note regarding forward-looking statements."
operations we view each of our casino properties as an operating segment. our macao operating segments consist of the venetian macao, sands cotai central, four seasons macao, sands macao and other ancillary operations that support these properties. our singapore operating segment consists of the marina bay sands. our operating segments in the u.s. consist of the venetian las vegas, the palazzo and sands bethlehem. the venetian las vegas and the palazzo operating segments are managed as a single integrated resort and have been aggregated into our las vegas operating properties, considering their similar economic characteristics, types of customers, types of services and products, the regulatory business environment of the operations within each segment and the company's organizational and management reporting structure. for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, gross revenue at our reportable segments was derived as follows:
•   at our las vegas operating properties, approximately 67.6% and 63.8%, respectively, was from room, food and beverage and other non-gaming sources, with the remainder from gaming activities. the percentage of
non-gaming revenue reflects the integrated resort's emphasis on the group convention and trade show business and the resulting high occupancy and room rates throughout the week, including during mid-week periods.
summary financial results the following table summarizes our results of operations:
2014                                                                          percentchange   2013                           percentchange   2012
operating expenses                                    10,484,623               1.2        %          10,361,642              17.5        %           8,819,750
operating income                                       4,099,226              20.3        %           3,408,243              47.5        %           2,311,382
percent of net revenuesyear ended december 31,
operating expenses                                  71.9   %                75.2       %            79.2       %
operating income                                    28.1   %                24.8       %            20.8       %
our historical financial results will not be indicative of our future results as we continue to develop and open new properties, including the parisian macao and the remaining phase of sands cotai central.
key operating revenue measurements operating revenues at the venetian macao, sands cotai central, four seasons macao, marina bay sands and our las vegas operating properties are dependent upon the volume of customers who stay at the hotel, which affects the price that can be charged for hotel rooms and our gaming volume. operating revenues at sands macao and sands bethlehem are principally driven by casino customers who visit the properties on a daily basis.
the following are the key measurements we use to evaluate operating revenues:
casino revenue measurements for macao and singapore: macao and singapore table games are segregated into two groups, consistent with the macao and singapore markets' convention: rolling chip play (all vip players) and non-rolling chip play (mostly non-vip players). the volume measurement for rolling chip play is non-negotiable gaming chips wagered and lost. the volume measurement for non-rolling chip play is table games drop ("drop"), which is the sum of markers issued (credit instruments) less markers paid at the table, plus cash deposited in the table drop box. rolling chip and non-rolling chip volume measurements are not comparable as the amounts wagered and lost are substantially higher than the amounts dropped. slot handle ("handle"), also a volume measurement, is the gross amount wagered for the period cited.
we view rolling chip win as a percentage of rolling chip volume, non-rolling chip win as a percentage of drop and slot hold as a percentage of slot handle. win or hold percentage represents the percentage of rolling chip volume, non-rolling chip drop or slot handle that is won by the casino and recorded as casino revenue. based upon our mix of table games, our rolling chip win percentage (calculated before discounts and commissions) is expected
to be 2.7% to 3.0%. generally, slot machine play is conducted on a cash basis. in macao and singapore, 23.0% and 31.0%, respectively, of our table games play was conducted on a credit basis for the year ended december 31, 2014.
casino revenue measurements for the u.s.: the volume measurements in the u.s. are table games drop and slot handle, as previously described. we view table games win as a percentage of drop and slot hold as a percentage of handle. based upon our mix of table games, our table games are expected to produce a win percentage (calculated before discounts) of 22% to 30% for baccarat and 14% to 18% for non-baccarat. as in macao and singapore, slot machine play is generally conducted on a cash basis. approximately 72.3% of our table games play at our las vegas operating properties, for the year ended december 31, 2014, was conducted on a credit basis, while our table games play in pennsylvania is primarily conducted on a cash basis.
hotel revenue measurements: performance indicators used are occupancy rate, which is the average percentage of available hotel rooms occupied during a period, and average daily room rate, which is the average price of occupied rooms per day. the calculations of the hotel occupancy and average daily room rates include the impact of rooms provided on a complimentary basis. complimentary room rates are determined based on an analysis of retail (or cash) room rates by customer segment and type of room product to ensure the complimentary room rates are consistent with retail rates. revenue per available room represents a summary of hotel average daily room rates and occupancy. because not all available rooms are occupied, average daily room rates are normally higher than revenue per available room. reserved rooms where the guests do not show up for their stay and lose their deposit may be re-sold to walk-in guests. these rooms are considered to be occupied twice for statistical purposes due to obtaining the original deposit and the walk-in guest revenue. in cases where a significant number of rooms are resold, occupancy rates may be in excess of 100% and revenue per available room may be higher than the average daily room rate.
mall revenue measurements: occupancy, base rent per square foot and tenant sales per square foot are used as performance indicators. occupancy represents gross leasable occupied area ("gloa") divided by gross leasable area ("gla") at the end of the reporting period. gloa is the sum of: (1) tenant occupied space under lease and (2) tenants no longer occupying space, but paying rent. gla does not include space that is currently under development or not on the market for lease. base rent per square foot is the weighted average base, or minimum, rent charge in effect at the end of the reporting period for all tenants that would qualify to be included in occupancy. tenant sales per square foot is the sum of reported comparable sales for the trailing 12 months divided by the comparable square footage for the same period. only tenants that have been open for a minimum of 12 months are included in the tenant sales per square foot calculation.
operating revenues our net revenues consisted of the following:
2014                                                 2013                              percent change
consolidated net revenues were $14.58 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014, an increase of $814.0 million compared to $13.77 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase in net revenues was driven by increases of $605.0 million at our macao operating properties and $245.8 million at marina bay sands, primarily due to increased casino revenues.
casino revenues increased $617.4 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, despite the challenges in the vip market. the increase is primarily due to an increase of $474.9 million at our macao operating properties, which were driven by increases in non-rolling chip drop, partially offset by decreases in rolling chip volume due to decreased demand in the vip market. the following table summarizes the results of our casino activity:
2014                                                                      2013                  change
las vegas operating properties total casino revenues                  $509,205                  $584,372                (12.9)%
in our experience, average win percentages remain steady when measured over extended periods of time, but can vary considerably within shorter time periods as a result of the statistical variances that are associated with games of chance in which large amounts are wagered.
room revenues increased $159.7 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase is primarily due to an $84.1 million increase at sands cotai central, driven by increases in occupancy and average daily room rates. there were also increases of $28.0 million, $23.7 million and $19.0 million at the venetian macao, marina bay sands and our las vegas operating properties, respectively, which were driven by an increase in average daily room rates. the suites at sands macao are primarily provided to casino patrons on a complimentary basis. the following table summarizes the results of our room activity:
2014                                                                 2013                 change
las vegas operating properties total room revenues                 $491,493                $472,518                  4.0%
food and beverage revenues increased $48.5 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase was primarily due to a $41.4 million increase at our macao operating properties, driven by an increase in property visitation.
mall revenues increased $72.1 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase was primarily due to a $56.0 million increase at our macao operating properties, driven by an increase in base rents. for further information related to the financial performance of our malls, see"- additional information regarding our retail mall operations." the following table summarizes the results of our mall activity:
2014                                                                            2013                 change
(1)   the first, second and third phases of the shoppes at cotai central opened in april and september 2012 and june 2014, respectively. at completion, the shoppes at cotai central will feature up to 600,000 square feet of gross leasable area.
operating expenses the breakdown of operating expenses is as follows:
2014                                                               2013                              percent change
development                                          14,325                    15,809                (9.4        )%
amortization of leasehold interests in land          40,598                    40,352                 0.6         %
loss on disposal of assets                            6,856                    11,156               (38.5        )%
total operating expenses                        $10,484,623               $10,361,642                 1.2         %
operating expenses were $10.48 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014, an increase of $123.0 million compared to $10.36 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase in operating expenses was primarily attributable to an increase in casino expenses at our macao operating properties.
casino expenses increased $221.8 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase was primarily due to a $229.6 million increase at our macao operating properties, of which $104.3 million was due to the 39% gross win tax on increased casino revenues and the remaining $125.3 million was driven by an increase in payroll-related expenses.
the provision for doubtful accounts was $186.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to $237.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. the decrease was driven by the overall decrease in casino receivables at our macao operating properties due to the decrease in vip play. the amount of this provision can vary over short periods of time because of factors specific to the customers who owe us money from gaming activities at any given time. we believe that the amount of our provision for doubtful accounts in the future will depend upon the state of the economy, our credit standards, our risk assessments and the judgment of our employees responsible for granting credit.
general and administrative expenses decreased $71.6 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. the decrease was primarily attributable to a $78.5 million decrease at marina bay sands, driven by a $90.1 million property tax refund received in december 2014 related to the settlement of taxes assessed and paid for the years 2010 through 2014. there was also a $36.5 million decrease at our las vegas operating properties, driven by a $47.4 million legal settlement charge incurred in august 2013 (see "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - note 13 - commitments and contingencies - litigation"). these decreases were partially offset by a $37.0 million increase at our macao operating properties.
pre-opening expenses were $26.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to $13.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. pre-opening expense represents personnel and other costs incurred prior to the opening of new ventures, which are expensed as incurred. pre-opening expenses for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, were primarily related to activities at the parisian macao and sands cotai central, respectively. development expenses include the costs associated with the company's evaluation and pursuit of new business opportunities, which are also expensed as incurred.
adjusted property ebitda adjusted property ebitda is used by management as the primary measure of the operating performance of our segments. adjusted property ebitda is net income before intersegment royalty fees, stock-based compensation expense, legal settlement expense, corporate expense, pre-opening expense, development expense, depreciation and amortization, amortization of leasehold interests in land, impairment loss, loss on disposal of assets, interest, other income (expense), loss on modification or early retirement of debt and income taxes. the following table summarizes information related to our segments (see "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - note 17 - segment information" for discussion of our operating segments and a reconciliation of adjusted property ebitda to net income):
2014                                                  2013                              percent change
las vegas operating properties         313,913                   351,739               (10.8        )%
n.m. - not meaningful adjusted property ebitda at our macao operations increased $361.1 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. as previously described, the increase was primarily due to a $605.0 million increase in net revenues at our macao operating properties, partially offset by a $229.6 million increase in casino expenses. additionally, there was a $55.0 million increase in expenses due to a new bonus program for non-management employees in macao initiated during the year ended december 31, 2014.
adjusted property ebitda at our las vegas operating properties decreased $37.8 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. the decrease was primarily due to a $44.8 million decrease in net revenues (excluding intersegment royalty revenue) driven by a decrease in casino revenues.
adjusted property ebitda at sands bethlehem decreased $2.8 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. net revenues increased $7.5 million, but were offset by increases of $6.2 million and $5.8 million in general and administrative expenses and casino expenses, respectively.
interest expense the following table summarizes information related to interest expense:
interest cost (which includes the amortization of deferred financing costs and original issue discounts)        $268,299                    $260,704
add - imputed interest on deferred proceeds from sale of the shoppes at the palazzo                               15,190                      15,168
less - capitalized interest                                                                                       (9,308     )                (4,661     )
interest cost increased $7.6 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, due to an increase in our weighted average debt balance. capitalized interest increased $4.6 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, primarily due to the construction of the parisian macao.
other factors effecting earnings other income was $2.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to $4.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. the amounts in both periods were primarily due to foreign exchange gains.
the loss on modification or early retirement of debt was $19.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, and was primarily due to an $18.0 million loss related to the amendment of our 2011 vml credit facility in march 2014 (see "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - note 8 - long-term debt - 2011 vml credit facility").
our effective income tax rate was 6.4% for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to 6.0% for the year ended december 31, 2013. the effective income tax rates reflect a 17% statutory tax rate on our singapore operations and a zero percent tax rate on profits generated by our macao gaming operations due to our income tax exemption in macao, which was extended in october 2013 through the end of 2018. we have recorded a valuation allowance related to certain deferred tax assets generated by operations in the u.s. and certain foreign jurisdictions; however, to the extent that the financial results of these operations improve and it becomes "more-likely-than-not" that these deferred tax assets or a portion thereof are realizable, we will reduce the valuation allowances in the period such determination is made.
the net income attributable to our noncontrolling interests was $747.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to $648.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. these amounts are primarily related to the noncontrolling interest of scl.
operating revenues our net revenues consisted of the following:
2013                                                 2012                              percent change
consolidated net revenues were $13.77 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013, an increase of $2.64 billion compared to $11.13 billion for the year ended december 31, 2012. the increase in net revenues was driven by an increase of $1.65 billion at sands cotai central due to its progressive opening that commenced in april 2012, and an increase of $813.3 million at the venetian macao, primarily due to increased casino revenues.
casino revenues increased $2.38 billion compared to the year ended december 31, 2012. the increase is primarily attributable to an increase of $1.47 billion at sands cotai central, due to its progressive opening, and a $786.5 million increase at the venetian macao, driven by an increase in non-rolling chip drop. the following table summarizes the results of our casino activity:
2013                                                                      2012                  change
las vegas operating properties total casino revenues                  $584,372                  $512,647                  14.0%
in our experience, average win percentages remain steady when measured over extended periods of time, but can vary considerably within shorter time periods as a result of the statistical variances that are associated with games of chance in which large amounts are wagered.
room revenues increased $226.7 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2012. the increase is attributable to an increase of $153.0 million at sands cotai central, due to its progressive opening, an increase of $34.8 million at marina bay sands, driven by an increase in average daily room rates, and an increase of $26.3 million at our las vegas operating properties, driven by an increase in occupancy. the suites at sands macao are primarily provided to casino patrons on a complimentary basis. the following table summarizes the results of our room activity:
2013                                                                 2012                 change
las vegas operating properties total room revenues                 $472,518                $446,241                  5.9%
food and beverage revenues increased $101.7 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2012. the increase was primarily attributable to a $62.3 million increase at sands cotai central, due to its progressive opening, as well as a $26.3 million increase at our las vegas operating properties, driven by an increase in banquet operations.
mall revenues increased $84.5 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2012. the increase was primarily due to an $85.3 million increase at our macao operating properties, driven by an increase in base rents as well as the progressive opening of sands cotai central. for further information related to the financial performance of our malls, see"- additional information regarding our retail mall operations." the following table summarizes the results of our mall activity:
2013                                                                            2012                 change
(1)   the first, second and third phases of the shoppes at cotai central opened in april and september 2012 and june 2014, respectively. at completion, the shoppes at cotai central will feature up to 600,000 square feet of gross leasable area.
(2)   beginning in august 2013, a significant portion of the rent paid by the duty-free luxury shops was converted from overage rent to base rent in accordance with the respective lease agreements, resulting in an increase in base rent per square foot.
(3)   the decrease in occupancy at the shoppes at marina bay sands was due to an ongoing repositioning of the mall that brought in new tenants and expanded key luxury tenants. approximately 37,000 square feet of gross leasable area was undergoing new fit-out or development and was not considered occupied as of december 31, 2013.
(4)   a progressive opening of the outlets at sands bethlehem began in november 2011. base rent per square foot and tenant sales per square foot for the year ended december 31, 2012, are excluded from the table as certain co-tenancy requirements were not met during 2012 as the mall was only partially occupied.
operating expenses the breakdown of operating expenses is as follows:
2013                                                               2012                              percent change
development                                          15,809                    19,958               (20.8        )%
amortization of leasehold interests in land          40,352                    40,165                 0.5         %
impairment loss                                           -                   143,674              (100.0        )%
loss on disposal of assets                           11,156                     2,240               398.0         %
total operating expenses                        $10,361,642                $8,819,750                17.5         %
operating expenses were $10.36 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013, an increase of $1.54 billion compared to $8.82 billion for the year ended december 31, 2012. the increase in operating expenses was primarily attributable to the progressive opening of sands cotai central that commenced in april 2012.
casino expenses increased $1.36 billion compared to the year ended december 31, 2012. of the increase, $986.8 million was attributable to the 39% gross win tax on increased casino revenue across all of our macao properties, as well as $211.5 million of additional casino expenses attributable to sands cotai central.
the provision for doubtful accounts was $237.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2013, compared to $239.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2012. the amount of this provision can vary over short periods of time because of factors specific to the customers who owe us money from gaming activities at any given time. we believe that the amount of our provision for doubtful accounts in the future will depend upon the state of the economy, our credit standards, our risk assessments and the judgment of our employees responsible for granting credit.
general and administrative expenses increased $267.8 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2012. the increase was primarily attributable to a $122.2 million increase at sands cotai central, a $72.7 million increase at our las vegas operating properties, driven by a $47.4 million legal settlement expense (see "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - note 13 - commitments and contingencies - litigation"), as well as a $63.9 million increase at the venetian macao, driven by an increase in advertising expense.
pre-opening expenses were $13.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2013, compared to $143.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2012. pre-opening expense represents personnel and other costs incurred prior to the opening of new ventures, which are expensed as incurred. pre-opening expenses for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, were primarily related to activities at sands cotai central. development expenses include the costs associated with the company's evaluation and pursuit of new business opportunities, which are also expensed as incurred.
depreciation and amortization expense increased $115.4 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2012. the increase was primarily attributable to a $146.6 million increase at sands cotai central, partially offset by decreases at our las vegas operating properties and other macao operating properties due to certain assets being fully depreciated.
the impairment loss of $143.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2012, consisted primarily of a $100.7 million write-off of capitalized construction costs related to our former cotai strip development (referred to as parcels 7 and 8) in macao and a $42.9 million impairment due to the termination of the zaia show at the venetian macao.
adjusted property ebitda the following table summarizes information related to our segments:
2013                                                  2012                              percent change
las vegas operating properties         351,739                   331,182                 6.2         %
adjusted property ebitda at our macao operations increased $924.1 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2012. the increase was primarily attributable to an increase of $526.2 million at sands cotai central, due to its progressive opening that commenced in april 2012, as well as an increase of $356.7 million at the venetian macao, driven by an increase in casino activity.
adjusted property ebitda at marina bay sands increased $18.3 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2012. the increase was primarily attributable to an $82.2 million increase in net revenues driven by an increase in casino revenues, partially offset by increases in the associated operating expenses.
adjusted property ebitda at our las vegas operating properties increased $20.6 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2012. net revenues increased $123.2 million (excluding intersegment royalty revenue), but was offset by increases in the associated operating expenses.
adjusted property ebitda at sands bethlehem increased $9.3 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2012. the increase was primarily attributable to a $26.3 million increase in net revenues, driven by an increase in casino activity, partially offset by increases in the associated operating expenses.
interest expense the following table summarizes information related to interest expense:
interest cost (which includes the amortization of deferred financing costs and original issue discounts)        $260,704                    $292,790
add - imputed interest on deferred proceeds from sale of the shoppes at the palazzo                               15,168                      15,123
less - capitalized interest                                                                                       (4,661     )               (49,349     )
interest cost decreased $32.1 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2012, resulting primarily from a decrease in our weighted average interest rate. capitalized interest decreased $44.7 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2012, primarily due to the completion of the conrad and holiday inn tower and the first and second sheraton towers of sands cotai central in april and september 2012 and january 2013, respectively.
other factors effecting earnings other income was $4.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2013, compared to $5.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2012. the income during the year ended december 31, 2013, was primarily attributable to foreign exchange gains.
the loss on modification or early retirement of debt of $14.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2013, related to the refinancing of our u.s. credit facility in december 2013 (see "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - note 8 - long-term debt - senior secured credit facility").
our effective income tax rate was 6.0% for the year ended december 31, 2013, compared to 8.8% for the year ended december 31, 2012. the effective income tax rates reflect a 17% statutory tax rate on our singapore operations and a zero percent tax rate on profits generated by our macao gaming operations due to our income tax exemption in macao, which was extended in october 2013 through the end of 2018. we have recorded a valuation allowance related to certain deferred tax assets generated by operations in the u.s. and certain foreign jurisdictions; however, to the extent that the financial results of these operations improve and it becomes "more-likely-than-not" that these deferred tax assets or a portion thereof are realizable, we will reduce the valuation allowances in the period such determination is made.
the net income attributable to our noncontrolling interests was $648.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2013, compared to $357.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2012. these amounts are primarily related to the noncontrolling interest of scl.
additional information regarding our retail mall operations the following tables summarize the results of our mall operations for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 (in thousands):
cam, levies and management fees                                27,216                            7,851                                10,876                                    30,038                                            -                      75,981
mall operating expenses:
common area maintenance                                        17,471                            5,802                                 6,451                                    24,983                                        1,238                      55,945
management fees and other direct operating expenses             6,417                            1,562                                 1,884                                     3,356                                          568                      13,787
mall operating expenses                                        23,888                            7,364                                 8,335                                    28,339                                        1,806                      69,732
cam, levies and management fees                                25,456                            6,962                                 7,502                                    30,938                                            -                      70,858
mall operating expenses:
common area maintenance                                        16,894                            5,466                                 5,577                                    25,370                                        1,320                      54,627
management fees and other direct operating expenses             6,975                            1,607                                 1,275                                     8,083                                          791                      18,731
mall operating expenses                                        23,869                            7,073                                 6,852                                    33,453                                        2,111                      73,358
provision for (recovery of) doubtful accounts                    (281        )                     226                                  (245           )                            (5            )                               -                        (305   )
cam, levies and management fees                                21,182                            5,500                                 3,738                                    31,910                                            -                      62,330
mall operating expenses:
common area maintenance                                        15,573                            4,051                                 2,485                                    25,928                                        1,077                      49,114
management fees and other direct operating expenses             7,344                            1,895                                 1,226                                     8,828                                          356                      19,649
mall operating expenses                                        22,917                            5,946                                 3,711                                    34,756                                        1,433                      68,763
(1)   the first, second and third phases of the shoppes at cotai central opened in april and september 2012, and june 2014, respectively. at completion, the shoppes at cotai central will feature up to 600,000 square feet of gross leasable area.
(2)   revenues from cam, levies and management fees are included in minimum rents for the outlets at sands bethlehem.
(3)   minimum rents include base rents and straight-line adjustments of base rents.
(4)   commercial property that generates rental income is exempt from property tax for the first six years for newly constructed buildings in cotai. this property tax exemption expired in august 2013 for the venetian macao. in may 2014, the company received an additional six-year property tax exemption for the venetian macao. as a result, during the year ended december 31, 2014, the company reversed $1.5 million of previously recognized property taxes for the venetian macao. additionally, as previously described, marina bay sands received a $90.1 million property tax refund in december 2014, of which $9.0 million related to the mall.
(5)   mall-related expenses consist of cam, management fees and other direct operating expenses, property taxes and provision for (recovery of) doubtful accounts, but excludes depreciation and amortization and general and administrative costs.
it is common in the mall operating industry for companies to disclose mall net operating income ("noi") as a useful supplemental measure of a mall's operating performance. because noi excludes general and administrative expenses, interest expense, impairment losses, depreciation and amortization, gains and losses from property dispositions, allocations to noncontrolling interests and provision for income taxes, it provides a performance measure that, when compared year over year, reflects the revenues and expenses directly associated with owning and operating commercial real estate properties and the impact on operations from trends in occupancy rates, rental rates and operating costs.
in the tables above, we believe that taking total mall revenues less mall-related expenses provides an operating performance measure for our malls. other mall operating companies may use different methodologies for deriving mall-related expenses. as such, this calculation may not be comparable to the noi of other mall operating companies.
development projects macao we submitted plans to the macao government for the parisian macao, an integrated resort that will be connected to the venetian macao and four seasons macao. the parisian macao is intended to include a gaming area (to be operated under our gaming subconcession), a hotel with over 3,000 rooms and suites and retail, entertainment, dining and meeting facilities. we expect the cost to design, develop and construct the parisian macao to be approximately$2.7 billion, inclusive of payments made for the land premium. we recommenced construction upon receiving certain government approvals, after a temporary stoppage from june through august 2014. as with projects of this nature, we will continue to analyze options for both a full and phased opening of the facility, which is anticipated to open in 2016, subject to macao government approval. we have capitalized costs of $804.3 million, including the land premium (net of amortization), as of december 31, 2014. in addition, we will be completing the development of some public areas surrounding our cotai strip properties on behalf of the macao government.
as of december 31, 2014, we have capitalized an aggregate of $9.84 billion in construction costs and land premiums (net of amortization) for our cotai strip developments, which include the venetian macao, sands cotai central, four seasons macao and the parisian macao, as well as our investments in transportation infrastructure, including our passenger ferry service operations.
land concessions in macao generally have an initial term of 25 years with automatic extensions of 10 years thereafter in accordance with macao law. we have received land concessions from the macao government to build on the sites on which the venetian macao, sands cotai central, four seasons macao and the parisian macao are located. we do not own these land sites in macao; however, the land concessions grant us exclusive use of the land. as specified in the land concessions, we are required to pay premiums for each parcel, which are either payable in a single lump sum upon acceptance of the land concessions by the macao government or in seven semi-annual installments, as well as annual rent for the term of the land concessions.
under our land concession for the parisian macao, we are required to complete the development by april 2016. the land concession for sands cotai central contains a similar requirement that the development be completed by december 2016. should we determine that we are unable to complete the parisian macao or sands cotai central by
their respective deadlines, we would expect to apply for another extension from the macao government. if we are unable to meet the current deadlines and the deadlines for either development are not extended, we could lose our land concessions for the parisian macao or sands cotai central, which would prohibit us from operating any facilities developed under the respective land concessions. as a result, we could record a charge for all or some portion of the $804.3 million or $4.47 billion in capitalized construction costs and land premiums (net of amortization), as of december 31, 2014, related to the parisian macao and sands cotai central, respectively.
united states we were constructing the las vegas condo tower, located on the las vegas strip between the palazzo and the venetian las vegas. we suspended our construction activities for the project due to reduced demand for las vegas strip condominiums and the overall decline in general economic conditions. we intend to recommence construction when demand and conditions improve. the impact of the suspension on the estimated overall cost of the project is currently not determinable with certainty. should demand and conditions fail to improve or management decide to abandon the project, we could record a charge for some portion of the $178.6 million in capitalized construction costs as of december 31, 2014.
other we continue to aggressively pursue new development opportunities globally.
liquidity and capital resources cash flows - summary our cash flows consisted of the following:
net cash generated from operating activities           $4,832,844                $4,439,412                $3,057,757
change in restricted cash and cash equivalents                270                      (382    )   693
capital expenditures                                   (1,178,656    )             (898,111    )           (1,449,234    )
proceeds from disposal of property and equipment            1,818                    32,155                     2,909
acquisition of intangible assets                                -                   (45,871    )                    -
proceeds from exercise of stock options                    55,650                    69,596                    46,240
excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation           3,585                         -                         -
repurchase of common stock                             (1,676,802    )             (561,150    )                    -
proceeds from exercise of warrants                              -        350                                  528,908
repayments of long-term debt                           (2,117,466    )           (3,513,032    )           (4,399,698    )
payments of deferred financing costs                      (88,048    )              (35,414    )             (100,888    )
effect of exchange rate on cash                           (28,585    )               (7,105    )               43,229
cash flows - operating activities table games play at our properties is conducted on a cash and credit basis. slot machine play is primarily conducted on a cash basis. the retail hotel rooms business is generally conducted on a cash basis, the group hotel rooms business is conducted on a cash and credit basis, and banquet business is conducted primarily on a credit basis resulting in operating cash flows being generally affected by changes in operating income and accounts receivable. net cash generated from operating activities increased $393.4 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase was primarily attributable to the increase in operating cash flows generated from our macao operating properties and marina bay sands.
cash flows - investing activities capital expenditures for the year ended december 31, 2014, totaled $1.18 billion, including $946.1 million for construction and development activities in macao, which consisted primarily of $390.6 million for the parisian macao and $345.7 million for sands cotai central; $108.7 million at our las vegas operating properties; $79.6 million in singapore; and $44.3 million for corporate and other activities.
cash flows - financing activities net cash flows used in financing activities were $3.72 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014, which was primarily attributable to $2.39 billion in dividend payments and $1.68 billion in common stock repurchases, partially offset by net proceeds of $430.0 million from our 2013 u.s. revolving facility.
as of december 31, 2014, we had $1.78 billion available for borrowing under our u.s., macao and singapore credit facilities, net of letters of credit.
capital financing overview through december 31, 2014, we have funded our development projects primarily through borrowings from our credit facilities (see "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - note 8 - long-term debt"), operating cash flows, proceeds from our equity offerings and proceeds from the disposition of non-core assets.
our u.s., macao and singapore credit facilities contain various financial covenants. the u.s. credit facility, which was amended in december 2013, requires our las vegas operations to comply with a financial covenant at the end of each quarter to the extent that any revolving loans or certain letters of credit are outstanding. this financial covenant requires our las vegas operations to maintain a maximum leverage ratio of net debt, as defined, to trailing twelve-month adjusted earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, as defined ("adjusted ebitda"). the maximum leverage ratio is 5.5x for all quarterly periods through maturity. we can elect to contribute cash on hand to our las vegas operations on a bi-quarterly basis; such contributions having the effect of increasing adjusted ebitda during the applicable quarter for purposes of calculating compliance with the maximum leverage ratio. our macao credit facility, which was amended in march 2014 (see "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - note 8 - long-term debt - 2011 vml credit facility"), also requires our macao operations to comply with similar financial covenants, including maintaining a maximum leverage ratio of debt to adjusted ebitda. the maximum leverage ratio is 4.5x for the quarterly periods ending december 31, 2014 through september 30, 2015, decreases to 4.0x for the quarterly periods ending december 31, 2015 through march 31, 2017, and then decreases to, and remains at, 3.5x for all quarterly periods thereafter through maturity. our singapore credit facility, which was amended in august 2014 (see "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - note 8 - long-term debt - 2012 singapore credit facility"), requires operations of marina bay sands to comply with similar financial covenants, including maintaining a maximum leverage ratio of debt to adjusted ebitda. the maximum leverage ratio is 3.5x for the quarterly periods ending december 31, 2014 through september 30, 2019, and then decreases to, and remains at, 3.0x for all quarterly periods thereafter through maturity. as of december 31, 2014, our u.s., macao and singapore leverage ratios were 1.0x, 1.0x and 2.2x, respectively, compared to the maximum leverage ratios allowed of 5.5x, 4.5x and 3.5x, respectively. if we are unable to maintain compliance with the financial covenants under these credit facilities, we would be in default under the respective credit facilities. a default under the u.s. credit facility would trigger a cross-
default under our airplane financings. any defaults or cross-defaults under these agreements would allow the lenders, in each case, to exercise their rights and remedies as defined under their respective agreements. if the lenders were to exercise their rights to accelerate the due dates of the indebtedness outstanding, there can be no assurance that we would be able to repay or refinance any amounts that may become due and payable under such agreements, which could force us to restructure or alter our operations or debt obligations.
we held unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of approximately $3.51 billion and restricted cash and cash equivalents of approximately $6.6 million as of december 31, 2014, of which approximately $2.98 billion of the unrestricted amount is held by non-u.s. subsidiaries. of the $2.98 billion, approximately $2.21 billion is available to be repatriated to the u.s. with minimal taxes owed on such amounts due to the significant foreign taxes we paid, which would ultimately generate u.s. foreign tax credits if cash is repatriated. the remaining unrestricted amounts are not available for repatriation primarily due to dividend requirements to third party public shareholders in the case of funds being repatriated from scl. we believe the cash on hand and cash flow generated from operations will be sufficient to maintain compliance with the financial covenants of our credit facilities. we may elect to arrange additional financing to fund the balance of our cotai strip developments. in the normal course of our activities, we will continue to evaluate our capital structure and opportunities for enhancements thereof.
in march 2014, we amended our 2011 vml credit facility, which extended the maturity to march 31, 2020, and provided for revolving loan commitments of $2.0 billion, which is being used to fund the development, construction and completion of sands cotai central and the parisian macao, and for working capital requirements and general corporate purposes. in august 2014, we amended our sgd 5.1 billion (approximately $3.86 billion at exchange rates in effect on december 31, 2014) 2012 singapore credit facility, which extended the maturity of the 2012 singapore revolving facility and the 2012 singapore term facility to february 28 and august 28, 2020, respectively. the proceeds of the 2012 singapore credit facility were used to repay the outstanding indebtedness under the prior singapore credit facility. during the year ended december 31, 2014, we had net borrowings of $430.0 million under the revolving portion of our $3.5 billion 2013 u.s. credit facility, which facility was completed in december 2013 and its proceeds were primarily used to repay the outstanding indebtedness under the prior senior secured credit facility. in march 2012, we redeemed the outstanding balance of senior notes for $191.7 million and in may 2012, we repaid the $131.6 million outstanding balance under our ferry financing.
on february 26, 2014, scl paid a dividend of 0.87 hong kong dollars ("hkd") per share and a special dividend of hkd 0.77 per share, and, on june 30, 2014, paid a dividend of hkd 0.86 per share to scl shareholders (a total of $2.60 billion, of which we retained $1.82 billion). on february 28 and june 21, 2013, scl paid a dividend of hkd 0.67 and hkd 0.66 per share, respectively, to scl shareholders (a total of $1.38 billion, of which we retained $970.2 million). on february 28 and june 22, 2012, scl paid a dividend of hkd 0.58 per share to scl shareholders (a total of $1.20 billion, of which we retained $844.4 million). on january 23, 2015, the board of directors of scl declared a dividend of hkd 0.99 per share (a total of $1.03 billion, of which we retained $722 million) to scl shareholders of record on february 13, 2015, which was paid on february 27, 2014.
during the year ended december 31, 2014, we paid a quarterly dividend of $0.50 per common share and recorded $1.61 billion as a distribution against retained earnings. during the year ended december 31, 2013, we paid a quarterly dividend of $0.35 per common share and recorded $1.15 billion as a distribution against retained earnings. during the year ended december 31, 2012, we paid a quarterly dividend of $0.25 per common share as part of a regular cash dividend program and on december 18, 2012, we paid a special cash dividend of $2.75 per common share. during the year ended december 31, 2012, we recorded $3.09 billion as a distribution against retained earnings. on january 28, 2015, our board of directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.65 per common share (a total estimated to be approximately $519 million) to be paid on march 31, 2015, to shareholders of record on march 23, 2015. we expect this level of dividend to continue quarterly through the remainder of 2015. our board of directors will continually assess the level and appropriateness of any cash dividends.
in june 2013, our board of directors approved a stock repurchase program with an initial authorization of $2.0 billion, which expires in june 2015, but was completed during the year ended december 31, 2014. in october 2014, our board of directors authorized the repurchase of an additional $2.0 billion of our outstanding common stock, which expires in october 2016. repurchases of our common stock are made at our discretion in accordance with applicable federal securities laws in the open market or otherwise. the timing and actual number of shares to be repurchased in
the future will depend on a variety of factors, including our financial position, earnings, legal requirements, other investment opportunities and market conditions. during the year ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, we repurchased 22,406,655 and 8,570,281 shares, respectively, of our common stock for $1.66 billion and $570.5 million, respectively, (including commissions) under this program. all share repurchases of our common stock have been recorded as treasury stock.
on march 2, 2012, our principal stockholder's family exercised all of their outstanding warrants to purchase 87,500,175 shares of our common stock and paid $525.0 million in cash as settlement of the exercise price.
aggregate indebtedness and other known contractual obligations our total long-term indebtedness and other known contractual obligations are summarized below as of december 31, 2014:
other operating leases(10)                             13,860                       12,092                      3,486              -                                   29,438
(1)   see "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - note 8 - long-term debt" for further details on these financing transactions.
(2)   in july 2009, we entered into a capital lease agreement with our current heating, ventilation and air conditioning ("hvac") provider (the "hvac equipment lease") to provide the operation and maintenance services for the hvac equipment in las vegas. the lease has a 10-year term with a purchase option at the third, fifth, seventh and tenth anniversary dates. we are obligated under the agreement to make monthly payments of approximately $300,000 for the first year with automatic decreases of approximately $14,000 per month on every anniversary date. the hvac equipment lease has been capitalized at the present value of the future minimum lease payments at lease inception.
(3)   based on december 31, 2014, london inter-bank offered rate ("libor") of 0.3%, hong kong inter-bank offered rate ("hibor") of 0.4% and singapore swap offer rate ("sor") of 0.7% plus the applicable interest rate spread in accordance with the respective debt agreements.
(4)   we are party to tenant lease termination and asset purchase agreements. under the agreement for the grand canal shoppes sale, we are obligated to fulfill the lease termination and asset purchase agreements.
(5)   we are party to employment agreements with three of our executive officers, with remaining terms of one to five years.
(6)   we are party to long-term land leases of 25 years with automatic extensions at our option of 10 years thereafter in accordance with macao law.
(7)   we are party to certain leaseback agreements for the theater, gondola and certain office and retail space related to the sales of the grand canal shoppes and the shoppes at the palazzo.
(8)   in addition to the 39% gross gaming win tax in macao (which is not included in this table as the amount we pay is variable in nature), we are required to pay an annual premium with a fixed portion and a variable portion, which is based on the number and type of gaming tables and gaming machines we operate. based on the gaming tables and gaming machines in operation as of december 31, 2014, the annual premium is approximately $42.7 million payable to the macao government through the termination of the gaming subconcession in june 2022.
(10)   we are party to certain operating leases for real estate, various equipment and service arrangements.
(11)   as of december 31, 2014, we had a $12.2 million liability related to unrecognized tax benefits; we do not expect this liability to result in a payment of cash within the next 12 months. we are unable to reasonably estimate the timing of the liability in individual years beyond 12 months due to uncertainties in the timing of the effective settlement of tax positions; therefore, such amounts are not included in the table.
off-balance sheet arrangements we have not entered into any transactions with special purpose entities, nor have we engaged in any derivative transactions other than interest rate caps.
restrictions on distributions we are a parent company with limited business operations. our main asset is the stock and membership interests of our subsidiaries. the debt instruments of our u.s., macao and singapore subsidiaries contain certain restrictions that, among other things, limit the ability of certain subsidiaries to incur additional indebtedness, issue disqualified stock or equity interests, pay dividends or make other distributions, repurchase equity interests or certain indebtedness, create certain liens, enter into certain transactions with affiliates, enter into certain mergers or consolidations or sell our assets of our company without prior approval of the lenders or noteholders.
inflation we believe that inflation and changing prices have not had a material impact on our sales, revenues or income from continuing operations during the past three fiscal years.
special note regarding forward-looking statements this report contains forward-looking statements that are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. these forward-looking statements include the discussions of our business strategies and expectations concerning future operations, margins, profitability, liquidity and capital resources. in addition, in certain portions included in this report, the words: "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "seeks," "expects," "plans," "intends" and similar expressions, as they relate to our company or management, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. although we believe that these forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot assure you that any forward-looking statements will prove to be correct. these forward- looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. these factors include, among others, the risks associated with:
•   general economic and business conditions in the u.s. and internationally, which may impact levels of disposable income, consumer spending, group meeting business, pricing of hotel rooms and retail and mall sales;
•   our leverage, debt service and debt covenant compliance, including the pledge of our assets (other than our equity interests in our subsidiaries) as security for our indebtedness;
•   disruptions in the global financing markets and our ability to obtain sufficient funding for our current and future developments;
•   the extensive regulations to which we are subject to and the costs of compliance with such regulations;
•   increased competition for labor and materials due to other planned construction projects in macao and quota limits on the hiring of foreign workers;
•   our ability to meet certain development deadlines;
•   the uncertainty of tourist behavior related to discretionary spending and vacationing at casino-resorts in macao, singapore, las vegas and pennsylvania;
•   regulatory policies in mainland china or other countries in which our customers reside, including visa restrictions limiting the number of visits or the length of stay for visitors from mainland china to macao, restrictions on foreign currency exchange or importation of currency, and the judicial enforcement of gaming debts;
•   our dependence upon properties primarily in macao, singapore and las vegas for all of our cash flow;
•   our relationship with ggp or any successor owner of the grand canal shoppes;
•   new developments, construction and ventures, including our cotai strip developments;
•   the passage of new legislation and receipt of governmental approvals for our proposed developments in macao and other jurisdictions where we are planning to operate;
•   our insurance coverage, including the risk that we have not obtained sufficient coverage or will only be able to obtain additional coverage at significantly increased rates;
•   disruptions or reductions in travel, as well as disruptions in our operations, due to natural or man-made disasters, outbreaks of infectious diseases, terrorist activity or war;
•   conflicts of interest that arise because certain of our directors and officers are also directors of scl;
•   government regulation of the casino industry (as well as new laws and regulations and changes to existing laws and regulations), including gaming license regulation, the requirement for certain beneficial owners of our securities to be found suitable by gaming authorities, the legalization of gaming in other jurisdictions and regulation of gaming on the internet;
•   the popularity of macao, singapore and las vegas as convention and trade show destinations;
•   new taxes, changes to existing tax rates or proposed changes in tax legislation;
•   the continued services of our key management and personnel;
•   any potential conflict between the interests of our principal stockholder and us;
•   the ability of our subsidiaries to make distribution payments to us;
•   our failure to maintain the integrity of our customer or company data, including against past or future cybersecurity attacks, and any litigation or disruption to our operations resulting from such loss of data integrity;
•   the completion of infrastructure projects in macao; and
•   the outcome of any ongoing and future litigation.
all future written and verbal forward-looking statements attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. new risks and uncertainties arise from time to time, and it is impossible for us to predict these events or how they may affect us. readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements after the date of this report as a result of new information, future events or developments, except as required by federal securities laws.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america requires our management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. these estimates and judgments are based on historical information, information that is currently available to us and on various other assumptions that management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. actual results could vary from those estimates and we may change our estimates and assumptions in future evaluations. changes in these estimates and assumptions may have a material effect on our results of operations and financial condition. we believe that the critical accounting policies discussed below affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
allowance for doubtful casino accounts we maintain an allowance, or reserve, for doubtful casino accounts at our operating casino resorts in macao, singapore and the u.s., which we regularly evaluate. we specifically analyze the collectability of each account with a balance over a specified dollar amount, based upon the age of the account, the customer's financial condition, collection history and any other known information, and we apply standard reserve percentages to aged account balances under the specified dollar amount. we also monitor regional and global economic conditions and forecasts in our evaluation of the adequacy of the recorded reserves. credit or marker play was 23.0%, 31.0% and 72.3% of table games play at our macao properties, marina bay sands and las vegas operating properties, respectively, during the year ended december 31, 2014. our allowance for doubtful casino accounts was 33.8% and 29.3% of gross casino receivables as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the credit extended to our junkets can be offset by the commissions payable to said junkets, which is considered in the establishment of the allowance for doubtful accounts. our allowance for doubtful accounts from our hotel and other receivables is not material.
property and equipment at december 31, 2014, we had net property and equipment of $15.37 billion, representing 68.7% of our total assets. we depreciate property and equipment on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. the estimated useful lives are based on the nature of the assets as well as current operating strategy and legal considerations such as contractual life. future events, such as property expansions, property developments, new competition, or new regulations, could result in a change in the manner in which we use certain assets requiring a change in the estimated useful lives of such assets.
for assets to be held and used (including projects under development), fixed assets are reviewed for impairment whenever indicators of impairment exist. if an indicator of impairment exists, we first group our assets with other assets and liabilities at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities (the "asset group"). secondly, we estimate the undiscounted future cash flows that are directly associated with and expected to arise from the completion, use and eventual disposition of such asset group. we estimate the undiscounted cash flows over the remaining useful life of the primary asset within the asset group. if the undiscounted cash flows exceed the carrying value, no impairment is indicated. if the undiscounted cash flows do not exceed the carrying value, then an impairment is measured based on fair value compared to carrying value, with fair value typically based on a discounted cash flow model. if an asset is still under development, future cash flows include remaining construction costs.
to estimate the undiscounted cash flows of our asset groups, we consider all potential cash flows scenarios, which are probability weighted based on management's estimates given current conditions. determining the recoverability of our asset groups is judgmental in nature and requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including estimated cash flows, probability weighting of potential scenarios, costs to complete construction for assets under development, growth rates and future market conditions, among others. future changes to our estimates and assumptions based upon changes in macro-economic factors, regulatory environments, operating results or management's intentions may result in future changes to the recoverability of our asset groups.
for assets to be held for sale, the fixed assets (the "disposal group") are measured at the lower of their carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell. losses are recognized for any initial or subsequent write-down to fair value less cost to sell, while gains are recognized for any subsequent increase in fair value less cost to sell, but not in excess of the cumulative loss previously recognized. any gains or losses not previously recognized that result from the sale of the disposal group shall be recognized at the date of sale. fixed assets are not depreciated while classified as held for sale.
capitalized interest interest costs associated with our major construction projects are capitalized and included in the cost of the projects. when no debt is incurred specifically for construction projects, we capitalize interest on amounts expended using the weighted average cost of our outstanding borrowings. capitalization of interest ceases when the project is substantially complete or construction activity is suspended for more than a brief period.
leasehold interests in land leasehold interests in land represent payments made for the use of land over an extended period of time. the leasehold interests in land are amortized on a straight-line basis over the expected term of the related lease agreements.
indefinite useful life assets as of december 31, 2014, we had a $50.0 million asset related to our sands bethlehem gaming license and a $16.5 million asset related to our sands bethlehem table games certificate, both of which were determined to have indefinite useful lives. assets with indefinite useful lives are assessed regularly to ensure they continue to meet the indefinite useful life criteria. these assets are not subject to amortization and are tested for impairment and recoverability annually or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that the assets might be impaired. when performing our impairment analysis, we may first conduct a qualitative assessment to determine whether we believe it is "more-likely-than-not" that the asset is impaired. if we elect to perform a qualitative assessment and we determine it is "more-likely-than-not" that the asset is impaired after assessing the qualitative factors, we then perform an impairment test that consists of a comparison of the fair value of the asset with its carrying amount. if the carrying amount of the asset is not recoverable and exceeds its fair value, an impairment will be recognized in an amount equal to that excess. if the carrying amount of the asset does not exceed the fair value, no impairment is recognized.
if a quantitative impairment test is to be performed to estimate the fair value of our intangible assets, our fair value analysis would be based on expected adjusted property ebitda, combined with estimated future tax-affected cash flows and a terminal value using the gordon growth model, which are discounted to present value at rates commensurate with our capital structure and the prevailing borrowing rates within the casino industry in general.
adjusted property ebitda and discounted cash flows are common measures used to value cash-intensive businesses such as casinos. determining the fair value of the gaming license and table games certificate is judgmental in nature and requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including adjusted property ebitda, growth rates, discount rates and future market conditions, among others. if we determine a qualitative assessment is to be performed, we assess certain qualitative factors including, but not limited to, the results of the most recent fair value calculation, operating results and projected operating results, and macro-economic and industry conditions.
future changes to our estimates and assumptions based upon changes in operating results, macro-economic factors or management's intentions may result in future changes to the fair value of the gaming license and table games certificate.
stock-based compensation accounting standards regarding share-based payments require the recognition of compensation expense in the consolidated statements of operations related to the fair value of employee stock-based compensation. determining the fair value of stock-based awards at the grant date requires judgment, including estimating the expected term that stock options will be outstanding prior to exercise, the associated volatility and the expected dividends. expected volatilities are based on our historical volatility or combined with the historical volatilities from a selection of companies from our peer group when there is a lack of our historical information, as is the case for our scl equity plan. the expected option life is based on the contractual term of the option as well historical exercise and forfeiture behavior. when there is a lack of historical information, as is the case for our scl equity plan, we use the simplified method for estimating expected option life, as the options qualify as "plain-vanilla" options. the expected dividend yield is based on our estimate of annual dividends expected to be paid at the time of the grant. we believe that the valuation technique and the approach utilized to develop the underlying assumptions are appropriate in calculating the fair values of our stock options granted. judgment is also required in estimating the amount of stock-based awards expected to be forfeited prior to vesting. if actual forfeitures differ significantly from these estimates, stock-based compensation expense could be materially impacted. all employee stock options were granted with an exercise price equal to the fair market value (as defined in the company's equity award plans).
during the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, we recorded stock-based compensation expense of $48.1 million and $53.4 million, respectively. as of december 31, 2014, under the 2004 plan there was $41.5 million of unrecognized compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures of 8.0% per year, related to unvested stock options and there was $15.8 million of unrecognized compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures of 8.0% per year, related to unvested restricted stock and stock units. the stock option and restricted stock and stock unit costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 4.6 years and 1.6 years, respectively.
as of december 31, 2014, under the scl equity plan there was $32.6 million of unrecognized compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures of 8.8% per year, related to unvested stock options and there was $13.5 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted stock units. the stock option and restricted stock unit costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 2.7 years and 2.5 years, respectively.
income taxes we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. (including federal and state) and numerous foreign jurisdictions in which we operate. we record income taxes under the asset and liability method, whereby deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, and attributable to operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. accounting standards regarding income taxes require a reduction of the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance, if based on the available evidence, it is "more-likely-than-not" that such assets will not be realized. accordingly, the need to establish valuation allowances for deferred tax assets is assessed at each reporting period based on a "more-likely-than-not" realization threshold. this assessment considers, among other matters, the nature, frequency and severity of current and cumulative losses, forecasts of future profitability, the duration of statutory carryforward periods, our experience with operating loss and tax credit carryforwards not expiring, and implementation of tax planning strategies.
we recorded a valuation allowance on the net deferred tax assets of certain foreign jurisdictions of $215.2 million and $217.8 million, as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, and a valuation allowance on certain net deferred tax assets of our u.s. operations of $2.27 billion and $1.30 billion as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. management will reassess the realization of deferred tax assets based on the applicable accounting standards for income taxes each reporting period and consider the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, sources of taxable income and tax planning strategies. to the extent that the financial results of these operations improve and it becomes "more-likely-than-not" that the deferred tax assets are realizable, we will be able to reduce the valuation allowance in the period such determination is made.
significant judgment is required in evaluating our tax positions and determining our provision for income taxes. during the ordinary course of business, there are many transactions for which the tax treatment is uncertain. accounting standards regarding uncertainty in income taxes provides a two-step approach to recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions. the first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates it is "more-likely-than-not" that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. the second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount which is more than 50% likely, based solely on the technical merits, of being sustained on examinations. we consider many factors when evaluating and estimating our tax positions and tax benefits, which may require periodic adjustments and for which actual outcomes may be different.
our major tax jurisdictions are the u.s., macao, and singapore. we are subject to examination for years beginning 2010 in the u.s., macao and singapore. the inland revenue authority of singapore is currently performing a compliance review of the marina bay sands tax return for tax years 2010 through 2012.
recent accounting pronouncements see related disclosure at "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - note 2 - summary of significant accounting policies."