item 1a. risk factors risks relating to nee's and fpl's business the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of nee and fpl are subject to a variety of risks, many of which are beyond the control of nee and fpl. the following is a description of important risks that may materially adversely affect the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of nee and fpl and may cause actual results of nee and fpl to differ substantially from those that nee or fpl currently expects or seeks. in that event, the market price for the securities of nee or fpl could decline. accordingly, the risks described below should be carefully considered together with the other information set forth in this report and in future reports that nee and fpl file with the sec. the risks described below are not the only risks facing nee and fpl. additional risks and uncertainties may also materially adversely affect nee's or fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. each of nee and fpl has disclosed the material risks known to it to affect its business at this time. however, there may be further risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed to be material that may in the future materially adversely affect the business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects of nee and fpl.
regulatory, legislative and legal risks nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially adversely affected by the extensive regulation of their business.
the operations of nee and fpl are subject to complex and comprehensive federal, state and other regulation. this extensive regulatory framework, portions of which are more specifically identified in the following risk factors, regulates, among other things and to varying degrees, nee's and fpl's industries, businesses, rates and cost structures, operation of nuclear power facilities, construction and operation of electricity generation, transmission and distribution facilities and natural gas and oil production, natural gas, oil and other fuel transportation, processing and storage facilities, acquisition, disposal, depreciation and amortization of facilities and other assets, decommissioning costs and funding, service reliability, wholesale and retail competition, and commodities trading and derivatives transactions. in their business planning and in the management of their operations, nee and fpl must address the effects of regulation on their business and any inability or failure to do so adequately could have a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected if they are unable to recover in a timely manner any significant amount of costs, a return on certain assets or a reasonable return on invested capital through base rates, cost recovery clauses, other regulatory mechanisms or otherwise.
fpl is a regulated entity subject to the jurisdiction of the fpsc over a wide range of business activities, including, among other items, the retail rates charged to its customers through base rates and cost recovery clauses, the terms and conditions of its services, procurement of electricity for its customers, issuances of securities, and aspects of the siting, construction and operation of its generating plants and transmission and distribution systems for the sale of electric energy. the fpsc has the authority to disallow recovery by fpl of costs that it considers excessive or imprudently incurred and to determine the level of return that fpl is permitted to earn on invested capital. the regulatory process, which may be adversely affected by the political, regulatory and economic environment in florida and elsewhere, limits fpl's ability to increase earnings and does not provide any assurance as to achievement of authorized or other earnings levels. nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected if any material amount of costs, a return on certain assets or a reasonable return on invested capital cannot be recovered through base rates, cost recovery clauses, other regulatory mechanisms or otherwise. certain subsidiaries of neet, which are indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of nee, are regulated electric transmission utilities subject to the jurisdiction of their regulators and subject to similar risks.
regulatory decisions that are important to nee and fpl may be materially adversely affected by political, regulatory and economic factors.
the local and national political, regulatory and economic environment has had, and may in the future have, an adverse effect on fpsc decisions with negative consequences for fpl. these decisions may require, for example, fpl to cancel or delay planned development activities, to reduce or delay other planned capital expenditures or to pay for investments or otherwise incur costs that it may not be able to recover through rates, each of which could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of nee and fpl. certain subsidiaries of neet are subject to similar risks.
fpl's use of derivative instruments could be subject to prudence challenges and, if found imprudent, could result in disallowances of cost recovery for such use by the fpsc.
the fpsc engages in an annual prudence review of fpl's use of derivative instruments in its risk management fuel procurement program and should it find any such use to be imprudent, the fpsc could deny cost recovery for such use by fpl. such an outcome could have a material adverse effect on fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
any reductions to, or the elimination of, governmental incentives that support utility scale renewable energy, including, but not limited to, tax incentives, rps or feed-in tariffs, or the imposition of additional taxes or other assessments on renewable energy, could result in, among other items, the lack of a satisfactory market for the development of new renewable energy projects, neer abandoning the development of renewable energy projects, a loss of neer's investments in renewable energy projects and reduced project returns, any of which could have a material adverse effect on nee's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
neer depends heavily on government policies that support utility scale renewable energy and enhance the economic feasibility of developing and operating wind and solar energy projects in regions in which neer operates or plans to develop and operate renewable energy facilities. the federal government, a majority of the 50 u.s. states and portions of canada and spain provide incentives, such as tax incentives, rps or feed-in tariffs, that support the sale of energy from utility scale renewable energy facilities, such as wind and solar energy facilities. as a result of budgetary constraints, political factors or otherwise, governments from time to time may review their policies that support renewable energy and consider actions that would make the policies less conducive to the development and operation of renewable energy facilities. any reductions to, or the elimination of, governmental incentives that support renewable energy, such as those reductions that have been enacted in spain and are applicable to neer's solar generating facilities in that country, or the imposition of additional taxes or other assessments on renewable energy, could result in, among other items, the lack of a satisfactory market for the development of new renewable energy projects, neer abandoning the development of renewable energy projects, a loss of neer's investments in the projects and reduced project returns, any of which could have a material adverse effect on nee's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected as a result of new or revised laws, regulations or interpretations or other regulatory initiatives.
nee's and fpl's business is influenced by various legislative and regulatory initiatives, including, but not limited to, new or revised laws, regulations or interpretations or other regulatory initiatives regarding deregulation or restructuring of the energy industry, regulation of the commodities trading and derivatives markets, and environmental regulation, such as regulation of air emissions, regulation of water consumption and water discharges, and regulation of gas and oil infrastructure operations, as well as associated environmental permitting. changes in the nature of the regulation of nee's and fpl's business could have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. nee and fpl are unable to predict future legislative or regulatory changes, initiatives or interpretations, although any such changes, initiatives or interpretations may increase costs and competitive pressures on nee and fpl, which could have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
fpl has limited competition in the florida market for retail electricity customers. any changes in florida law or regulation which introduce competition in the florida retail electricity market, such as government incentives that facilitate the installation of solar generating facilities on residential or other rooftops at below cost, or would permit third-party sales of electricity, could have a material adverse effect on fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. there can be no assurance that fpl will be able to respond adequately to such regulatory changes, which could have a material adverse effect on fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
neer is subject to ferc rules related to transmission that are designed to facilitate competition in the wholesale market on practically a nationwide basis by providing greater certainty, flexibility and more choices to wholesale power customers. nee cannot predict the impact of changing ferc rules or the effect of changes in levels of wholesale supply and demand, which are typically driven by factors beyond nee's control. there can be no assurance that neer will be able to respond adequately or sufficiently quickly to such rules and developments, or to any other changes that reverse or restrict the competitive restructuring of the energy industry in those jurisdictions in which such restructuring has occurred. any of these events could have a material adverse effect on nee's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected if the rules implementing the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act (dodd-frank act) broaden the scope of its provisions regarding the regulation of otc financial derivatives and make certain provisions applicable to nee and fpl.
the dodd-frank act, enacted into law in july 2010 provides for, among other things, substantially increased regulation of the otc derivatives market and futures contract markets. while the legislation is broad and detailed, there are still portions of the legislation that either require implementing rules to be adopted by federal governmental agencies or otherwise require further interpretive guidance.
nee and fpl continue to monitor the development of rules related to the dodd-frank act and have taken steps to comply with those rules that affect their businesses. while a number of rules have been finalized and are effective, the rules related to margin requirements for otc derivatives have yet to be finalized. if those rules, when finalized, require nee and fpl to post significant amounts of cash collateral with respect to swap transactions, nee's and fpl's liquidity could be materially adversely affected.
nee and fpl cannot predict the impact these proposed rules will have on their ability to hedge their commodity and interest rate risks or on otc derivatives markets as a whole, but they could potentially have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's risk exposure, as well as reduce market liquidity and further increase the cost of hedging activities.
nee and fpl are subject to numerous environmental laws, regulations and other standards that may result in capital expenditures, increased operating costs and various liabilities, and may require nee and fpl to limit or eliminate certain operations.
nee and fpl are subject to domestic and foreign environmental laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, extensive federal, state and local environmental statutes, rules and regulations relating to air quality, water quality and usage, climate change, emissions of greenhouse gases, including, but not limited to, co2, waste management, hazardous wastes, marine, avian and other wildlife mortality and habitat protection, historical artifact preservation, natural resources, health (including, but not limited to, electric and magnetic fields from power lines and substations), safety and rps, that could, among other things, prevent or delay the development of power generation, power or natural gas transmission, or other infrastructure projects, restrict the output of some existing facilities, limit the availability and use of some fuels required for the production of electricity, require additional pollution control equipment, and otherwise increase costs, increase capital expenditures and limit or eliminate certain operations.
there are significant capital, operating and other costs associated with compliance with these environmental statutes, rules and regulations, and those costs could be even more significant in the future as a result of new legislation, the current trend toward more stringent standards, and stricter and more expansive application of existing environmental regulations. for example, among other potential or pending changes, the use of hydraulic fracturing or similar technologies to drill for natural gas and related compounds used by nee's gas infrastructure business is currently being discussed for regulation at state and federal levels.
violations of current or future laws, rules, regulations or other standards could expose nee and fpl to regulatory and legal proceedings, disputes with, and legal challenges by, third parties, and potentially significant civil fines, criminal penalties and other sanctions. proceedings could include, for example, litigation regarding property damage, personal injury, common law nuisance and enforcement by citizens or governmental authorities of environmental requirements such as air, water and soil quality standards.
nee's and fpl's business could be negatively affected by federal or state laws or regulations mandating new or additional limits on the production of greenhouse gas emissions.
federal or state laws or regulations may be adopted that would impose new or additional limits on the emissions of greenhouse gases, including, but not limited to, co2 and methane, from electric generating units using fossil fuels like coal and natural gas. the potential effects of such greenhouse gas emission limits on nee's and fpl's electric generating units are subject to significant uncertainties based on, among other things, the timing of the implementation of any new requirements, the required levels of emission reductions, the nature of any market-based or tax-based mechanisms adopted to facilitate reductions, the relative availability of greenhouse gas emission reduction offsets, the development of cost-effective, commercial-scale carbon capture and storage technology and supporting regulations and liability mitigation measures, and the range of available compliance alternatives.
while nee's and fpl's electric generating units emit greenhouse gases at a lower rate of emissions than most of the u.s. electric generation sector, the results of operations of nee and fpl could be materially adversely affected to the extent that new federal or state laws or regulations impose any new greenhouse gas emission limits. any future limits on greenhouse gas emissions could:
•   create substantial additional costs in the form of taxes or emission allowances;
•   make some of nee's and fpl's electric generating units uneconomical to operate in the long term;
•   require significant capital investment in carbon capture and storage technology, fuel switching, or the replacement of high-emitting generation facilities with lower-emitting generation facilities; or
•   affect the availability or cost of fossil fuels.
there can be no assurance that nee or fpl would be able to completely recover any such costs or investments, which could have a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
extensive federal regulation of the operations of nee and fpl exposes nee and fpl to significant and increasing compliance costs and may also expose them to substantial monetary penalties and other sanctions for compliance failures.
nee and fpl are subject to extensive federal regulation, which generally imposes significant and increasing compliance costs on nee's and fpl's operations. additionally, any actual or alleged compliance failures could result in significant costs and other potentially adverse effects of regulatory investigations, proceedings, settlements, decisions and claims, including, among other items, potentially significant monetary penalties. as an example, under the energy policy act of 2005, nee and fpl, as owners and operators of bulk-power transmission systems and/or electric generation facilities, are subject to mandatory reliability standards. compliance with these mandatory reliability standards may subject nee and fpl to higher operating costs and may result in increased capital expenditures. if fpl or nee is found not to be in compliance with these standards, it may incur substantial monetary penalties and other sanctions. both the costs of regulatory compliance and the costs that may be imposed as a result of any actual or alleged compliance failures could have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
changes in tax laws, as well as judgments and estimates used in the determination of tax-related asset and liability amounts, could materially adversely affect nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee's and fpl's provision for income taxes and reporting of tax-related assets and liabilities require significant judgments and the use of estimates. amounts of tax-related assets and liabilities involve judgments and estimates of the timing and probability of recognition of income, deductions and tax credits, including, but not limited to, estimates for potential adverse outcomes regarding tax positions that have been taken and the ability to utilize tax benefit carryforwards, such as net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. actual income taxes could vary significantly from estimated amounts due to the future impacts of, among other things, changes in tax laws, regulations and interpretations, the financial condition and results of operations of nee and fpl, and the resolution of audit issues raised by taxing authorities. ultimate resolution of income tax matters may result in material adjustments to tax-related assets and liabilities, which could materially adversely affect nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially adversely affected due to adverse results of litigation.
nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially affected by adverse results of litigation. unfavorable resolution of legal proceedings in which nee is involved or other future legal proceedings, including, but not limited to, class action lawsuits, may have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of nee and fpl.
operational risks nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could suffer if nee and fpl do not proceed with projects under development or are unable to complete the construction of, or capital improvements to, electric generation, transmission and distribution facilities, gas infrastructure facilities or other facilities on schedule or within budget.
nee's and fpl's ability to complete construction of, and capital improvement projects for, their electric generation, transmission and distribution facilities, gas infrastructure facilities and other facilities on schedule and within budget may be adversely affected by escalating costs for materials and labor and regulatory compliance, inability to obtain or renew necessary licenses, rights-of-way, permits or other approvals on acceptable terms or on schedule, disputes involving contractors, labor organizations, land owners, governmental entities, environmental groups, native american and aboriginal groups, and other third parties, negative publicity, transmission interconnection issues and other factors. if any development project or construction or capital improvement project is not completed, is delayed or is subject to cost overruns, certain associated costs may not be approved for recovery or recoverable through regulatory mechanisms that may otherwise be available, and nee and fpl could become obligated to make delay or termination payments or become obligated for other damages under contracts, could experience the loss of tax credits or tax incentives, or delayed or diminished returns, and could be required to write off all or a portion of their investment in the project. any of these events could have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee and fpl may face risks related to project siting, financing, construction, permitting, governmental approvals and the negotiation of project development agreements that may impede their development and operating activities.
nee and fpl own, develop, construct, manage and operate electric-generating and transmission facilities. a key component of nee's and fpl's growth is their ability to construct and operate generation and transmission facilities to meet customer needs. as part of these operations, nee and fpl must periodically apply for licenses and permits from various local, state, federal and other regulatory authorities and abide by their respective conditions. should nee or fpl be unsuccessful in obtaining necessary licenses or permits on acceptable terms, should there be a delay in obtaining or renewing necessary licenses or permits or should regulatory authorities initiate any associated investigations or enforcement actions or impose related penalties or disallowances on nee or fpl, nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected. any failure to negotiate successful project development agreements for new facilities with third parties could have similar results.
the operation and maintenance of nee's and fpl's electric generation, transmission and distribution facilities, gas infrastructure facilities and other facilities are subject to many operational risks, the consequences of which could have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee's and fpl's electric generation, transmission and distribution facilities, gas infrastructure facilities and other facilities are subject to many operational risks. operational risks could result in, among other things, lost revenues due to prolonged outages, increased expenses due to monetary penalties or fines for compliance failures, liability to third parties for property and personal injury damage, a failure to perform under applicable power sales agreements and associated loss of revenues from terminated agreements or liability for liquidated damages under continuing agreements, and replacement equipment costs or an obligation to purchase or generate replacement power at higher prices.
uncertainties and risks inherent in operating and maintaining nee's and fpl's facilities include, but are not limited to:
•   risks associated with facility start-up operations, such as whether the facility will achieve projected operating performance on schedule and otherwise as planned;
•   failures in the availability, acquisition or transportation of fuel or other necessary supplies;
•   the impact of unusual or adverse weather conditions and natural disasters, including, but not limited to, hurricanes, floods, earthquakes and droughts;
•   performance below expected or contracted levels of output or efficiency;
•   breakdown or failure, including, but not limited to, explosions, fires or other major events, of equipment, transmission and distribution lines or pipelines;
•   availability of replacement equipment;
•   risks of property damage or human injury from energized equipment, hazardous substances or explosions, fires or other events;
•   availability of adequate water resources and ability to satisfy water intake and discharge requirements;
•   use of new or unproven technology;
•   risks associated with dependence on a specific type of fuel or fuel source, such as commodity price risk, availability of adequate fuel supply and transportation, and lack of available alternative fuel sources;
•   increased competition due to, among other factors, new facilities, excess supply and shifting demand; and
•   insufficient insurance, warranties or performance guarantees to cover any or all lost revenues or increased expenses from the foregoing.
nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be negatively affected by a lack of growth or slower growth in the number of customers or in customer usage.
growth in customer accounts and growth of customer usage each directly influence the demand for electricity and the need for additional power generation and power delivery facilities. customer growth and customer usage are affected by a number of factors outside the control of nee and fpl, such as mandated energy efficiency measures, demand side management requirements, and economic and demographic conditions, such as population changes, job and income growth, housing starts, new business formation and the overall level of economic activity. a lack of growth, or a decline, in the number of customers or in customer demand for electricity may cause nee and fpl to fail to fully realize the anticipated benefits from significant investments and expenditures and could have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's growth, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects can be materially adversely affected by weather conditions, including, but not limited to, the impact of severe weather.
weather conditions directly influence the demand for electricity and natural gas and other fuels and affect the price of energy and energy-related commodities. in addition, severe weather and natural disasters, such as hurricanes, floods and earthquakes, can be destructive and cause power outages and property damage, reduce revenue, affect the availability of fuel and water, and require nee and fpl to incur additional costs, for example, to restore service and repair damaged facilities, to obtain replacement power and to access available financing sources. furthermore, nee's and fpl's physical plant could be placed at greater risk of damage should changes in the global climate produce unusual variations in temperature and weather patterns, resulting in more intense, frequent and extreme weather events, abnormal levels of precipitation and, particularly relevant to fpl, a change in sea level. fpl operates in the east and lower west coasts of florida, an area that historically has been prone to severe weather events, such as hurricanes. a disruption or failure of electric generation, transmission or distribution systems or natural gas production, transmission, storage or distribution systems in the event of a hurricane, tornado or other severe weather event, or otherwise, could prevent nee and fpl from operating their business in the normal course and could result in any of the adverse consequences described above. any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
at fpl and other businesses of nee where cost recovery is available, recovery of costs to restore service and repair damaged facilities is or may be subject to regulatory approval, and any determination by the regulator not to permit timely and full recovery of the costs incurred could have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
changes in weather can also affect the production of electricity at power generating facilities, including, but not limited to, neer's wind and solar facilities. for example, the level of wind resource affects the revenue produced by wind generating facilities. because the levels of wind and solar resources are variable and difficult to predict, neer's results of operations for individual wind and solar facilities specifically, and nee's results of operations generally, may vary significantly from period to period, depending on the level of available resources. to the extent that resources are not available at planned levels, the financial results from these facilities may be less than expected.
threats of terrorism and catastrophic events that could result from terrorism, cyber attacks, or individuals and/or groups attempting to disrupt nee's and fpl's business, or the businesses of third parties, may materially adversely affect nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee and fpl are subject to the potentially adverse operating and financial effects of terrorist acts and threats, as well as cyber attacks and other disruptive activities of individuals or groups. there have been cyber attacks on energy infrastructure such as substations, gas pipelines and related assets in the past and there may be such attacks in the future. nee's and fpl's generation, transmission and distribution facilities, fuel storage facilities, information technology systems and other infrastructure facilities and systems could be direct targets of, or be indirectly affected by, such activities.
terrorist acts, cyber attacks or other similar events affecting nee's and fpl's systems and facilities, or those of third parties on which nee and fpl rely, could harm nee's and fpl's business, for example, by limiting their ability to generate, purchase or transmit power, by limiting their ability to bill customers and collect and process payments, and by delaying their development and construction of new generating facilities or capital improvements to existing facilities. these events, and governmental actions in response, could result in a material decrease in revenues, significant additional costs (for example, to repair assets, implement additional security requirements or maintain or acquire insurance), and reputational damage, could materially adversely affect nee's and fpl's operations (for example, by contributing to disruption of supplies and markets for natural gas, oil and other fuels), and could impair nee's and fpl's ability to raise capital (for example, by contributing to financial instability and lower economic activity). in addition, the implementation of security guidelines and measures has resulted in and is expected to continue to result in increased costs. such events or actions may materially adversely affect nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
the ability of nee and fpl to obtain insurance and the terms of any available insurance coverage could be materially adversely affected by international, national, state or local events and company-specific events, as well as the financial condition of insurers. nee's and fpl's insurance coverage does not provide protection against all significant losses.
insurance coverage may not continue to be available or may not be available at rates or on terms similar to those presently available to nee and fpl. the ability of nee and fpl to obtain insurance and the terms of any available insurance coverage could be materially adversely affected by international, national, state or local events and company-specific events, as well as the financial condition of insurers. if insurance coverage is not available or obtainable on acceptable terms, nee or fpl may be required to pay costs associated with adverse future events. nee and fpl generally are not fully insured against all significant losses. for example, fpl is not fully insured against hurricane-related losses, but would instead seek recovery of such uninsured losses from customers subject to approval by the fpsc, to the extent losses exceed restricted funds set aside to cover the cost of storm damage. a loss for which nee or fpl is not fully insured could have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee invests in gas and oil producing assets through neer's gas infrastructure business.  the gas infrastructure business is exposed to fluctuating market prices of natural gas, natural gas liquids, oil and other energy commodities.  a prolonged period of low gas and oil prices could impact neer's gas infrastructure business and cause neer to delay or cancel certain gas infrastructure projects and for certain existing projects to be impaired, which could materially adversely affect nee's results of operations.
natural gas and oil prices are affected by supply and demand, both globally and regionally. factors that influence supply and demand include operational issues, natural disasters, weather, political instability, conflicts, economic conditions and actions by major oil-producing countries. there can be significant volatility in market prices for gas and oil, and price fluctuations could have a material effect on the financial performance of gas and oil producing assets. for example, in a low gas and oil price environment, neer would generate less revenue from its gas infrastructure investments in gas and oil producing properties, and as a result certain investments might become less profitable or incur losses. prolonged periods of low oil and gas prices could also result in oil and gas production projects being delayed or cancelled and for certain existing projects to be impaired, which could materially adversely affect nee's results of operations.
if supply costs necessary to provide neer's full energy and capacity requirement services are not favorable, operating costs could increase and materially adversely affect nee's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
neer provides full energy and capacity requirements services primarily to distribution utilities, which include load-following services and various ancillary services, to satisfy all or a portion of such utilities' power supply obligations to their customers. the supply costs for these transactions may be affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, events that may occur after such utilities have committed to supply power, such as weather conditions, fluctuating prices for energy and ancillary services, and the ability of the distribution utilities' customers to elect to receive service from competing suppliers. neer may not be able to recover all of its increased supply costs, which could have a material adverse effect on nee's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
due to the potential for significant volatility in market prices for fuel, electricity and renewable and other energy commodities, neer's inability or failure to manage properly or hedge effectively the commodity risks within its portfolios
could materially adversely affect nee's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
there can be significant volatility in market prices for fuel, electricity and renewable and other energy commodities. nee's inability or failure to manage properly or hedge effectively its assets or positions against changes in commodity prices, volumes, interest rates, counterparty credit risk or other risk measures, based on factors both from within, or wholly or partially outside of, nee's control, may materially adversely affect nee's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
sales of power on the spot market or on a short-term contractual basis may cause nee's results of operations to be volatile.
a portion of neer's power generation facilities operate wholly or partially without long-term power purchase agreements. power from these facilities is sold on the spot market or on a short-term contractual basis. spot market sales are subject to market volatility, and the revenue generated from these sales is subject to fluctuation that may cause nee's results of operations to be volatile. neer and nee may not be able to manage volatility adequately, which could then have a material adverse effect on nee's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
reductions in the liquidity of energy markets may restrict the ability of nee to manage its operational risks, which, in turn, could negatively affect nee's results of operations.
nee is an active participant in energy markets. the liquidity of regional energy markets is an important factor in nee's ability to manage risks in these operations. over the past several years, other market participants have ceased or significantly reduced their activities in energy markets as a result of several factors, including, but not limited to, government investigations, changes in market design and deteriorating credit quality. liquidity in the energy markets can be adversely affected by price volatility, restrictions on the availability of credit and other factors, and any reduction in the liquidity of energy markets could have a material adverse effect on nee's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee's and fpl's hedging and trading procedures and associated risk management tools may not protect against significant losses.
nee and fpl have hedging and trading procedures and associated risk management tools, such as separate but complementary financial, credit, operational, compliance and legal reporting systems, internal controls, management review processes and other mechanisms. nee and fpl are unable to assure that such procedures and tools will be effective against all potential risks, including, without limitation, employee misconduct. if such procedures and tools are not effective, this could have a material adverse effect on nee's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
if price movements significantly or persistently deviate from historical behavior, nee's and fpl's risk management tools associated with their hedging and trading procedures may not protect against significant losses.
nee's and fpl's risk management tools and metrics associated with their hedging and trading procedures, such as daily value at risk, earnings at risk, stop loss limits and liquidity guidelines, are based on historical price movements. due to the inherent uncertainty involved in price movements and potential deviation from historical pricing behavior, nee and fpl are unable to assure that their risk management tools and metrics will be effective to protect against material adverse effects on their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
fpl and neer depend upon power transmission and natural gas, nuclear fuel and other commodity transportation facilities, many of which they do not own. occurrences affecting the operation of these facilities that may or may not be beyond fpl's and neer's control (such as severe weather or a generation or transmission facility outage, pipeline rupture, or sudden and significant increase or decrease in wind generation) may limit or halt the ability of fpl and neer to sell and deliver power and natural gas, or to purchase necessary fuels and other commodities, which could materially adversely impact nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee and fpl are subject to credit and performance risk from customers, hedging counterparties and vendors.
nee and fpl are exposed to risks associated with the creditworthiness and performance of their customers, hedging counterparties and vendors under contracts for the supply of equipment, materials, fuel and other goods and services required for their business operations and for the construction and operation of, and for capital improvements to, their facilities. adverse conditions in the energy industry or the general economy, as well as circumstances of individual customers, hedging counterparties and vendors, may affect the ability of some customers, hedging counterparties and vendors to perform as required under their contracts with nee and fpl.
if any hedging, vending or other counterparty fails to fulfill its contractual obligations, nee and fpl may need to make arrangements with other counterparties or vendors, which could result in financial losses, higher costs, untimely completion of power generation
facilities and other projects, and/or a disruption of their operations. if a defaulting counterparty is in poor financial condition, nee and fpl may not be able to recover damages for any contract breach.
nee and fpl could recognize financial losses or a reduction in operating cash flows if a counterparty fails to perform or make payments in accordance with the terms of derivative contracts or if nee or fpl is required to post margin cash collateral under derivative contracts.
nee and fpl use derivative instruments, such as swaps, options, futures and forwards, some of which are traded in the otc markets or on exchanges, to manage their commodity and financial market risks, and for nee to engage in trading and marketing activities. any failures by their counterparties to perform or make payments in accordance with the terms of those transactions could have a material adverse effect on nee's or fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. similarly, any requirement for fpl or nee to post margin cash collateral under its derivative contracts could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee and fpl are highly dependent on sensitive and complex information technology systems, and any failure or breach of those systems could have a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee and fpl operate in a highly regulated industry that requires the continuous functioning of sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure. despite nee's and fpl's implementation of security measures, all of their technology systems are vulnerable to disability, failures or unauthorized access due to such activities. if nee's or fpl's information technology systems were to fail or be breached, sensitive confidential and other data could be compromised and nee and fpl could be unable to fulfill critical business functions.
nee's and fpl's business is highly dependent on their ability to process and monitor, on a daily basis, a very large number of transactions, many of which are highly complex and cross numerous and diverse markets. due to the size, scope and geographical reach of nee's and fpl's business, and due to the complexity of the process of power generation, transmission and distribution, the development and maintenance of information technology systems to keep track of and process information is critical and challenging. nee's and fpl's operating systems and facilities may fail to operate properly or become disabled as a result of events that are either within, or wholly or partially outside of, their control, such as operator error, severe weather or terrorist activities. any such failure or disabling event could materially adversely affect nee's and fpl's ability to process transactions and provide services, and their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee and fpl add, modify and replace information systems on a regular basis. modifying existing information systems or implementing new or replacement information systems is costly and involves risks, including, but not limited to, integrating the modified, new or replacement system with existing systems and processes, implementing associated changes in accounting procedures and controls, and ensuring that data conversion is accurate and consistent. any disruptions or deficiencies in existing information systems, or disruptions, delays or deficiencies in the modification or implementation of new information systems, could result in increased costs, the inability to track or collect revenues and the diversion of management's and employees' attention and resources, and could negatively impact the effectiveness of the companies' control environment, and/or the companies' ability to timely file required regulatory reports.
nee and fpl also face the risks of operational failure or capacity constraints of third parties, including, but not limited to, those who provide power transmission and natural gas transportation services.
nee's and fpl's retail businesses are subject to the risk that sensitive customer data may be compromised, which could result in a material adverse impact to their reputation and/or the results of operations of the retail business.
nee's and fpl's retail businesses require access to sensitive customer data in the ordinary course of business. nee's and fpl's retail businesses may also need to provide sensitive customer data to vendors and service providers who require access to this information in order to provide services, such as call center services, to the retail businesses. if a significant breach occurred, the reputation of nee and fpl could be materially adversely affected, customer confidence could be diminished, or customer information could be subject to identity theft. nee and fpl would be subject to costs associated with the breach and/or nee and fpl could be subject to fines and legal claims, any of which may have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of nee and fpl.
nee and fpl could recognize financial losses as a result of volatility in the market values of derivative instruments and limited liquidity in otc markets.
nee and fpl execute transactions in derivative instruments on either recognized exchanges or via the otc markets, depending on management's assessment of the most favorable credit and market execution factors. transactions executed in otc markets have the potential for greater volatility and less liquidity than transactions on recognized exchanges. as a result, nee and fpl may not be able to execute desired otc transactions due to such heightened volatility and limited liquidity.
in the absence of actively quoted market prices and pricing information from external sources, the valuation of derivative instruments involves management's judgment and use of estimates. as a result, changes in the underlying assumptions or use of alternative valuation methods could affect the reported fair value of these derivative instruments and have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
from time to time, political and public sentiment may result in a significant amount of adverse press coverage and other adverse public statements affecting nee and fpl. adverse press coverage and other adverse statements, whether or not driven by political or public sentiment, may also result in investigations by regulators, legislators and law enforcement officials or in legal claims. responding to these investigations and lawsuits, regardless of the ultimate outcome of the proceeding, can divert the time and effort of senior management from nee's and fpl's business.
addressing any adverse publicity, governmental scrutiny or enforcement or other legal proceedings is time consuming and expensive and, regardless of the factual basis for the assertions being made, can have a negative impact on the reputation of nee and fpl, on the morale and performance of their employees and on their relationships with their respective regulators. it may also have a negative impact on their ability to take timely advantage of various business and market opportunities. the direct and indirect effects of negative publicity, and the demands of responding to and addressing it, may have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially adversely affected if fpl is unable to maintain, negotiate or renegotiate franchise agreements on acceptable terms with municipalities and counties in florida.
fpl must negotiate franchise agreements with municipalities and counties in florida to provide electric services within such municipalities and counties, and electricity sales generated pursuant to these agreements represent a very substantial portion of fpl's revenues. if fpl is unable to maintain, negotiate or renegotiate such franchise agreements on acceptable terms, it could contribute to lower earnings and fpl may not fully realize the anticipated benefits from significant investments and expenditures, which could materially adversely affect nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
increasing costs associated with health care plans may materially adversely affect nee's and fpl's results of operations.
the costs of providing health care benefits to employees and retirees have increased substantially in recent years. nee and fpl anticipate that their employee benefit costs, including, but not limited to, costs related to health care plans for employees and former employees, will continue to rise. the increasing costs and funding requirements associated with nee's and fpl's health care plans may materially adversely affect nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be negatively affected by the lack of a qualified workforce or the loss or retirement of key employees.
nee and fpl may not be able to service customers, grow their business or generally meet their other business plan goals effectively and profitably if they do not attract and retain a qualified workforce. additionally, the loss or retirement of key executives and other employees may materially adversely affect service and productivity and contribute to higher training and safety costs.
over the next several years, a significant portion of nee's and fpl's workforce, including, but not limited to, many workers with specialized skills maintaining and servicing the nuclear generation facilities and electrical infrastructure, will be eligible to retire. such highly skilled individuals may not be able to be replaced quickly due to the technically complex work they perform. if a significant amount of such workers retire and are not replaced, the subsequent loss in productivity and increased recruiting and training costs could result in a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected by work strikes or stoppages and increasing personnel costs.
employee strikes or work stoppages could disrupt operations and lead to a loss of revenue and customers. personnel costs may also increase due to inflationary or competitive pressures on payroll and benefits costs and revised terms of collective bargaining agreements with union employees. these consequences could have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee's ability to successfully identify, complete and integrate acquisitions is subject to significant risks, including, but not limited to, the effect of increased competition for acquisitions resulting from the consolidation of the power industry.
nee is likely to encounter significant competition for acquisition opportunities that may become available as a result of the consolidation of the power industry in general. in addition, nee may be unable to identify attractive acquisition opportunities at favorable prices and to complete and integrate them successfully and in a timely manner.
nuclear generation risks the construction, operation and maintenance of nee's and fpl's nuclear generation facilities involve environmental, health and financial risks that could result in fines or the closure of the facilities and in increased costs and capital expenditures.
nee's and fpl's nuclear generation facilities are subject to environmental, health and financial risks, including, but not limited to, those relating to site storage of spent nuclear fuel, the disposition of spent nuclear fuel, leakage and emissions of tritium and other radioactive elements in the event of a nuclear accident or otherwise, the threat of a terrorist attack and other potential liabilities arising out of the ownership or operation of the facilities. nee and fpl maintain decommissioning funds and external insurance coverage which are intended to reduce the financial exposure to some of these risks; however, the cost of decommissioning nuclear generation facilities could exceed the amount available in nee's and fpl's decommissioning funds, and the exposure to liability and property damages could exceed the amount of insurance coverage. if nee or fpl is unable to recover the additional costs incurred through insurance or, in the case of fpl, through regulatory mechanisms, their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected.
in the event of an incident at any nuclear generation facility in the u.s. or at certain nuclear generation facilities in europe, nee and fpl could be assessed significant retrospective assessments and/or retrospective insurance premiums as a result of their participation in a secondary financial protection system and nuclear insurance mutual companies.
liability for accidents at nuclear power plants is governed by the price-anderson act, which limits the liability of nuclear reactor owners to the amount of insurance available from both private sources and an industry retrospective payment plan. in accordance with this act, nee maintains $375 million of private liability insurance per site, which is the maximum obtainable, and participates in a secondary financial protection system, which provides up to $13.2 billion of liability insurance coverage per incident at any nuclear reactor in the u.s. under the secondary financial protection system, nee is subject to retrospective assessments and/or retrospective insurance premiums of up to $1 billion ($509 million for fpl), plus any applicable taxes, per incident at any nuclear reactor in the u.s. or at certain nuclear generation facilities in europe, regardless of fault or proximity to the incident, payable at a rate not to exceed $152 million ($76 million for fpl) per incident per year. such assessments, if levied, could materially adversely affect nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nrc orders or new regulations related to increased security measures and any future safety requirements promulgated by the nrc could require nee and fpl to incur substantial operating and capital expenditures at their nuclear generation facilities.
the nrc has broad authority to impose licensing and safety-related requirements for the operation and maintenance of nuclear generation facilities, the addition of capacity at existing nuclear generation facilities and the construction of nuclear generation facilities, and these requirements are subject to change. in the event of non-compliance, the nrc has the authority to impose fines or shut down a nuclear generation facility, or to take both of these actions, depending upon its assessment of the severity of the situation, until compliance is achieved. any of the foregoing events could require nee and fpl to incur increased costs and capital expenditures, and could reduce revenues.
any serious nuclear incident occurring at a nee or fpl plant could result in substantial remediation costs and other expenses. a major incident at a nuclear facility anywhere in the world could cause the nrc to limit or prohibit the operation or licensing of any domestic nuclear generation facility. an incident at a nuclear facility anywhere in the world also could cause the nrc to impose additional conditions or other requirements on the industry, or on certain types of nuclear generation units, which could increase costs, reduce revenues and result in additional capital expenditures.
the inability to operate any of neer's or fpl's nuclear generation units through the end of their respective operating licenses could have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
the operating licenses for nee's and fpl's nuclear generation facilities extend through at least 2030. if the facilities cannot be operated for any reason through the life of those operating licenses, nee or fpl may be required to increase depreciation rates, incur impairment charges and accelerate future decommissioning expenditures, any of which could materially adversely affect their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
various hazards posed to nuclear generation facilities, along with increased public attention to and awareness of such hazards, could result in increased nuclear licensing or compliance costs which are difficult or impossible to predict and could have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
the threat of terrorist activity, as well as recent international events implicating the safety of nuclear facilities, could result in more stringent or complex measures to keep facilities safe from a variety of hazards, including, but not limited to, natural disasters such as earthquakes and tsunamis, as well as terrorist or other criminal threats. this increased focus on safety could result in higher compliance costs which, at present, cannot be assessed with any measure of certainty and which could have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
nee's and fpl's nuclear units are periodically removed from service to accommodate normal refueling and maintenance outages, and for other purposes. if planned outages last longer than anticipated or if there are unplanned outages, nee's and fpl's results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
nee's and fpl's nuclear units are periodically removed from service to accommodate normal refueling and maintenance outages, including, but not limited to, inspections, repairs and certain other modifications. in addition, outages may be scheduled, often in connection with a refueling outage, to replace equipment, to increase the generation capacity at a particular nuclear unit, or for other purposes, and those planned activities increase the time the unit is not in operation. in the event that a scheduled outage lasts longer than anticipated or in the event of an unplanned outage due to, for example, equipment failure, such outages could materially adversely affect nee's or fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
liquidity, capital requirements and common stock risks disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the credit and capital markets may negatively affect nee's and fpl's ability to fund their liquidity and capital needs and to meet their growth objectives, and can also materially adversely affect the results of operations and financial condition of nee and fpl.
nee and fpl rely on access to capital and credit markets as significant sources of liquidity for capital requirements and other operations requirements that are not satisfied by operating cash flows. disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in those capital and credit markets, including, but not limited to, the conditions of the most recent financial crises in the u.s. and abroad, could increase nee's and fpl's cost of capital. if nee or fpl is unable to access regularly the capital and credit markets on terms that are reasonable, it may have to delay raising capital, issue shorter-term securities and incur an unfavorable cost of capital, which, in turn, could adversely affect its ability to grow its business, could contribute to lower earnings and reduced financial flexibility, and could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
although nee's competitive energy subsidiaries have used non-recourse or limited-recourse, project-specific financing in the past, market conditions and other factors could adversely affect the future availability of such financing. the inability of nee's subsidiaries to access the capital and credit markets to provide project-specific financing for electric-generating and other facilities on favorable terms, whether because of disruptions or volatility in those markets or otherwise, could necessitate additional capital raising or borrowings by nee and/or neech in the future.
the inability of subsidiaries that have existing project-specific financing arrangements to meet the requirements of various agreements relating to those financings could give rise to a project-specific financing default which, if not cured or waived, might result in the specific project, and potentially in some limited instances its parent companies, being required to repay the associated debt or other borrowings earlier than otherwise anticipated, and if such repayment were not made, the lenders or security holders would generally have rights to foreclose against the project assets and related collateral. such an occurrence also could result in nee expending additional funds or incurring additional obligations over the shorter term to ensure continuing compliance with project-specific financing arrangements based upon the expectation of improvement in the project's performance or financial returns over the longer term. any of these actions could materially adversely affect nee's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, as well as the availability or terms of future financings for nee or its subsidiaries.
nee's, neech's and fpl's inability to maintain their current credit ratings may materially adversely affect nee's and fpl's liquidity and results of operations, limit the ability of nee and fpl to grow their business, and increase interest costs.
the inability of nee, neech and fpl to maintain their current credit ratings could materially adversely affect their ability to raise capital or obtain credit on favorable terms, which, in turn, could impact nee's and fpl's ability to grow their business and service indebtedness and repay borrowings, and would likely increase their interest costs. some of the factors that can affect credit ratings are cash flows, liquidity, the amount of debt as a component of total capitalization, and political, legislative and regulatory actions. there can be no assurance that one or more of the ratings of nee, neech and fpl will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency.
the inability of nee's, neech's and fpl's credit providers to fund their credit commitments or to maintain their current credit ratings could require nee, neech or fpl, among other things, to renegotiate requirements in agreements, find an alternative credit provider with acceptable credit ratings to meet funding requirements, or post cash collateral and could have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's liquidity.
poor market performance and other economic factors could affect nee's defined benefit pension plan's funded status, which may materially adversely affect nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations and prospects.
nee sponsors a qualified noncontributory defined benefit pension plan for substantially all employees of nee and its subsidiaries. a decline in the market value of the assets held in the defined benefit pension plan due to poor investment performance or other factors may increase the funding requirements for this obligation.
nee's defined benefit pension plan is sensitive to changes in interest rates, since, as interest rates decrease the funding liabilities increase, potentially increasing benefits costs and funding requirements. any increase in benefits costs or funding requirements may have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects.
poor market performance and other economic factors could adversely affect the asset values of nee's and fpl's nuclear decommissioning funds, which may materially adversely affect nee's and fpl's liquidity and results of operations.
nee and fpl are required to maintain decommissioning funds to satisfy their future obligations to decommission their nuclear power plants. a decline in the market value of the assets held in the decommissioning funds due to poor investment performance or other factors may increase the funding requirements for these obligations. any increase in funding requirements may have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
certain of nee's investments are subject to changes in market value and other risks, which may materially adversely affect nee's liquidity, financial results and results of operations.
nee holds other investments where changes in the fair value affect nee's financial results. in some cases there may be no observable market values for these investments, requiring fair value estimates to be based on other valuation techniques. this type of analysis requires significant judgment and the actual values realized in a sale of these investments could differ materially from those estimated. a sale of an investment below previously estimated value, or other decline in the fair value of an investment, could result in losses or the write-off of such investment, and may have a material adverse effect on nee's liquidity, financial condition and results of operations.
nee may be unable to meet its ongoing and future financial obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock if its subsidiaries are unable to pay upstream dividends or repay funds to nee.
nee is a holding company and, as such, has no material operations of its own. substantially all of nee's consolidated assets are held by its subsidiaries. nee's ability to meet its financial obligations, including, but not limited to, its guarantees, and to pay dividends on its common stock is primarily dependent on its subsidiaries' net income and cash flows, which are subject to the risks of their respective businesses, and their ability to pay upstream dividends or to repay funds to nee.
nee's subsidiaries are separate legal entities and have no independent obligation to provide nee with funds for its payment obligations. the subsidiaries have financial obligations, including, but not limited to, payment of debt service, which they must satisfy before they can provide nee with funds. in addition, in the event of a subsidiary's liquidation or reorganization, nee's right to participate in a distribution of assets is subject to the prior claims of the subsidiary's creditors.
the dividend-paying ability of some of the subsidiaries is limited by contractual restrictions which are contained in outstanding financing agreements and which may be included in future financing agreements. the future enactment of laws or regulations also may prohibit or restrict the ability of nee's subsidiaries to pay upstream dividends or to repay funds.
nee may be unable to meet its ongoing and future financial obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock if nee is required to perform under guarantees of obligations of its subsidiaries.
nee guarantees many of the obligations of its consolidated subsidiaries, other than fpl, through guarantee agreements with neech. these guarantees may require nee to provide substantial funds to its subsidiaries or their creditors or counterparties at a time when nee is in need of liquidity to meet its own financial obligations. funding such guarantees may materially adversely affect nee's ability to meet its financial obligations or to pay dividends.
disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the credit and capital markets may exert downward pressure on the market price of nee's common stock.
the market price and trading volume of nee's common stock are subject to fluctuations as a result of, among other factors, general credit and capital market conditions and changes in market sentiment regarding the operations, business and financing strategies of nee and its subsidiaries. as a result, disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the credit and capital markets may, for example, have a material adverse effect on the market price of nee's common stock.
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview nee's operating performance is driven primarily by the operations of its two principal subsidiaries, fpl, which serves approximately 4.7 million customer accounts in florida and is one of the largest rate-regulated electric utilities in the u.s., and neer, which together with affiliated entities is the largest generator in north america of renewable energy from the wind and sun. the table below presents net income (loss) attributable to nee and earnings (loss) per share attributable to nee by reportable segment - fpl, neer and corporate and other, which is primarily comprised of the operating results of neet, fpl fibernet and other business activities, as well as other income and expense items, including interest expense, income taxes and eliminating entries (see note 14 for additional segment information, including reported results from continuing operations). the following discussions should be read in conjunction with the notes to consolidated financial statements contained herein and all comparisons are with the corresponding items in the prior year.
(a)   neer's results reflect an allocation of interest expense from neech based on a deemed capital structure of 70% debt and allocated shared service costs.
during 2014, nep, through neer, was formed to acquire, manage and own contracted clean energy projects with stable, long-term cash flows through a limited partnership interest in nep opco. on july 1, 2014, nep completed its ipo as further described in note 1 - nextera energy partners, lp. in october 2014, nep entered into agreements to expand its portfolio through two project acquisitions from neer. the first acquisition, which closed in january 2015, is a 250 mw wind project that was not included in the rofo assets. the second acquisition is a 20 mw solar project included in the rofo assets, which is currently under construction and is expected to close in the first quarter of 2015. in december 2014, nee and hei announced a proposed merger. see item 1. business - overview.
for the five years ended december 31, 2014, nee delivered a total shareholder return of approximately 140.9%, above the s&p 500's 105.1% return, the s&p 500 utilities' 87.0% return and the dow jones u.s. electricity's 79.9% return. the historical stock performance of nee's common stock shown in the performance graph below is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance.
adjusted earnings nee prepares its financial statements under gaap. however, management uses earnings excluding certain items (adjusted earnings), a non-gaap financial measure, internally for financial planning, for analysis of performance, for reporting of results to the board of directors and as an input in determining performance-based compensation under nee's employee incentive compensation plans. nee also uses adjusted earnings when communicating its financial results and earnings outlook to analysts and investors. nee's management believes adjusted earnings provides a more meaningful representation of the company's fundamental earnings power. although the excluded amounts are properly included in the determination of net income under gaap, management believes that the amount and/or nature of such items make period to period comparisons of operations difficult and potentially confusing. adjusted earnings do not represent a substitute for net income, as prepared under gaap.
adjusted earnings exclude the unrealized mark-to-market effect of non-qualifying hedges (as described below) and otti losses on securities held in neer's nuclear decommissioning funds, net of the reversal of previously recognized otti losses on securities sold and losses on securities where price recovery was deemed unlikely (collectively, otti reversals). however, other adjustments may be made from time to time with the intent to provide more meaningful and comparable results of ongoing operations.
nee and neer segregate into two categories unrealized mark-to-market gains and losses on derivative transactions. the first category, referred to as non-qualifying hedges, represents certain energy derivative transactions, and, beginning in 2013, certain interest rate derivative transactions entered into as economic hedges, which do not meet the requirements for hedge accounting, or for which hedge accounting treatment is not elected or has been discontinued. changes in the fair value of those transactions are marked to market and reported in the consolidated statements of income, resulting in earnings volatility because the economic offset to the positions are not marked to market. as a consequence, nee's net income reflects only the movement in one part of economically-linked transactions. for example, a gain (loss) in the non-qualifying hedge category for certain energy derivatives is offset by decreases (increases) in the fair value of related physical asset positions in the portfolio or contracts, which are not marked to market under gaap. for this reason, nee's management views results expressed excluding the unrealized mark-to-market impact of the non-qualifying hedges as a meaningful measure of current period performance. the second category, referred to as trading activities, which is included in adjusted earnings, represents the net unrealized effect of actively traded positions entered into to take advantage of expected market price movements and all other commodity hedging activities. at fpl, substantially all changes in the fair value of energy derivative transactions are deferred as a regulatory asset or liability until the contracts are settled, and, upon settlement, any gains or losses are passed through the fuel clause. see note 3.
in 2013, an after-tax gain from discontinued operations of $231 million ($216 million recorded at neer and $15 million recorded at corporate and other) was recorded in nee's consolidated statements of income related to the sale of its ownership interest in a portfolio of hydropower generation plants and related assets located in maine and new hampshire (see note 6). in addition, during 2013, an after-tax loss of $43 million ($41 million recorded at neer and $2 million recorded at corporate and other) was recorded associated with the decision to pursue the sale of neer's ownership interests in oil-fired generating plants located in maine (maine fossil). during 2014, neer decided not to pursue the sale of maine fossil and recorded an after-tax gain of $12 million to increase maine fossil's carrying value to its estimated fair value. see note 4 - nonrecurring fair value measurements. also in 2013, neer recorded an impairment of $300 million and other related charges ($342 million after-tax) related to the spain solar projects in nee's consolidated statements of income. see note 4 - nonrecurring fair value measurements and note 13 - spain solar projects. in order to make period to period comparisons more meaningful, adjusted earnings also exclude the items discussed above, and, beginning in the third quarter of 2013, the after-tax operating results associated with the spain solar projects.
the following table provides details of the adjustments to net income considered in computing nee's adjusted earnings discussed above.
net unrealized mark-to-market after-tax gains (losses) from non-qualifying hedge activity(a)                                    $153              $(53           )        $(34        )
income (loss) from otti after-tax losses on securities held in neer's nuclear decommissioning funds, net of otti reversals(b)   $(2       )       $1                      $31
after-tax charges recorded by neer associated with the impairment of the spain solar projects                                   $-                $(342          )        $-
after-tax operating loss of neer's spain solar projects                                                                         $(32      )       $(4            )        $-
(a)   for 2014, 2013 and 2012, $171 million of the gains, $54 million of losses and $37 million of losses, respectively, are included in neer's net income; the balance is included in corporate and other.
(b)   for 2014, $1 million of gains are included in neer's net income; the balance is included in corporate and other. for 2013 and 2012, all of the gains are included in neer's net income.
(c)   for 2013, $216 million of the gain is included in neer's net income; the balance is included in corporate and other.
(d)   for 2014, all of the gain is included in neer's net income. for 2013, $41 million of the loss is included in neer's net income; the balance is included in corporate and other.
the change in unrealized mark-to-market activity from non-qualifying hedges is primarily attributable to changes in forward power and natural gas prices and interest rates, as well as the reversal of previously recognized unrealized mark-to-market gains or losses as the underlying transactions were realized.
during 2014, nee and its subsidiaries implemented initiatives determined during a 2013 enterprise-wide process focused mainly on improving productivity and reducing o&m expenses (cost savings initiative). the transition costs associated with the cost savings initiative recorded by nee in 2013 amounted to approximately $72 million ($44 million after-tax), of which $32 million of such after-tax costs were recorded by fpl and $12 million by neer.
fpl's increase in net income in 2014 was primarily driven by continued investments in plant in service while earning an 11.50% regulatory roe on its retail rate base. during 2014, fpl placed in service the 1,212 mw natural gas-fired combined-cycle riviera beach power plant and began construction on the modernization project at the port everglades power plant. in 2014, fpl's average typical residential 1,000 kwh bill was the lowest among reporting electric utilities within florida and 25% below the national average based on a rate per kwh as of july 2014. in december 2014, the fpsc approved fpl's petition to invest in long-term natural gas supplies in the woodford shale region in southeastern oklahoma and for the recovery of costs associated with the investment through the fuel clause (see item 1. business - fpl - fpl sources of generation - fossil operations).
neer's results increased in 2014 reflecting higher results from new investments, net unrealized gain from non-qualifying hedge activity compared to losses on such hedges in the prior year period, and the absence of $342 million of after-tax charges associated with the impairment of the spain solar projects recorded in 2013, partly offset by the absence of the $231 million after-tax gain from discontinued operations recorded in 2013. in 2014, neer added approximately 1,217 mw of wind capacity in the u.s. and canada, net of sales and dismantlements, and 265 mw of solar capacity in the u.s. and increased its backlog of contracted renewable development projects.
corporate and other's results in 2014 declined primarily due to consolidating tax adjustments and higher investment losses. in 2014, nee committed to make an equity investment in a joint venture which plans to construct an approximately 300-mile natural gas pipeline. see item 1. business - other nee operating subsidiaries - natural gas pipeline systems - mountain valley pipeline.
nee and its subsidiaries, including fpl, require funds to support and grow their businesses. these funds are primarily provided by cash flow from operations, short- and long-term borrowings and proceeds from the sale of differential membership interests and of noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries associated with nep and, from time to time, issuance of equity securities. as of december 31, 2014, nee's total net available liquidity was approximately $7.0 billion, of which fpl's portion was approximately $2.1 billion.
results of operations net income attributable to nee for 2014 was $2.47 billion, compared to $1.91 billion in 2013 and $1.91 billion in 2012. in 2014, net income attributable to nee improved due to higher results at fpl and neer partly offset by lower results at corporate and other. in 2013, net income was unfavorably affected by lower results at neer, offset by higher results at fpl and corporate and other.
nee's effective income tax rate for all periods presented reflects ptcs for wind projects at neer and deferred income tax benefits associated with convertible itcs under the american recovery and reinvestment act of 2009, as amended (recovery act). ptcs and deferred income tax benefits associated with convertible itcs can significantly affect nee's effective income tax rate depending on the amount of pretax income. the amount of ptcs recognized can be significantly affected by wind generation and by the roll off of ptcs on certain wind projects after ten years of production (ptc roll off). in addition, nee's effective income tax rate for 2014 was unfavorably affected by a noncash income tax charge of approximately $45 million associated with structuring canadian assets and for 2013 was unfavorably affected by the establishment of a full valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets associated with the spain solar projects. see note 1 - income taxes and - sale of differential membership interests, note 4 - nonrecurring fair value measurements and note 5. also see item 1. business - neer - generation and other operations - neer fuel/technology mix - policy incentives for renewable energy projects for a discussion of the tax increase prevention act of 2014.
fpl: results of operations fpl obtains its operating revenues primarily from the sale of electricity to retail customers at rates established by the fpsc through base rates and cost recovery clause mechanisms. fpl's net income for 2014, 2013 and 2012 was $1,517 million, $1,349 million and $1,240 million, respectively, representing an increase in 2014 of $168 million and an increase in 2013 of $109 million.
the use of reserve amortization in 2014 and 2013 is permitted by the 2012 rate agreement and, for 2012, the 2010 rate agreement, subject to limitations provided in the rate agreements. see item 1. business - fpl - fpl regulation - fpl rate regulation - base rates for additional information on the 2012 and 2010 rate agreements. in order to earn a targeted regulatory roe in each reporting
period under the 2012 and 2010 rate agreements, reserve amortization is calculated using a trailing thirteen-month average of retail rate base and capital structure in conjunction with the trailing twelve months regulatory retail base net operating income, which primarily includes the retail base portion of base and other revenues, net of o&m, depreciation and amortization, interest and tax expenses. in general, the net impact of these income statement line items is adjusted, in part, by reserve amortization to earn a targeted regulatory roe. in certain periods, reserve amortization must be reversed so as not to exceed the targeted regulatory roe. the drivers of fpl's net income not reflected in the reserve amortization calculation typically include wholesale and transmission service revenues and expenses, cost recovery clause revenues and expenses, afudc - equity and costs not allowed to be recovered from customers by the fpsc. in 2014, fpl reversed reserve amortization of approximately $33 million and, in 2013 and 2012, fpl recorded reserve amortization of $155 million and $480 million, respectively.
fpl's regulatory roe for 2014 was 11.50%, compared to 10.96% in 2013 and 11.00% in 2012. the 2013 regulatory roe of 10.96% reflects approximately $32 million of after-tax charges associated with the cost savings initiative (see 2014 summary above). these charges were not offset by additional reserve amortization. excluding the impact of these charges, fpl's regulatory roe for 2013 would have been approximately 11.25%.
in 2014, the growth in earnings for fpl was primarily driven by the following:
•   higher earnings on investment in plant in service of approximately $105 million. investment in plant in service grew fpl's average retail rate base in 2014 by $2.3 billion reflecting, among other things, the modernized riviera beach power plant and ongoing transmission and distribution additions,
•   growth in wholesale services provided which increased earnings by $47 million,
•   the absence of $32 million of after-tax charges associated with the cost savings initiative recorded in 2013, and
•   higher earnings of $30 million related to the increase in the targeted regulatory roe from 11.25% to 11.50%, partly offset by,
•   lower cost recovery clause results of $22 million primarily due to the transfer of new nuclear capacity to retail rate base as discussed below under retail base, cost recovery clauses and interest expense, and
•   lower afudc - equity of $19 million primarily related to the riviera beach and cape canaveral power plants being placed in service in april 2014 and april 2013, respectively.
in 2013, the growth in earnings for fpl was primarily driven by the following:
•   higher earnings on investment in plant in service of approximately $175 million. investment in plant in service grew fpl's average retail rate base in 2013 by $3.4 billion reflecting, among other things, the modernized cape canaveral power plant, generation power uprates at fpl's nuclear units and ongoing transmission and distribution additions, partly offset by,
•   lower cost recovery clause results of $45 million primarily due to the transfer of new nuclear capacity to retail rate base as discussed below under retail base, cost recovery clauses and interest expense, and
•   the $32 million of after-tax charges associated with the cost savings initiative.
fpl's operating revenues consisted of the following:
fuel cost recovery                                                                                         3,876                 3,334                  3,815
net deferral of retail fuel revenues                                                                           -                     -                    (44    )
net recognition of previously deferred retail fuel revenues                                                    -                    44                      -
other cost recovery clauses and pass-through costs, net of any deferrals                                   1,766                 1,837                  1,858
other, primarily wholesale and transmission sales, customer-related fees and pole attachment rentals         432                   279                    239
retail base fpsc rate orders in 2014 and 2013, fpl's retail base revenues benefited from the 2012 rate agreement as retail base rates and charges were designed to increase approximately $350 million on an annualized basis, as well as a $164 million annualized retail base rate increase associated with the cape canaveral power plant, which was placed in service in april 2013 and a $234 million annualized retail base rate increase associated with the riviera beach power plant which was placed in service in april 2014. the 2012 rate agreement:
•   establishes fpl's allowed regulatory roe at 10.50%, with a range of plus or minus 100 basis points, and
•   allows for an additional retail base rate increase as the modernized port everglades project becomes operational (which is expected by mid-2016).
in 2012, fpl's retail base revenues were impacted by the 2010 rate agreement. see item 1. business - fpl - fpl regulation - fpl rate regulation - base rates for additional information on the 2012 and 2010 rate agreements.
included in retail base revenues for 2014 was approximately $192 million of additional base revenues related to the riviera beach power plant which was placed in service in april 2014 and $53 million of additional retail base revenues related to the cape canaveral power plant which was placed in service in april 2013. included in retail base revenues for 2013 was approximately $302 million of additional revenues associated with new retail base rates under the 2012 rate agreement and $129 million of additional retail base revenues related to the cape canaveral power plant. additional retail base revenues of approximately $115 million and $237 million were recorded in 2014 and 2013, respectively, primarily related to new nuclear capacity which was placed in service in 2013 and 2012 as permitted by the fpsc's nuclear cost recovery rule. see cost recovery clauses below for discussion of the nuclear cost recovery rule.
retail customer usage and growth in 2014 and 2013, fpl experienced a 1.8% and 1.1% increase, respectively, in the average number of customer accounts and a 0.4% and 0.2% decrease, respectively, in the average usage per retail customer, which collectively, together with other factors, increased revenues by approximately $36 million and $37 million, respectively. a portion of the increase in the average number of customer accounts in 2014 and 2013 can be attributed to the remote disconnection of inactive meters (meters at premises where electric service is available but no customer is requesting service) through the use of smart meters and the subsequent establishment of valid customer accounts (reactivated customers). generally the usage of these reactivated customers was lower than average usage customers and, accordingly, did not increase revenues proportionally. an improvement in the florida economy contributed to the increased revenues for both periods and favorable weather contributed to the increased revenues in 2013.
cost recovery clauses revenues from fuel and other cost recovery clauses and pass-through costs, such as franchise fees, revenue taxes and storm-related surcharges, are largely a pass-through of costs. such revenues also include a return on investment allowed to be recovered through the cost recovery clauses on certain assets, primarily related to nuclear capacity, solar and environmental projects. in 2014, 2013 and 2012, cost recovery clauses contributed $93 million, $115 million and $160 million, respectively, to fpl's net income. the decrease in 2014 and 2013 in cost recovery clause results is primarily due to the collection in both years of retail base revenues related to new nuclear capacity which was placed in service in 2013 and 2012 (see retail base above). in 2014, there was minimal contribution to net income from the nuclear cost recovery rule as all nuclear uprates have been placed in service and associated costs are now collected through base rates. fluctuations in fuel cost recovery revenues are primarily driven by changes in fuel and energy charges which are included in fuel, purchased power and interchange expense in the consolidated statements of income, as well as by changes in energy sales. fluctuations in revenues from other cost recovery clauses and pass-through costs are primarily driven by changes in storm-related surcharges, capacity charges, franchise fee costs, the impact of changes in o&m and depreciation expenses on the underlying cost recovery clause, investment in solar and environmental projects, investment in nuclear capacity until such capacity goes into service and is recovered in base rates, pre-construction costs associated with the development of two additional nuclear units at the turkey point site and changes in energy sales. capacity charges are included in fuel, purchased power and interchange and franchise fee costs are included in taxes other than income taxes and other in the consolidated statements of income. underrecovery or overrecovery of cost recovery clause and other pass-through costs can significantly affect nee's and fpl's operating cash flows. the change from december 31, 2013 to december 31, 2014 in deferred clause and franchise expenses and in deferred clause and franchise revenues was approximately $67 million and negatively affected nee's and fpl's cash flows from operating activities in 2014.
the increase in fuel cost recovery revenues in 2014 is primarily due to a higher average fuel factor of approximately $329 million and higher energy sales of $158 million. in addition, higher interchange power sales, partly offset by lower gas sales associated with an incentive mechanism allowed under the 2012 rate agreement (incentive gas sales), increased fuel cost recovery revenues in 2014 by approximately $55 million. the decrease in fuel cost recovery revenues in 2013 is primarily due to a lower average fuel factor, partly offset by incentive gas sales and higher interchange power sales (collectively, approximately $200 million).
the decrease in revenues from other cost recovery clauses and pass-through costs in 2014 and 2013 primarily reflects higher revenues in 2012 associated with the fpsc's nuclear cost recovery rule reflective of higher earnings on additional nuclear capacity investments and the shift, in 2013 and 2014, to the collection of nuclear capacity recovery through retail base revenues (see retail base above). the nuclear cost recovery rule provides for the recovery of prudently incurred pre-construction costs and carrying charges (equal to the pretax afudc rate) on construction costs and a return on investment for new nuclear capacity through levelized charges under the capacity clause. the same rule provides for the recovery of construction costs, once property related to the new nuclear capacity goes into service, through a retail base rate increase effective beginning the following january.
other the increase in other revenues for 2014 primarily reflects higher wholesale revenues of approximately $131 million associated with an increase in contracted load served under existing contracts. the increase in other revenues for 2013 is primarily due to an increase in customer-related fees associated with the 2012 rate agreement.
other items impacting fpl's consolidated statements of income fuel, purchased power and interchange the major components of fpl's fuel, purchased power and interchange expense are as follows:
net deferral of retail fuel costs                                         (109   )               (148    )                  -
net recognition of previously deferred retail fuel costs                     -                      -                     103
other, primarily capacity charges, net of any capacity deferral            533                    554                     505
the increase in fuel and energy charges in 2014 was primarily due to higher fuel and energy prices of approximately $202 million, higher energy sales of approximately $187 million and an increase of $43 million related to incentive gas sales. the decrease in fuel and energy charges in 2013 was primarily due to lower fuel and energy prices of approximately $306 million, reflecting additional nuclear generation in 2013, which has a lower fuel cost, partly offset by gas purchased for incentive gas sales of $88 million and higher energy sales of $80 million. the additional nuclear generation in 2013 was primarily due to increased capacity of the nuclear units as a result of the nuclear uprate project and higher nuclear production reflecting lower outage duration in 2013.
o&m expenses fpl's o&m expenses decreased $79 million in 2014, primarily due the absence of 2013 transition costs associated with the cost savings initiative, as well as realized costs savings from this initiative. the ideas generated from the cost savings initiative are expected to keep fpl's o&m expenses recovered through base rates flat through 2016 as compared to 2012. fpl's o&m expenses decreased $74 million in 2013, reflecting lower cost recovery clause costs, which do not have a significant impact on net income, of approximately $54 million, the absence of nuclear outage costs incurred during an outage in the prior year and company-wide reductions in o&m expenses, partly offset by $52 million of transition costs associated with the cost savings initiative.
depreciation and amortization expense the major components of fpl's depreciation and amortization expense are as follows:
reserve reversal (amortization) recorded under the 2012 and 2010 rate agreements                                             $33                 $(155     )          $(480    )
other depreciation and amortization recovered under base rates                                                             1,211                 1,105                1,013
depreciation and amortization recovered under cost recovery clauses and securitized storm-recovery cost amortization         188                   209                  126
the reserve amortization, or reversal of such amortization, recorded in 2014 and 2013 reflects adjustments to the depreciation and fossil dismantlement reserve provided under the 2012 rate agreement. at december 31, 2014, approximately $278 million of the reserve remains available for future amortization over the term of the 2012 rate agreement. beginning in 2013, reserve amortization is recorded as a reduction of regulatory liabilities - accrued asset removal costs on the consolidated balance sheets. the reduction in the use of reserve amortization in 2014 and 2013 was primarily due to additional base revenues collected and lower base o&m expenses in the respective periods compared to the amounts recorded in the prior year periods. the increase in other depreciation and amortization expense recovered under base rates for 2014 and 2013 is primarily due to higher plant in service balances. the increase in depreciation and amortization recovered under cost recovery clauses and securitized storm-recovery cost amortization in 2013 is primarily due to recoveries of prior year investment under the fpsc's nuclear cost recovery rule and higher plant in service balances associated with environmental projects under the environmental clause.
taxes other than income taxes and other taxes other than income taxes and other increased $43 million in 2014 primarily due to higher franchise and revenue taxes, neither of which impact net income, as well as higher property taxes reflecting growth in plant in service balances, partly offset by lower payroll taxes. the increase of $63 million in 2013 was primarily due to higher property taxes, reflecting growth in plant in service balances, and higher payroll taxes.
interest expense the increase in interest expense in 2014 reflects higher average interest rates related to higher fixed rate debt balances, lower afudc - debt and higher average debt balances. the change in afudc - debt is due to the same factors as described below in afudc - equity. interest expense on storm-recovery bonds, as well as certain other interest expense on clause-recoverable investments (collectively, clause interest), do not significantly affect net income, as the clause interest is recovered either under cost recovery clause mechanisms or through a storm-recovery bond surcharge. clause interest for 2014, 2013 and 2012 amounted to approximately $42 million, $58 million and $81 million, respectively, and reflect the shift of nuclear capacity recovery through retail base revenues (see retail base and cost recovery clauses above).
afudc - equity the decrease in afudc - equity in 2014 was primarily due to lower afudc - equity associated with the riviera beach power plant which was placed in service in april 2014 and the cape canaveral power plant which was placed in service in april 2013, partly offset by additional afudc - equity recorded on construction expenditures associated with the port everglades modernization project.
capital initiatives fpl's 2012 rate agreement continues to provide, among other things, a high degree of base rate predictability through december 2016, including allowances for rate increases when the modernized cape canaveral, riviera beach and port everglades power plants are placed in service. the cape canaveral power plant was placed in service in april 2013 and the riviera beach power plant was placed in service in april 2014. the port everglades power plant is expected to provide approximately 1,240 mw of capacity and be placed in service by mid-2016. fpl plans to continue to strengthen the transmission and distribution infrastructure, to build three solar pv projects that are expected to provide approximately 74 mw each and be placed into service by the end of 2016 and to invest in long-term natural gas supplies. see item 1. business - fpl.
neer: results of operations neer owns, develops, constructs, manages and operates electric generating facilities in wholesale energy markets primarily in the u.s. and canada. neer's net income less net income attributable to noncontrolling interests for 2014, 2013 and 2012 was $985 million, $556 million and $687 million, respectively, resulting in an increase in 2014 of $429 million and a decrease in 2013 of $131 million. the primary drivers, on an after-tax basis, of these changes are in the following table.
customer supply and proprietary power and gas trading(b)                                                              16                                 (4      )
change in unrealized mark-to-market non-qualifying hedge activity(c)(d)                                              225                                (17      )
change in otti losses on securities held in nuclear decommissioning funds, net of otti reversals(d)                    -                                (30      )
change in maine fossil gain/loss(f)                                                                                   53                                (41      )
charges associated with the 2013 impairment of the spain solar projects(f)                                           342                               (342      )
operating loss of the spain solar projects(f)                                                                        (28      )                          (4      )
(a)   includes ptcs and state itcs on wind projects and, for new investments, deferred income tax and other benefits associated with convertible itcs (see note 1 -electric plant, depreciation and amortization, - income taxes and - sale of differential membership interests and note 5) but excludes allocation of interest expense or corporate general and administrative expenses. results from new projects are included in new investments during the first twelve months of operation. a project's results are included in existing assets beginning with the thirteenth month of operation. excludes the 99.8 mw associated with the spain solar projects and the related operating results.
(b)   excludes allocation of interest expense and corporate general and administrative expenses.
(e)   see note 6 and overview - adjusted earnings for additional information.
(f)   see note 4 - nonrecurring fair value measurements and overview - adjusted earnings for additional information.
•   the addition of approximately 1,678 mw of wind generation and 545 mw of solar generation during or after 2013, and
•   higher deferred income tax and other benefits associated with itcs of $25 million, partly offset by,
•   lower deferred income tax and other benefits associated with convertible itcs of $15 million.
•   the addition of approximately 1,897 mw of wind generation during or after 2012, and
•   higher deferred income tax and other benefits associated with convertible itcs of $18 million, partly offset by,
•   lower state itcs of $8 million.
•   higher results from wind assets of $29 million reflecting stronger wind resource and increased availability, favorable pricing and lower operating expenses, partly offset by ptc roll off,
•   higher results of $19 million from merchant assets in the ercot region and $11 million from other contracted natural gas assets primarily due to favorable market conditions, and
•   increased results of $11 million at maine fossil due to additional generation and favorable pricing related to extreme winter
weather, partly offset by,
•   lower results from the nuclear assets of approximately $30 million primarily due to lower pricing and scheduled outages in 2014, offset in part by higher nuclear decommissioning gains, and
•   lower results of $14 million due to the absence of the hydro assets which were sold in the first quarter of 2013.
•   lower wind generation of approximately $26 million,
•   ptc roll off of $26 million, and
•   lower results of $25 million due to the absence of the hydro assets which were sold in the first quarter of 2013, partly offset by,
•   increased generation at seabrook, primarily due to the absence of a 2012 reduction in capacity, as well as lower operating costs at that facility,
•   improved results of $16 million at duane arnold, primarily due to the absence of a 2012 refueling outage and favorable pricing, and
•   improved results of $11 million in the ercot region, primarily due to the absence of outages that occurred in 2012 at the natural gas facilities, and favorable market conditions.
gas infrastructure the decrease in gas infrastructure results in 2014 is primarily due to increased depreciation expense mainly related to higher depletion rates and operating lease expenses and lower revenues (collectively, approximately $31 million) as well as $5 million of after-tax impairment charges on two oil and gas producing properties reflecting a decline in oil and natural gas prices, partly offset by gains on the sale of investments in certain wells. the increase in gas infrastructure results in 2013 is primarily due to income from additional production in 2013, partly offset by the absence of gains recorded in 2012 from exiting the hedged positions on a number of future gas production opportunities. further declines in the price of oil and natural gas commodity products could result in additional impairments of neer's oil and gas producing properties. however, an impairment analysis performed under gaap does not take into consideration the mark-to-market value of hedged positions. neer hedges the expected output from its oil and gas producing properties for a period of time to protect against price movements; the fair value of such hedged positions at december 31, 2014 was approximately $315 million. at december 31, 2014, approximately $1.8 billion of nee's property, plant and equipment, net relates to the gas infrastructure business.
customer supply and proprietary power and gas trading results from customer supply and proprietary power and gas trading increased in 2014 primarily due to higher power and gas trading results and gains on gas purchase contracts, partly offset by lower results in the full requirements business reflecting the impact of extreme winter weather and market conditions in the northeast. in 2013, results from customer supply and proprietary power and gas trading decreased primarily due to lower results in the customer supply business reflecting lower margins and mild weather conditions, partly offset by higher power and gas trading results.
asset sales and restructuring activities asset sales and restructuring activities in 2014 primarily include an after-tax gain of approximately $14 million on the sale of a 75 mw wind project that became operational during 2014, offset by after-tax gains of approximately $8 million recorded in 2013. asset sales and restructuring activities in 2013 primarily include an after-tax gain of approximately $8 million on the sale of a portfolio of wind projects with net generating capacity totaling 223 mw, offset by after-tax gains of approximately $19 million related to project sales recorded in 2012.
interest expense, differential membership costs and other in 2014, interest expense, differential membership costs and other reflects higher borrowing and other costs to support the growth of the business, partly offset by favorable income tax benefits. in 2013, interest expense, differential membership costs and other reflects higher borrowing and other costs to support the growth of the business and transition costs associated with the cost savings initiative (approximately $12 million after-tax), partly offset by lower average interest rates and favorable income tax benefits.
other factors supplemental to the primary drivers of the changes in neer's net income less net income attributable to noncontrolling interests discussed above, the discussion below describes changes in certain line items set forth in nee's consolidated statements of income as they relate to neer.
operating revenues operating revenues for 2014 increased $858 million primarily due to:
•   higher unrealized mark-to-market gains from non-qualifying hedges ($372 million for 2014 compared to $116 million of losses on such hedges for 2013),
•   higher revenues from new investments of approximately $282 million, and
•   higher revenues from the customer supply business of $120 million, partly offset by,
•   lower revenues from existing assets of $13 million reflecting lower contracted revenues at duane arnold and the spain solar projects and lower revenues in the new england power pool (nepool) region reflecting a scheduled outage at seabrook, partly offset by higher wind generation due to stronger wind resource and increased availability and higher revenues in the ercot region primarily due to favorable market conditions, and
•   lower revenues from the gas infrastructure business and other o&amp;m service agreements.
operating revenues for 2013 increased $438 million primarily due to:
•   higher revenues in the nepool region primarily due to higher generation at seabrook due to the absence of a 2012 reduction in capacity, higher gas infrastructure revenues and higher revenues in the ercot region primarily due to the absence of outages that occurred in 2012 at the natural gas facilities, offset in part by lower customer supply and proprietary power and gas trading revenues (collectively, $419 million), and
•   higher revenues from new investments of approximately $262 million, including $56 million associated with the spain solar projects, partly offset by,
•   higher unrealized mark-to-market losses from non-qualifying hedges ($116 million in 2013 compared to $115 million of gains on such hedges in 2012).
operating expenses operating expenses for 2014 decreased $6 million primarily due to:
•   the absence of a $300 million impairment charge in 2013 related to the spain solar projects, and
•   lower other operating expenses reflecting the reimbursement by a vendor of certain o&amp;m-related costs as well as the absence of implementation costs recorded in 2013 related to the cost savings initiative, partly offset by the nep-related expenses, partly offset by,
•   higher fuel expense of approximately $171 million primarily in the ercot region and the customer supply business,
•   higher operating expenses associated with new investments of approximately $123 million, and
•   higher depreciation expense of approximately $24 million associated with the gas infrastructure business primarily related to higher depletion rates.
operating expenses for 2013 increased $706 million primarily due to:
•   an impairment charge of $300 million related to the spain solar projects,
•   higher fuel expenses primarily in the nepool and ercot regions and higher gas infrastructure operating expenses, offset in part by lower customer supply and proprietary power and gas trading fuel expense (collectively, $369 million),
•   higher operating expenses associated with new investments of approximately $149 million, including $42 million associated with the spain solar projects, and
•   higher corporate operating expenses of approximately $68 million, partly offset by,
•   higher unrealized mark-to-market gains from non-qualifying hedges ($1 million in 2013 compared to $184 million of losses on such hedges in 2012).
interest expense neer's interest expense for 2014 increased $138 million primarily due to higher average debt balances. in addition, neer's interest expense for 2014 reflects a $64 million unfavorable change in the fair value of cash flow hedges related to interest rate swaps for which hedge accounting was discontinued in 2013, compared to approximately $3 million of favorable changes in 2013. neer's interest expense for 2013 increased $54 million primarily due to higher average debt balances, partly offset by lower average interest rates. neer's interest expense in 2013 also includes approximately $23 million of additional interest expense associated with the spain solar projects, primarily due to the absence of capitalized interest during part of the year as the projects were placed in service in 2013.
benefits associated with differential membership interests - net benefits associated with differential membership interests - net in nee's consolidated statements of income for all periods presented reflect benefits recognized by neer as third-party investors received their portion of the economic attributes, including income tax attributes, of the underlying wind project, net of associated costs. see note 1 - sale of differential membership interests. for 2012, benefits associated with differential membership interests - net also includes $13 million of benefits where the investors elected to receive the convertible itcs related to the underlying wind project.
equity in earnings of equity method investees equity in earnings of equity method investees increased in 2014 primarily due to neer's 50% equity investment in a 550 mw solar project that commenced partial operations at the end of 2013 and full operations by the end of 2014.
gains on disposal of assets - net gains on disposal of assets - net in nee's consolidated statements of income for 2014, 2013 and 2012 primarily reflect gains on sales of securities held in neer's nuclear decommissioning funds and, for these respective periods, include approximately $14 million, $14 million and $69 million of otti reversals. gains on disposal of assets - net also reflect, in 2014, a pretax gain of approximately $23 million on the sale of a 75 mw wind project, in 2013, a pretax gain of approximately $14 million on the sale of a portfolio of wind assets with generation capacity totaling 223 mw, and in 2012, a pretax gain of $13 million on the sale of a 30 mw wind project and a pretax gain of $7 million related to an investment previously accounted for under the equity method in which neer obtained a controlling interest.
tax credits, benefits and expenses ptcs from neer's wind projects are reflected in neer's earnings. ptcs are recognized as wind energy is generated and sold based on a per kwh rate prescribed in applicable federal and state statutes, and were approximately $186 million, $209 million and $203 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. a portion of the ptcs have been allocated to investors in connection with sales of differential membership interests. in addition, nee's effective income tax rate for 2014, 2013 and 2012 was affected by deferred income tax benefits associated with convertible itcs of $57 million, $71 million and $44 million, respectively. nee's effective income tax rate for 2014 was unfavorably affected by a noncash income tax charge of approximately $45 million associated with structuring canadian assets and for 2013 was unfavorably affected by the establishment of a full valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets associated with the spain solar projects. see note 5 and overview - adjusted earnings for additional information.
capital initiatives neer is planning to add approximately 980 mw of new contracted u.s. wind generation, 175 mw of new contracted canadian wind generation and 960 mw of new contracted solar generation during 2015 through 2016 and will continue to pursue other additional investment opportunities that may develop. projects developed by neer might be offered for sale to nep if neer should seek to sell the projects.
corporate and other: results of operations corporate and other is primarily comprised of the operating results of neet, fpl fibernet and other business activities, as well as corporate interest income and expenses. corporate and other allocates a portion of neech's corporate interest expense and shared service costs to neer. interest expense is allocated based on a deemed capital structure of 70% debt and, for purposes of allocating neech's corporate interest expense, the deferred credit associated with differential membership interests sold by neer's subsidiaries is included with debt. each subsidiary's income taxes are calculated based on the "separate return method," except that tax benefits that could not be used on a separate return basis, but are used on the consolidated tax return, are recorded by the subsidiary that generated the tax benefits. any remaining consolidated income tax benefits or expenses are recorded at corporate and other. the major components of corporate and other's results, on an after-tax basis, are as follows:
interest expense, net of allocations to neer          $(95    )            $(109     )           $(90    )
federal and state income tax benefits (expenses)        (7    )               15                   20
the decrease in interest expense, net of allocations to neer in 2014 primarily relates to a larger allocation of interest costs to neer reflecting a need for additional capital at neer. the increase in interest expense, net of allocations to neer in 2013 reflects higher average debt balances, partly offset by lower average interest rates. the federal and state income tax benefits (expenses) reflect consolidating income tax adjustments and, in 2013, include a $15 million income tax benefit recorded as a gain from discontinued operations, net of federal income taxes (see overview - adjusted earnings).
other includes all other corporate income and expenses, as well as other business activities. the decrease in other in 2014 primarily reflects after-tax investment losses in 2014 and lower results from neet. the increase in other in 2013 reflects higher results from neet and after-tax investment gains compared to after-tax investment losses in 2012. substantially all of such investment losses and gains, on a pretax basis, is reflected in other - net in nee's consolidated statements of income.
capital initiatives nee will continue efforts toward regulatory approval and development of the florida natural gas pipeline system and the mountain valley pipeline, as well expansion of its transmission business. see item 1. business - other nee operating subsidiaries.
liquidity and capital resources nee and its subsidiaries, including fpl, require funds to support and grow their businesses. these funds are used for, among other things, working capital, capital expenditures, investments in or acquisitions of assets and businesses, payment of maturing debt obligations and, from time to time, redemption or repurchase of outstanding debt or equity securities. it is anticipated that these requirements will be satisfied through a combination of cash flows from operations, short- and long-term borrowings, the issuance, from time to time, of short- and long-term debt and equity securities and proceeds from the sale of differential membership interests and of noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries associated with nep, consistent with nee's and fpl's objective of maintaining, on a long-term basis, a capital structure that will support a strong investment grade credit rating. in 2013, nee entered into a confirmation of forward sale transaction to issue 6.6 million shares to a forward counterparty, on a settlement date or dates to be specified at nee's direction, which settlement occurred on december 22, 2014. see note 10 - issuance of common stock and forward sale agreement. nee, fpl and neech rely on access to credit and capital markets as significant sources of liquidity for capital requirements and other operations that are not satisfied by operating cash flows. the inability of nee, fpl and neech to maintain their current credit ratings could affect their ability to raise short- and long-term capital, their cost of capital and the execution of their respective financing strategies, and could require the posting of additional collateral under certain agreements.
cash flows nee's increase in cash flows from operating activities for 2014 reflects operating cash generated from additional wind and solar facilities that were placed in service during or after 2013. fpl's cash flows from operating activities remained essentially flat in 2014.
nee's and fpl's increase in cash flows from operating activities for 2013 reflect an increase in retail base rates and charges associated with fpl's 2012 rate agreement and, for nee, also reflects operating cash generated from approximately 1,500 mw of neer wind projects placed in service in 2012, primarily in the fourth quarter.
sources and uses of nee's and fpl's cash for 2014, 2013 and 2012 were as follows:
sources of cash:
cash flows from operating activities                                                          $5,500                $5,102                $3,992            $3,454                $3,558                $2,823
change in loan proceeds restricted for construction                                                -                   228                   314            -                     -                     -
proceeds from sale of differential membership interests, net of payments                         907                   385                   669            -                     -                     -
sale of independent power and other investments                                                  307                   165                     -            -                     -                     -
capital contributions from nee                                                                     -                     -                     -                  100                   275        440
cash grants under the recovery act                                                               343                   165                   196            -                     -                     -
issuances of common stock - net                                                                  633                   842                   405            -                     -                     -
proceeds from sale of noncontrolling interest in subsidiaries                                    438                     -                     -            -                     -                     -
total sources of cash                                                                         13,633                11,324                12,408            5,489                 4,459                 4,627
uses of cash:
capital expenditures, independent power and other investments and nuclear fuel purchases      (7,017    )           (6,682    )           (9,461    )       (3,241      )         (2,903      )         (4,285      )
retirements of long-term debt                                                                 (4,750    )           (2,396    )           (1,612    )       (355        )         (453        )         (50         )
repurchases of common stock                                                                        -                     -                   (19    )       -                     -                     -
total uses of cash                                                                           (13,494    )          (11,215    )          (12,456    )       (5,494      )         (4,480      )         (4,623      )
nee's primary capital requirements are for expanding and enhancing fpl's electric system and generating facilities to continue to provide reliable service to meet customer electricity demands and for funding neer's investments in independent power and other projects. the following table provides a summary of the major capital investments for 2014, 2013 and 2012.
generation:
other, primarily change in accrued property additions and exclusion of afudc - equity                  (37    )               70                     1
total capital expenditures, independent power and other investments and nuclear fuel purchases      $7,017                $6,682                $9,461
liquidity at december 31, 2014, nee's total net available liquidity was approximately $7.0 billion, of which fpl's portion was approximately $2.1 billion. the table below provides the components of fpl's and neech's net available liquidity at december 31, 2014.
bank revolving line of credit facilities(a)      $3,000              $4,850                $7,850             (b)              (b)
less letters of credit                               (3   )            (843     )            (846   )
letter of credit facilities(c)                        -                 650                   650                        2017
less letters of credit                                -                (313     )            (313   )
(a)   provide for the funding of loans up to $7,850 million ($3,000 million for fpl) and the issuance of letters of credit up to $6,600 million ($2,500 million for fpl). the entire amount of the credit facilities is available for general corporate purposes and to provide additional liquidity in the event of a loss to the companies' or their subsidiaries' operating facilities (including, in the case of fpl, a transmission and distribution property loss). fpl's bank revolving line of credit facilities are also available to support the purchase of $633 million of pollution control, solid waste disposal and industrial development revenue bonds (tax exempt bonds) in the event they are tendered by individual bond holders and not remarketed prior to maturity.
(b)   $500 million of fpl's and $750 million of neech's bank revolving line of credit facilities expire in 2016, essentially all of the remaining facilities at each of fpl and neech expire in 2020.
(c)   only available for the issuance of letters of credit.
as of february 20, 2015, 68 banks participate in fpl's and neech's revolving credit facilities, with no one bank providing more than 6% of the combined revolving credit facilities. european banks provide approximately 32% of the combined revolving credit facilities. pursuant to a 1998 guarantee agreement, nee guarantees the payment of neech's debt obligations under the revolving credit facilities. in order for fpl or neech to borrow or to have letters of credit issued under the terms of their respective revolving credit facilities, fpl, in the case of fpl, and nee, in the case of neech, are required, among other things, to maintain a ratio of funded debt to total capitalization that does not exceed a stated ratio. the fpl and neech revolving credit facilities also contain default and related acceleration provisions relating to, among other things, failure of fpl and nee, as the case may be, to maintain the respective ratio of funded debt to total capitalization at or below the specified ratio. at december 31, 2014, each of nee and fpl was in compliance with its required ratio.
additionally, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of neer has four variable rate canadian revolving credit agreements with a capacity totaling c$1,000 million and expiration dates ranging from march 2015 to 2016. these facilities are available for general corporate purposes; however, the current intent is to use these facilities for the purchase, development, construction and/or operation of canadian renewable generating assets. in order to borrow or issue letters of credit under the terms of these agreements, among other things, nee is required to maintain a ratio of funded debt to total capitalization that does not exceed a stated ratio. these agreements also contain certain covenants and default and related acceleration provisions relating to, among other things, failure of nee to maintain a ratio of funded debt to total capitalization at or below the specified ratio. the payment obligations under these agreements are ultimately guaranteed by nee. as of december 31, 2014, approximately $157 million of capacity remained available under these revolving credit agreements.
also, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of neer, has a $425 million limited-recourse variable rate construction and term loan facility maturing in 2035 and a $154 million variable rate cash grant bridge loan facility maturing in 2017. proceeds from the borrowings under the construction and term loan facility and the cash grant bridge loan facility (cash grant loans) are available to fund a portion of the costs associated with the construction and development of a 250 mw solar pv project in california, which is expected to be completed by the end of 2016. the financing documents relating to the facilities contain default and related acceleration provisions relating to, among other things, the failure to make required payments or to observe other covenants in the financing documents (including a requirement that the solar pv project must be completed by a certain date). the payment obligations under the cash grant loans are guaranteed by neech, which are in turn guaranteed by nee. pursuant to the neech guarantee, if neech's senior unsecured debt rating falls below a specified threshold, the guaranty shall be replaced by an acceptable guarantee of another
person, an acceptable letter of credit, or cash. as of december 31, 2014, $425 million of the construction and term loan facility and approximately $29 million of the cash grant bridge loan facility remained available.
also, nep opco and nep opco's direct subsidiaries (loan parties) entered into a $250 million variable rate, senior secured revolving credit facility that expires in 2019. the revolving credit facility includes borrowing capacity for letters of credit and incremental commitments to increase the revolving credit facility to up to $1 billion in the aggregate, subject to certain conditions. borrowings under the revolving credit facility can be used by the loan parties to fund working capital and expansion projects, to make acquisitions and for general business purposes. the financing documents related to the revolving credit facility contain default and related acceleration provisions relating to the failure to make required payments or to observe other covenants in the revolving credit facility and related documents. additionally, nep opco and one of its direct subsidiaries are required to comply with certain financial covenants on a quarterly basis and nep opco's ability to pay cash distributions is subject to certain other restrictions. all borrowings under the revolving credit facility are guaranteed by nep opco and nep, and must be repaid by the end of the revolving credit term. as of december 31, 2014, there were no amounts drawn under the revolving credit facility.
storm restoration costs as of december 31, 2014, fpl had the capacity to absorb up to approximately $122 million in future prudently incurred storm restoration costs without seeking recovery through a rate adjustment from the fpsc or filing a petition with the fpsc. see note 1 - revenue and rates.
dodd-frank act the dodd-frank act, enacted into law in july 2010, provides for, among other things, substantially increased regulation of the otc derivatives and futures contract markets. the dodd-frank act includes provisions that require certain otc derivatives, or swaps, to be centrally cleared and executed through an exchange or other approved trading platform. while the legislation is broad and detailed, there are still portions of the legislation that either require implementing rules to be adopted by federal governmental agencies including, but not limited to, the sec and the cftc or otherwise require further interpretive guidance from federal government agencies. nee and fpl continue to monitor the development of rules related to the dodd-frank act and have taken steps to comply with those rules that affect their businesses. a number of rules have been finalized and are effective, including the swap reporting and recordkeeping obligations applicable to derivative end users such as nee and fpl. the implementation of these rules has not had a material effect on nee and fpl; however, the rules have added and are expected to add more cost and compliance risks related to hedging activities. one set of rules that has been proposed, but not yet adopted, relates to mandatory margin for otc derivatives. in addition to the u.s. proposals under the dodd-frank act, european regulators have proposed similar rules that could impact trading between european dealers and u.s. counterparties. if these or similar rules, when finalized, require nee and fpl to post significant amounts of cash collateral with respect to swap transactions, nee's and fpl's liquidity could be materially adversely affected.
nee and fpl cannot predict the impact these proposed rules will have on their ability to hedge their commodity and interest rate risks or on otc derivatives markets as a whole, but management believes that they could potentially have a material adverse effect on nee's and fpl's risk exposure, as well as reduce market liquidity and further increase the cost of hedging activities.
capital support letters of credit, surety bonds and guarantees certain subsidiaries of nee, including fpl, obtain letters of credit and surety bonds and issue guarantees to facilitate commercial transactions with third parties and financings. letters of credit, surety bonds and guarantees support, among other things, the buying and selling of wholesale energy commodities, debt and related reserves, capital expenditures for neer's wind and solar development, nuclear activities and other contractual agreements. substantially all of nee's and fpl's guarantee arrangements are on behalf of their consolidated subsidiaries for their related payment obligations.
in addition, as part of contract negotiations in the normal course of business, nee and certain of its subsidiaries, including fpl, may agree to make payments to compensate or indemnify other parties for possible future unfavorable financial consequences resulting from specified events. the specified events may include, but are not limited to, an adverse judgment in a lawsuit, the imposition of additional taxes due to a change in tax law or interpretations of the tax law or the non-receipt of renewable tax credits or proceeds from cash grants under the recovery act. nee and fpl are unable to develop an estimate of the maximum potential amount of future payments under some of these contracts because events that would obligate them to make payments have not yet occurred or, if any such event has occurred, they have not been notified of its occurrence.
in addition, nee has guaranteed certain payment obligations of neech, including most of its debt and all of its debentures and commercial paper issuances, as well as most of its payment guarantees and indemnifications, and neech has guaranteed certain debt and other obligations of neer and its subsidiaries.
at december 31, 2014, nee had approximately $1.3 billion of standby letters of credit ($3 million for fpl), approximately $203 million of surety bonds ($30 million for fpl) and approximately $11.2 billion notional amount of guarantees and indemnifications
($25 million for fpl), of which approximately $7.0 billion of letters of credit, guarantees and indemnifications ($6 million for fpl) have expiration dates within the next five years.
each of nee and fpl believe it is unlikely that it would incur any liabilities associated with these letters of credit, surety bonds, guarantees and indemnifications. accordingly, at december 31, 2014, nee and fpl did not have any liabilities recorded for these letters of credit, surety bonds, guarantees and indemnifications.
shelf registration in august 2012, nee, neech and fpl filed a shelf registration statement with the sec for an unspecified amount of securities which became effective upon filing. the amount of securities issuable by the companies is established from time to time by their respective boards of directors. as of february 20, 2015, securities that may be issued under the registration statement include, depending on the registrant, senior debt securities, subordinated debt securities, junior subordinated debentures, first mortgage bonds, common stock, preferred stock, stock purchase contracts, stock purchase units, warrants and guarantees related to certain of those securities. as of february 20, 2015, the board-authorized capacity available to issue securities was approximately $6.5 billion for nee and neech (issuable by either or both of them up to such aggregate amount) and $2.5 billion for fpl.
contractual obligations and estimated capital expenditures nee's and fpl's commitments at december 31, 2014 were as follows:
elimination of fpl's purchase obligations to neech(f)           -                   -                 (59   )             (87   )             (84   )          (1,327     )              (1,557   )
(b)   includes $633 million of tax exempt bonds that permit individual bond holders to tender the bonds for purchase at any time prior to maturity. in the event bonds are tendered for purchase, they would be remarketed by a designated remarketing agent in accordance with the related indenture. if the remarketing is unsuccessful, fpl would be required to purchase the tax exempt bonds. as of december 31, 2014, all tax exempt bonds tendered for purchase have been successfully remarketed. fpl's bank revolving line of credit facilities are available to support the purchase of tax exempt bonds.
(c)   represents required capacity and minimum charges under long-term purchased power and fuel contracts (see note 13 - contracts), and projected capital expenditures through 2019 (see note 13 - commitments).
(d)   represents firm commitments primarily in connection with construction and development activities and fuel-related contracts. see note 13 - commitments and - contracts.
(e)   represents firm commitments primarily related to construction of natural gas pipelines. see note 13 - contracts.
(h)   at december 31, 2014, fpl had approximately $3,449 million in restricted funds for the payment of future expenditures to decommission fpl's nuclear units, which are included in nee's and fpl's special use funds. see note 12.
(i)   at december 31, 2014, neer's 88.23% portion of seabrook's and 70% portion of duane arnold's and its point beach's restricted funds for the payment of future expenditures to decommission its nuclear units totaled approximately $1,642 million and are included in nee's special use funds. see note 12.
(j)   represents estimated cash distributions related to differential membership interests and payments related to the acquisition of certain development rights. for further discussion of differential membership interests, see note 1 - sale of differential membership interests.
credit ratings nee's and fpl's liquidity, ability to access credit and capital markets, cost of borrowings and collateral posting requirements under certain agreements are dependent on their credit ratings. at february 20, 2015, moody's investors service, inc. (moody's), standard & poor's ratings services (s&p) and fitch ratings (fitch) had assigned the following credit ratings to nee, fpl and neech:
pollution control, solid waste disposal and industrial development revenue bonds   vmig-1       a            a+
(a)   a security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and should be evaluated independently of any other rating. the rating is subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization.
(b)   the outlook indicated by each of moody's, s&amp;p and fitch is stable.
nee and its subsidiaries, including fpl, have no credit rating downgrade triggers that would accelerate the maturity dates of outstanding debt. a change in ratings is not an event of default under applicable debt instruments, and while there are conditions to drawing on the credit facilities noted above, the maintenance of a specific minimum credit rating is not a condition to drawing on these credit facilities.
commitment fees and interest rates on loans under these credit facilities' agreements are tied to credit ratings. a ratings downgrade also could reduce the accessibility and increase the cost of commercial paper and other short-term debt issuances and additional or replacement credit facilities. in addition, a ratings downgrade could result in, among other things, the requirement that nee subsidiaries, including fpl, post collateral under certain agreements, including, but not limited to, those related to fuel procurement, power sales and purchases, nuclear decommissioning funding, debt-related reserves and trading activities. fpl's and neech's credit facilities are available to support these potential requirements.
covenants nee's charter does not limit the dividends that may be paid on its common stock. as a practical matter, the ability of nee to pay dividends on its common stock is dependent upon, among other things, dividends paid to it by its subsidiaries. for example, fpl pays dividends to nee in a manner consistent with fpl's long-term targeted capital structure. however, the mortgage securing fpl's first mortgage bonds contains provisions which, under certain conditions, restrict the payment of dividends to nee and the issuance of additional first mortgage bonds. additionally, in some circumstances, the mortgage restricts the amount of retained earnings that fpl can use to pay cash dividends on its common stock. the restricted amount may change based on factors set out in the mortgage. other than this restriction on the payment of common stock dividends, the mortgage does not restrict fpl's use of retained earnings. as of december 31, 2014, no retained earnings were restricted by these provisions of the mortgage and, in light of fpl's current financial condition and level of earnings, management does not expect that planned financing activities or dividends would be affected by these limitations.
fpl may issue first mortgage bonds under its mortgage subject to its meeting an adjusted net earnings test set forth in the mortgage, which generally requires adjusted net earnings to be at least twice the annual interest requirements on, or at least 10% of the aggregate principal amount of, fpl's first mortgage bonds including those to be issued and any other non-junior fpl indebtedness. as of december 31, 2014, coverage for the 12 months ended december 31, 2014 would have been approximately 7.2 times the annual interest requirements and approximately 3.6 times the aggregate principal requirements. new first mortgage bonds are also limited to an amount equal to the sum of 60% of unfunded property additions after adjustments to offset property retirements, the amount of retired first mortgage bonds or qualified lien bonds and the amount of cash on deposit with the mortgage trustee. as of december 31, 2014, fpl could have issued in excess of $10.7 billion of additional first mortgage bonds based on the unfunded property additions and in excess of $5.8 billion based on retired first mortgage bonds. as of december 31, 2014, no cash was deposited with the mortgage trustee for these purposes.
in september 2006, nee and neech executed a replacement capital covenant (september 2006 rcc) in connection with neech's offering of $350 million principal amount of series b enhanced junior subordinated debentures due 2066 (series b junior
subordinated debentures). the september 2006 rcc is for the benefit of persons that buy, hold or sell a specified series of long‐term indebtedness (covered debt) of neech (other than the series b junior subordinated debentures) or, in certain cases, of nee. fpl group capital trust i's 5 7/8% preferred trust securities have been initially designated as the covered debt under the september 2006 rcc. the september 2006 rcc provides that neech may redeem, and nee or neech may purchase, any series b junior subordinated debentures on or before october 1, 2036, only to the extent that the redemption or purchase price does not exceed a specified amount of proceeds from the sale of qualifying securities, subject to certain limitations described in the september 2006 rcc. qualifying securities are securities that have equity-like characteristics that are the same as, or more equity-like than, the series b junior subordinated debentures at the time of redemption or purchase, which are sold within 180 days prior to the date of the redemption or repurchase of the series b junior subordinated debentures.
in june 2007, nee and neech executed a replacement capital covenant (june 2007 rcc) in connection with neech's offering of $400 million principal amount of its series c junior subordinated debentures due 2067 (series c junior subordinated debentures). the june 2007 rcc is for the benefit of persons that buy, hold or sell a specified series of covered debt of neech (other than the series c junior subordinated debentures) or, in certain cases, of nee. fpl group capital trust i's 5 7/8% preferred trust securities have been initially designated as the covered debt under the june 2007 rcc. the june 2007 rcc provides that neech may redeem or purchase, or satisfy, discharge or defease (collectively, defease), and nee and any majority-owned subsidiary of nee or neech may purchase, any series c junior subordinated debentures on or before june 15, 2037, only to the extent that the principal amount defeased or the applicable redemption or purchase price does not exceed a specified amount raised from the issuance, during the 180 days prior to the date of that redemption, purchase or defeasance, of qualifying securities that have equity-like characteristics that are the same as, or more equity-like than, the applicable characteristics of the series c junior subordinated debentures at the time of redemption, purchase or defeasance, subject to certain limitations described in the june 2007 rcc.
in september 2007, nee and neech executed a replacement capital covenant (september 2007 rcc) in connection with neech's offering of $250 million principal amount of its series d junior subordinated debentures due 2067 (series d junior subordinated debentures). the september 2007 rcc is for the benefit of persons that buy, hold or sell a specified series of covered debt of neech (other than the series d junior subordinated debentures) or, in certain cases, of nee. fpl group capital trust i's 5 7/8% preferred trust securities have been initially designated as the covered debt under the september 2007 rcc. the september 2007 rcc provides that neech may redeem, purchase, or defease, and nee and any majority-owned subsidiary of nee or neech may purchase, any series d junior subordinated debentures on or before september 1, 2037, only to the extent that the principal amount defeased or the applicable redemption or purchase price does not exceed a specified amount raised from the issuance, during the 180 days prior to the date of that redemption, purchase or defeasance, of qualifying securities that have equity-like characteristics that are the same as, or more equity-like than, the applicable characteristics of the series d junior subordinated debentures at the time of redemption, purchase or defeasance, subject to certain limitations described in the september 2007 rcc.
new accounting rules and interpretations revenue recognition - in may 2014, the financial accounting standards board issued a new accounting standard related to the recognition of revenue from contracts with customers and required disclosures. see note 1 - revenue and rates.
critical accounting policies and estimates nee's and fpl's significant accounting policies are described in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, which were prepared under gaap. critical accounting policies are those that nee and fpl believe are both most important to the portrayal of their financial condition and results of operations, and require complex, subjective judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates and assumptions about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. judgments and uncertainties affecting the application of those policies may result in materially different amounts being reported under different conditions or using different assumptions.
nee and fpl consider the following policies to be the most critical in understanding the judgments that are involved in preparing their consolidated financial statements:
accounting for derivatives and hedging activities nee and fpl use derivative instruments (primarily swaps, options, futures and forwards) to manage the commodity price risk inherent in the purchase and sale of fuel and electricity, as well as interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate risk associated with outstanding and forecasted debt issuances. in addition, nee, through neer, uses derivatives to optimize the value of power generation and gas infrastructure assets and engages in power and gas marketing and trading activities to take advantage of expected future favorable price movements.
nature of accounting estimates accounting pronouncements require the use of fair value accounting if certain conditions are met, which requires significant judgment to measure the fair value of assets and liabilities. this applies not only to traditional financial derivative instruments, but to any contract having the accounting characteristics of a derivative. much of the existing accounting guidance related to derivatives focuses on when certain contracts for the purchase and sale of power and certain fuel supply contracts can be excluded from derivative accounting rules, however the guidance does not address all contract issues. as a result, significant judgment must be used in applying derivatives accounting guidance to contracts. in the event changes in interpretation occur, it is possible that contracts that currently are excluded from derivatives accounting rules would have to be recorded on the balance sheet at fair value, with changes in the fair value recorded in the statement of income.
assumptions and accounting approach nee's and fpl's derivative instruments, when required to be marked to market, are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value. fair values for some of the longer-term contracts where liquid markets are not available are derived through internally developed models which estimate the fair value of a contract by calculating the present value of the difference between the contract price and the forward prices. forward prices represent the price at which a buyer or seller could contract today to purchase or sell a commodity at a future date. the near-term forward market for electricity is generally liquid and therefore the prices in the early years of the forward curves reflect observable market quotes. however, in the later years, the market is much less liquid and forward price curves must be developed using factors including the forward prices for the commodities used as fuel to generate electricity, the expected system heat rate (which measures the efficiency of power plants in converting fuel to electricity) in the region where the purchase or sale takes place, and a fundamental forecast of expected spot prices based on modeled supply and demand in the region. nee estimates the fair value of interest rate and foreign currency derivatives using a discounted cash flows valuation technique based on the net amount of estimated future cash inflows and outflows related to the derivative agreements. the assumptions in these models are critical since any changes therein could have a significant impact on the fair value of the derivative.
at fpl, substantially all changes in the fair value of energy derivative transactions are deferred as a regulatory asset or liability until the contracts are settled, and, upon settlement, any gains or losses are passed through the fuel clause. see note 3.
in nee's non-rate regulated operations, predominantly neer, essentially all changes in the derivatives' fair value for power purchases and sales, fuel sales and trading activities are recognized on a net basis in operating revenues; fuel purchases used in the production of electricity are recognized in fuel, purchased power and interchange expense; and the equity method investees' related activity is recognized in equity in earnings of equity method investees in nee's consolidated statements of income.
for those transactions accounted for as cash flow hedges, much of the effects of changes in fair value are reflected in oci, a component of common shareholders' equity, rather than being recognized in current earnings. for those transactions accounted for as fair value hedges, the effects of changes in fair value are reflected in current earnings offset by changes in the fair value of the item being hedged.
certain hedging transactions at neer are entered into as economic hedges but the transactions do not meet the requirements for hedge accounting, hedge accounting treatment is not elected or hedge accounting has been discontinued. changes in the fair value of those transactions are marked to market and reported in the consolidated statements of income, resulting in earnings volatility. these changes in fair value are captured in the non-qualifying hedge category in computing adjusted earnings. this could be significant to neer's results because the economic offset to the positions are not marked to market. as a consequence, nee's net income reflects only the movement in one part of economically-linked transactions. for example, a gain (loss) in the non-qualifying hedge category for certain energy derivatives is offset by decreases (increases) in the fair value of related physical asset positions in the portfolio or contracts, which are not marked to market under gaap. for this reason, nee's management views results expressed excluding the unrealized mark-to-market impact of the non-qualifying hedges as a meaningful measure of current period performance. for additional information regarding derivative instruments, see note 3, overview and energy marketing and trading and market risk sensitivity.
accounting for pensions and other postretirement benefits nee sponsors a qualified noncontributory defined benefit pension plan for substantially all employees of nee and its subsidiaries. nee also has a supplemental executive retirement plan (serp) which includes a non-qualified supplemental defined benefit pension component that provides benefits to a select group of management and highly compensated employees. the impact of the serp component is included within the pension plan as discussed below. management believes that, based on actuarial assumptions and the well-funded status of the pension plan, nee will not be required to make any cash contributions to the qualified pension plan in the near future.
in addition to pension benefits, nee sponsors a contributory postretirement plan for health care and life insurance benefits (other benefits plan) for retirees of nee and its subsidiaries meeting certain eligibility requirements. the qualified pension plan has a fully funded trust dedicated to providing the benefits under the plan. the other benefits plan has a partially funded trust dedicated to providing benefits related to life insurance. nee allocates net periodic benefit income or cost associated with the pension and other benefits plans to its subsidiaries annually using specific criteria.
nature of accounting estimates for the pension plan, the benefit obligation is the actuarial present value as of the december 31 measurement date, of all benefits attributed by the pension benefit formula to employee service rendered to that date. the amount of benefit to be paid depends on a number of future events incorporated into the pension benefit formula, including estimates of the average life of employees/survivors and average years of service rendered. the projected benefit obligation is measured based on assumptions concerning future interest rates and future employee compensation levels. for the other benefits plan, the benefit obligation is the actuarial present value as of the december 31 measurement date of all future benefits attributed under the terms of the other benefits plan to employee service rendered to that date. nee derives pension income and the cost of the other benefits plan from actuarial calculations based on each plan's provisions and management's assumptions regarding discount rate, rate of increase in compensation levels and expected long-term rate of return on plan assets and, in the case of the other benefits plan, health care cost trend rates.
assumptions and accounting approach accounting guidance requires recognition of the funded status of benefit plans in the balance sheet, with changes in the funded status recognized in other comprehensive income within shareholders' equity in the year in which the changes occur. since nee is the plan sponsor, and its subsidiaries do not have separate rights to the plan assets or direct obligations to their employees, this accounting guidance is reflected at nee and not allocated to the subsidiaries. the portion of previously unrecognized actuarial gains and losses, prior service costs or credits and transition obligations that are estimated to be allocable to fpl as net periodic benefit (income) cost in future periods and that otherwise would be recorded in aoci are classified as regulatory assets and liabilities at nee in accordance with regulatory treatment.
pension income and the cost of the other benefits plan are included in o&m expenses, and are calculated using a number of actuarial assumptions. those assumptions for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 include:
•   an expected long-term rate of return on qualified plan assets of 7.75% for the pension plan and 7.25%, 7.75% and 8.00% for the other benefits plan, respectively,
•   assumed increases in salary of 4.00%, and
•   weighted-average discount rates of 4.80%, 4.00% and 4.65% for the pension plan and 4.60%, 3.75% and 4.53% for the other benefits plan, respectively.
in developing these assumptions, nee evaluated input, including other qualitative and quantitative factors, from its actuaries and consultants, as well as information available in the marketplace. in addition, for the expected long-term rate of return on fund assets, nee considered different models, capital market return assumptions and historical returns for a portfolio with an equity/bond asset mix similar to its funds, as well as its funds' historical compounded returns. nee believes that 7.75% and 7.25% are reasonable long-term rates of return on its pension plan and other benefits plan assets. nee will continue to evaluate all of its actuarial assumptions, including its expected rate of return, at least annually, and will adjust them as necessary.
nee utilizes in its determination of pension and other benefits plan expense or income a market-related valuation of plan assets. this market-related valuation reduces year-to-year volatility and recognizes investment gains or losses over a five-year period following the year in which they occur. investment gains or losses for this purpose are the difference between the expected return calculated using the market-related value of plan assets and the actual return realized on those plan assets. since the market-related value of plan assets recognizes gains or losses over a five-year period, the future value of plan assets will be affected as previously deferred gains or losses are recognized. such gains and losses together with other differences between actual results and the estimates used in the actuarial valuations are deferred and recognized in determining pension income and other benefits plan expense only to the extent they exceed 10% of the greater of projected benefit obligations or the market-related value of plan assets.
the following table illustrates the effect on net periodic benefit income of changing the critical actuarial assumptions discussed above, while holding all other assumptions constant:
increase (decrease) in 2014net periodic benefit income change inassumption   nee                                     fpl
expected long-term rate of return                (0.5)%   $(17                )                   $(11                )
nee also utilizes actuarial assumptions about mortality to help estimate obligations of both the pension and other benefits plans. in 2014, the society of actuaries released revised mortality tables and mortality improvement scales, which nee adopted effective
december 31, 2014. the adoption of the new mortality tables and mortality improvement scales did not have a material impact on the pension and other benefits plans' obligations.
carrying value of long-lived assets nee evaluates long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.
nature of accounting estimates the amount of future net cash flows, the timing of the cash flows and the determination of an appropriate interest rate all involve estimates and judgments about future events. in particular, the aggregate amount of cash flows determines whether an impairment exists, and the timing of the cash flows is critical in determining fair value. because each assessment is based on the facts and circumstances associated with each long-lived asset, the effects of changes in assumptions cannot be generalized.
assumptions and accounting approach an impairment loss is required to be recognized if the carrying value of the asset exceeds the undiscounted future net cash flows associated with that asset. the impairment loss to be recognized is the amount by which the carrying value of the long-lived asset exceeds the asset's fair value. in most instances, the fair value is determined by discounting estimated future cash flows using an appropriate interest rate. see note 4 - nonrecurring fair value measurements.
decommissioning and dismantlement the components of nee's and fpl's decommissioning of nuclear plants, dismantlement of plants and other accrued asset removal costs are as follows:
less capitalized aro asset net of accumulated depreciation                     -                       -                             (18     )               (19     )         -                           -                          -                 -                       (18   )             (19   )
(c)   represents total amount accrued for ratemaking purposes.
nature of accounting estimates the calculation of the future cost of retiring long-lived assets, including nuclear decommissioning and plant dismantlement costs, involves estimating the amount and timing of future expenditures and making judgments concerning whether or not such costs are considered a legal obligation. estimating the amount and timing of future expenditures includes, among other things, making projections of when assets will be retired and ultimately decommissioned and how costs will escalate with inflation. in addition, nee and fpl also make interest rate and rate of return projections on their investments in determining recommended funding requirements for nuclear decommissioning costs. periodically, nee and fpl are required to update these estimates and projections which can affect the annual expense amounts recognized, the liabilities recorded and the annual funding requirements for nuclear decommissioning costs. for example, an increase of 0.25% in the assumed escalation rates would increase nee's and fpl's asset retirement obligations and conditional asset retirement obligations (collectively, aros) as of december 31, 2014 by $125 million and $103 million, respectively.
assumptions and accounting approach nee and fpl each account for aros under accounting guidance that requires a liability for the fair value of an aro to be recognized in the period in which it is incurred if it can be reasonably estimated, with the offsetting associated asset retirement costs capitalized as part of the carrying amount of the long-lived assets.
fpl - for ratemaking purposes, fpl accrues and funds for nuclear plant decommissioning costs over the expected service life of each unit based on studies that are filed with the fpsc. the studies reflect, among other things, the expiration dates of the operating licenses for fpl's nuclear units. the most recent studies, filed in 2010, indicate that fpl's portion of the future cost of decommissioning its four nuclear units, including spent fuel storage above what is expected to be refunded by the doe under the spent fuel settlement agreement, is approximately $6.2 billion, or $2.6 billion expressed in 2014 dollars.
fpl accrues the cost of dismantling its fossil and solar plants over the expected service life of each unit based on studies filed with the fpsc. unlike nuclear decommissioning, dismantlement costs are not funded. the most recent studies became effective january 1, 2010. at december 31, 2014, fpl's portion of the ultimate cost to dismantle its fossil and solar units is approximately $746 million, or $385 million expressed in 2014 dollars. the majority of the dismantlement costs are not considered aros. fpl accrues for interim removal costs over the life of the related assets based on depreciation studies approved by the fpsc. any differences between the aro amount recorded and the amount recorded for ratemaking purposes are reported as a regulatory liability in accordance with regulatory accounting.
neer - neer records a liability for the present value of its expected decommissioning costs which is determined using various internal and external data and applying a probability percentage to a variety of scenarios regarding the life of the plant and timing of decommissioning. the liability is being accreted using the interest method through the date decommissioning activities are expected to be complete. at december 31, 2014, the aro for nuclear decommissioning of neer's nuclear plants totaled approximately $462 million. neer's portion of the ultimate cost of decommissioning its nuclear plants, including costs associated with spent fuel storage above what is expected to be refunded by the doe under the spent fuel settlement agreement, is estimated to be approximately $11.9 billion, or $2.0 billion expressed in 2014 dollars.
see note 1 - asset retirement obligations and - decommissioning of nuclear plants, dismantlement of plants and other accrued asset removal costs and note 12.
securitized storm-recovery costs                                 $294                $372                $294                $372
nature of accounting estimates regulatory assets and liabilities represent probable future revenues that will be recovered from or refunded to customers through the ratemaking process. regulatory assets and liabilities are included in rate base or otherwise earn (pay) a return on investment during the recovery period.
assumptions and accounting approach accounting guidance allows regulators to create assets and impose liabilities that would not be recorded by non-rate regulated entities. if nee's rate-regulated entities, primarily fpl, were no longer subject to cost-based rate regulation, the existing regulatory assets and liabilities would be written off unless regulators specify an alternative means of recovery or refund. in addition, the regulators, including the fpsc for fpl, have the authority to disallow recovery of costs that it considers excessive or imprudently incurred. such costs may include, among others, fuel and o&m expenses, the cost of replacing power lost when fossil and nuclear units are unavailable, storm restoration costs and costs associated with the construction or acquisition of new facilities. the continued applicability of regulatory accounting is assessed at each reporting period.
energy marketing and trading and market risk sensitivity nee and fpl are exposed to risks associated with adverse changes in commodity prices, interest rates and equity prices. financial instruments and positions affecting the financial statements of nee and fpl described below are held primarily for purposes other than trading. market risk is measured as the potential loss in fair value resulting from hypothetical reasonably possible changes in commodity prices, interest rates or equity prices over the next year. management has established risk management policies to monitor and manage such market risks, as well as credit risks.
commodity price risk nee and fpl use derivative instruments (primarily swaps, options, futures and forwards) to manage the commodity price risk inherent in the purchase and sale of fuel and electricity. in addition, nee, through neer, uses derivatives to optimize the value of power generation and gas infrastructure assets and engages in power and gas marketing and trading activities to take advantage of expected future favorable price movements. see critical accounting policies and estimates - accounting for derivatives and hedging activities and note 3.
during 2013 and 2014, the changes in the fair value of nee's consolidated subsidiaries' energy contract derivative instruments were as follows:
hedges on owned assets trading            non-qualifying        fpl costrecoveryclauses                 nee total
fair value of contracts outstanding at december 31, 2012                                $261                    $674               $(15                )                  $920
reclassification to realized at settlement of contracts                                  (35    )                (42      )        (20                 )                   (97     )
inception value of new contracts and contracts sold                                        3                       -               -                                         3
changes in fair value excluding reclassification to realized                             133                     (57      )   81                                           157
fair value of contracts outstanding at december 31, 2013                                 301                     563          46                                           910
reclassification to realized at settlement of contracts                                  (51    )                 58               (121                )                  (114     )
inception value of new contracts and contracts sold                                       (4    )                  -               -                                        (4     )
changes in fair value excluding reclassification to realized                             139                     275               (288                )                   126
fair value of contracts outstanding at december 31, 2014                                 320                     898               (363                )                   855
net margin cash collateral paid (received)                                                                                                                                (264     )
total mark-to-market energy contract net assets (liabilities) at december 31, 2014      $320                    $898               $(363               )                  $591
nee's total mark-to-market energy contract net assets (liabilities) at december 31, 2014 shown above are included on the consolidated balance sheets as follows:
nee's total mark-to-market energy contract net assets            $591
the sources of fair value estimates and maturity of energy contract derivative instruments at december 31, 2014 were as follows:
quoted prices in active markets for identical assets       $60               $(5   )       $-                $-                 $-           $-                        $55
quoted prices in active markets for identical assets        24                 1           -                 -                   1           -                          26
owned assets - fpl cost recovery clauses:
quoted prices in active markets for identical assets         -                 -           -                 -                   -           -                           -
total sources of fair value                                $42              $257           $178              $81               $70           $227                     $855
with respect to commodities, nee's exposure management committee (emc), which is comprised of certain members of senior management, and nee's chief executive officer are responsible for the overall approval of market risk management policies and the delegation of approval and authorization levels. the emc and nee's chief executive officer receive periodic updates on market positions and related exposures, credit exposures and overall risk management activities.
nee uses a value-at-risk (var) model to measure commodity price market risk in its trading and mark-to-market portfolios. the var is the estimated nominal loss of market value based on a one-day holding period at a 95% confidence level using historical simulation methodology. as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, the var figures are as follows:
trading                                                         non-qualifying hedgesand hedges in fpl cost recovery clauses(a)                                     total fpl                 neer            nee                     fpl           neer                                              nee         fpl           neer            nee
(a)   non-qualifying hedges are employed to reduce the market risk exposure to physical assets or contracts which are not marked to market. the var figures for the non-qualifying hedges and hedges in fpl cost recovery clauses category do not represent the economic exposure to commodity price movements.
interest rate risk nee's and fpl's financial results are exposed to risk resulting from changes in interest rates as a result of their respective issuances of debt, investments in special use funds and other investments. nee and fpl manage their respective interest rate exposure by monitoring current interest rates, entering into interest rate contracts and using a combination of fixed rate and variable rate debt. interest rate contracts are used to mitigate and adjust interest rate exposure when deemed appropriate based upon market conditions or when required by financing agreements.
the following are estimates of the fair value of nee's and fpl's financial instruments that are exposed to interest rate risk:
(a)   primarily estimated using quoted market prices for these or similar issues.
(b)   primarily estimated using a discounted cash flow valuation technique based on certain observable yield curves and indices considering the credit profile of the borrower.
(c)   estimated using either quoted market prices for the same or similar issues or discounted cash flow valuation technique, considering the current credit spread of the debtor.
(d)   modeled internally using discounted cash flow valuation technique and applying a credit valuation adjustment.
the special use funds of nee and fpl consist of restricted funds set aside to cover the cost of storm damage for fpl and for the decommissioning of nee's and fpl's nuclear power plants. a portion of these funds is invested in fixed income debt securities primarily carried at estimated fair value. at fpl, changes in fair value, including any otti losses, result in a corresponding adjustment to the related liability accounts based on current regulatory treatment. the changes in fair value of nee's non-rate regulated operations result in a corresponding adjustment to oci, except for impairments deemed to be other than temporary, including any credit losses, which are reported in current period earnings. because the funds set aside by fpl for storm damage could be needed at any time, the related investments are generally more liquid and, therefore, are less sensitive to changes in interest rates. the nuclear decommissioning funds, in contrast, are generally invested in longer-term securities, as decommissioning activities are not scheduled to begin until at least 2030 (2032 at fpl).
as of december 31, 2014, nee had interest rate contracts with a notional amount of approximately $7.4 billion related to long-term debt issuances, of which $2.4 billion are fair value hedges at neech that effectively convert fixed-rate debt to a variable-rate instrument. the remaining $5.0 billion of notional amount of interest rate contracts relate to cash flow hedges to manage exposure to the variability of cash flows associated with variable-rate debt instruments, which primarily relate to neer debt issuances. at december 31, 2014, the estimated fair value of nee's fair value hedges and cash flow hedges was approximately $30 million and $(246) million, respectively. see note 3.
based upon a hypothetical 10% decrease in interest rates, which is a reasonable near-term market change, the net fair value of nee's net liabilities would increase by approximately $913 million ($502 million for fpl) at december 31, 2014.
equity price risk nee and fpl are exposed to risk resulting from changes in prices for equity securities. for example, nee's nuclear decommissioning reserve funds include marketable equity securities primarily carried at their market value of approximately $2,634 million and $2,585 million ($1,561 million and $1,538 million for fpl) at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. at december 31, 2014, a hypothetical 10% decrease in the prices quoted by stock exchanges, which is a reasonable near-term market change, would result in a $249 million ($147 million for fpl) reduction in fair value. for fpl, a corresponding adjustment would be made to the related liability accounts based on current regulatory treatment, and for nee's non-rate regulated operations, a corresponding adjustment would be made to oci to the extent the market value of the securities exceeded amortized cost and to otti loss to the extent the market value is below amortized cost.
credit risk nee and its subsidiaries are also exposed to credit risk through their energy marketing and trading operations. credit risk is the risk that a financial loss will be incurred if a counterparty to a transaction does not fulfill its financial obligation. nee manages counterparty credit risk for its subsidiaries with energy marketing and trading operations through established policies, including counterparty credit limits, and in some cases credit enhancements, such as cash prepayments, letters of credit, cash and other collateral and guarantees.
credit risk is also managed through the use of master netting agreements. nee's credit department monitors current and forward credit exposure to counterparties and their affiliates, both on an individual and an aggregate basis. for all derivative and contractual transactions, nee's energy marketing and trading operations, which include fpl's energy marketing and trading division, are exposed to losses in the event of nonperformance by counterparties to these transactions. some relevant considerations when assessing nee's energy marketing and trading operations' credit risk exposure include the following:
•   trade receivables and other financial instruments are predominately with energy, utility and financial services related companies, as well as municipalities, cooperatives and other trading companies in the u.s.
•   overall credit risk is managed through established credit policies and is overseen by the emc.
•   prospective and existing customers are reviewed for creditworthiness based upon established standards, with customers not meeting minimum standards providing various credit enhancements or secured payment terms, such as letters of credit or the posting of margin cash collateral.
•   master netting agreements are used to offset cash and non-cash gains and losses arising from derivative instruments with the same counterparty. nee's policy is to have master netting agreements in place with significant counterparties.
based on nee's policies and risk exposures related to credit, nee and fpl do not anticipate a material adverse effect on their financial statements as a result of counterparty nonperformance. as of december 31, 2014, approximately 92% of nee's and 93% of fpl's energy marketing and trading counterparty credit risk exposure is associated with companies that have investment grade credit ratings.