item 1a.   risk factors
many of the factors that affect our business and operations involve risk and uncertainty. the factors described below are some of the risks that could materially negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our industry is cyclical and both recessions and prolonged periods of slow economic growth could have an adverse effect on our business.
demand for most of our products is cyclical in nature and sensitive to general economic conditions. our business supports cyclical industries such as the commercial construction, energy, metals service centers, appliance and automotive industries. as a result, downturns in the united states economy or any of these industries could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. five years removed from the worst recession the united states has experienced in decades, we have begun to see some improvement in general economic and manufacturing activity. however, the slow pace of recovery, coupled with ongoing uncertainties in europe and other regions of the world, continue to weigh on global and domestic growth. these situations continue to contribute to weaker end-markets and depressed demand, resulting in extraordinary volatility in our financial results.
although we experienced increased profitability in 2014 from the previous year, the economic outlook remains uncertain both in the united states and globally. while we believe that the long-term prospects for the steel industry remain bright, we are unable to predict the duration of the current economic conditions that are contributing to reduced demand for our products compared to pre-recession levels. future economic downturns or a prolonged slow-growth or stagnant economy could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
overcapacity in the global steel industry could increase the level of steel imports, which may negatively affect our business, results of operations and cash flows.
global steelmaking capacity exceeds global consumption of steel products. during periods of global economic weakness this overcapacity is amplified because of weaker global demand. this excess capacity often results in manufacturers in certain countries exporting significant amounts of steel and steel products at prices that are at or below their costs of production. in some countries the steel industry is subsidized or owned in whole or in part by the government, giving imported steel from those countries certain cost advantages. these imports, which are also affected by demand in the domestic market, international currency conversion rates and
domestic and international government actions, can result in downward pressure on steel prices, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. overcapacity has also led to greater protectionism as is evident in raw material and finished product border tariffs put in place by china, brazil and other countries.
in particular, steel production in china, the world’s largest producer and consumer of steel, continues to exceed chinese demand. this rising overcapacity in china has resulted in a further increase in imports of artificially low-priced steel and steel products to the united states and world steel markets. steel and steel products which would otherwise have been consumed by the local steel customers could then be displaced into global markets, putting our steel and steel products at a competitive disadvantage. a continuation of this unbalanced growth trend or a significant decrease in china’s rate of economic expansion could result in increasing steel exports from china.
producers in the world steel market could pursue additional export opportunities as a result of the current abundance of ocean freight capacity and lower fuel costs. however, the domestic steel market could experience a contraction in exports at the same time as imports grow due to weakening conditions in europe and policies of foreign governments that result in overvaluing the u.s. dollar against other foreign currencies. furthermore, the planned addition of new capacity in the united states could exacerbate the issue of overcapacity domestically as well as globally.
competition from other producers, imports or alternative materials may adversely affect our business.
we face strong competition from other steel producers and imports that compete with our products on price and service. the steel markets are highly competitive and a number of firms, domestic and foreign, participate in the steel and raw materials markets. depending on a variety of factors, including raw materials cost and availability, energy, technology, labor and capital costs, government control of currency exchange rates and government subsidies of foreign steel producers, our business may be materially adversely affected by competitive forces.
in many applications, steel competes with other materials, such as concrete, aluminum, composites, plastic and wood. increased use of these materials in substitution for steel products could have a material adverse effect on prices and demand for our steel products.
since 2011, automobile producers have begun taking steps towards complying with new corporate average fuel economy mileage requirements for new cars and light trucks that they produce. as automobile producers work to produce vehicles in compliance with these new standards, they may reduce the amount of steel or begin utilizing alternative materials in cars and trucks to improve fuel economy, thereby reducing demand for steel and resulting in further over-supply of steel in north america. certain automakers have begun to use greater amounts of aluminum and smaller proportions of steel in some 2015 and 2016 models.
the results of our operations are sensitive to volatility in steel prices and the cost of raw materials, particularly scrap steel.
we rely to an extent on outside vendors to supply us with raw materials, including both scrap and scrap substitutes that are critical to the manufacture of our products. although we have further vertically integrated our business by constructing our dri facilities in trinidad and louisiana and also acquiring djj, we still must purchase most of our primary raw material, steel scrap, from numerous other sources located throughout the united states. although we believe that the supply of scrap and scrap substitutes is adequate to operate our facilities, prices of these critical raw materials are volatile and are influenced by changes in scrap exports in response to changes in the scrap demands of our global competitors. at any given time, we may be unable to obtain an adequate supply of these critical raw materials with price and other terms acceptable to us. the availability and prices of raw materials may also be negatively affected by new laws and regulations, allocation by suppliers, interruptions in production, accidents or natural disasters, changes in exchange rates, worldwide price fluctuations, and the availability and cost of transportation. many countries that export steel into our
markets restrict the export of scrap, protecting the supply chain of some foreign competitors. this trade practice creates an artificial competitive advantage for foreign producers that could limit our ability to compete in the u.s. market.
if our suppliers increase the prices of our critical raw materials, we may not have alternative sources of supply. in addition, to the extent that we have quoted prices to our customers and accepted customer orders for our products prior to purchasing necessary raw materials, we may be unable to raise the price of our products to cover all or part of the increased cost of the raw materials. also, if we are unable to obtain adequate and timely deliveries of our required raw materials, we may be unable to timely manufacture sufficient quantities of our products. this could cause us to lose sales, incur additional costs and suffer harm to our reputation.
changes in the availability and cost of electricity and natural gas are subject to volatile market conditions that could adversely affect our business.
our steel mills are large consumers of electricity and natural gas. in addition, our dri facilities are also large consumers of natural gas. we rely upon third parties for our supply of energy resources consumed in the manufacture of our products. the prices for and availability of electricity, natural gas, oil and other energy resources are subject to volatile market conditions. these market conditions often are affected by weather, political and economic factors beyond our control, and we may be unable to raise the price of our products to cover increased energy costs. disruptions in the supply of our energy resources could temporarily impair our ability to manufacture our products for our customers. increases in our energy costs resulting from regulations that are not equally applicable across the entire global steel market could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
the financial performance and condition of our natural gas working interest drilling programs are substantially dependent on the prevailing prices of natural gas and liquids. fluctuations in natural gas or liquids prices could have an adverse effect on the company’s natural gas operations and financial condition and the value and recovery of its reserves in the working interest drilling programs. prices for natural gas and liquids fluctuate in response to changes in the supply and demand for natural gas and oil, market uncertainty and a variety of additional factors beyond the company’s control. a substantial or extended decline in the price of natural gas could result in further delay or cancellation of existing or future drilling programs or curtailment in production at some properties, all of which could have an adverse effect on the company’s revenues, profitability and cash flows.
our steelmaking processes, dri processes, and the manufacturing processes of many of our suppliers, customers and competitors are energy intensive and generate carbon dioxide and other ghgs. the regulation of these ghgs through new regulations or legislation in an onerous form could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
carbon is an essential raw material in nucor’s production processes. as a carbon steel producer, nucor will be increasingly affected both directly and indirectly if ghg regulations are further implemented. because our operations are subject to most of these new ghg regulations, we have already begun to feel the impact in the permit modification and reporting processes. both ghg regulations and recently promulgated national ambient air quality standards (“naaqs”), which are more restrictive than previous standards, make it significantly more difficult to obtain new permits and to modify existing permits.
these same regulations have indirectly increased the costs to manufacture our products as they have and continue to increase the cost of energy, primarily electricity, which we use extensively in the steelmaking process. the discovery of new natural gas reserves utilizing the practice of horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracturing is dampening some of this indirect impact, as some utilities switch fuels to natural gas from coal
thereby reducing their emissions significantly. however, because some generating facilities when faced with new regulations are idling facilities instead of converting to natural gas, the resulting reduction in capacity can and will create further pressure on electrical energy prices. to the extent that these regulations cause either directly or indirectly an increase in the cost of energy, they will have an impact on nucor’s ability to compete.
the usepa continues to press forward with new regulations that control ghg and other naaqs pollutants. court challenges regarding many of these regulations have diminished to some extent their impact on various operations. nucor operations have not, however, experienced any relief from these legal actions. further court challenges to some of the naaqs revisions may affect our operations, but the impact is likely to be minimal. because some foreign steel producers are not subject to these same indirect and direct regulatory burdens and their associated cost increases, our products could be at a further competitive disadvantage. in addition to increased costs of production, we could also incur costs to defend and resolve legal claims and other litigation related to new air and water quality regulations and the alleged impact of our operations on the environment.
environmental compliance and remediation could result in substantially increased costs and materially adversely impact our competitive position.
our operations are subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to protection of the environment, and we accordingly, make provision in our financial statements for the estimated costs of compliance. these laws are becoming increasingly stringent, resulting in inherent uncertainties in these estimates. to the extent that competitors, particularly foreign steel producers and manufacturers of competitive products, are not subject to similar regulation and required to incur equivalent costs, our competitive position could be materially adversely impacted. if one of our permits is revoked or if we were to experience significant delays in obtaining a permit modification or a new permit, this could result in operational delays at one or more of our facilities, causing a negative impact on our results of operations and cash flows.
federal and state legislation and regulatory initiatives relating to hydraulic fracturing could result in increased costs and additional operating restrictions or delays.
various legislative efforts, at all levels, are in process that are intended to further regulate the hydraulic fracturing process used by the oil and gas industry. hydraulic fracturing is an important and commonly used process in the completion of natural gas wells in shale and tight sand formations, including all of those in our natural gas working interest drilling programs. this process involves the injection of water, chemicals and, at times, sand under pressure into rock formations to stimulate the release of natural gas, oil and natural gas liquids. sponsors of these proposals and regulations have asserted that chemicals used in the fracturing process could adversely affect drinking water supplies and/or that hydraulic fracturing could pose a variety of other risks. the practitioners of fracking are adamant that these claims are false and to date the usepa has not attempted to further regulate the practice. any onerous governmental regulations could lead to operational delays, increased operating costs that could make it more difficult to perform hydraulic fracturing and possibly even the cessation of drilling.
we acquire businesses from time to time and we may encounter difficulties in integrating businesses we acquire.
we plan to continue to seek attractive opportunities to acquire businesses, enter into joint ventures and make other investments that strengthen nucor. realizing the anticipated benefits of acquisitions or other transactions will depend on our ability to operate these businesses and integrate them with our operations and to cooperate with our strategic partners. our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be materially adversely affected if we are unable to successfully integrate these businesses.
our operations are subject to business interruptions and casualty losses.
the steelmaking business is subject to numerous inherent risks, particularly unplanned events such as explosions, fires, other accidents, natural disasters such as floods or earthquakes, unplanned critical equipment failures, acts of terrorism, inclement weather and transportation interruptions. while our insurance coverage could offset losses relating to some of those types of events, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely impacted to the extent any such losses are not covered by our insurance.
we are subject to information technology and cyber security threats which could have an adverse effect on our business.
we utilize various information technology systems to efficiently address business functions ranging from the operation of our production equipment to administrative computation to the storage of data such as intellectual property and proprietary business information. despite efforts to assure secure and uninterrupted operations, threats from increasingly sophisticated cyber-attacks or system failures could result in materially adverse operational disruptions or security breaches. while decentralization tends to compartmentalize exposure, these risks could result in disclosure or destruction of key proprietary information and reputational damage that could adversely affect our results of operations.
our business requires substantial capital investment and maintenance expenditures, and our capital resources may not be adequate to provide for all of our cash requirements.
our operations are capital intensive. for the five-year period ended december 31, 2014, our total capital expenditures, excluding acquisitions, were approximately $3.61 billion. our business also requires substantial expenditures for routine maintenance. although we expect requirements for our business needs, including the funding of capital expenditures, debt service for financings and any contingencies, will be financed by internally generated funds or from borrowings under our $1.5 billion unsecured revolving credit facility, we cannot assure you that this will be the case. additional acquisitions or unforeseen events could require financing from additional sources.
risks associated with operating in international markets could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations.
certain of our businesses are located outside of the united states, in europe and in emerging markets. there are a number of risks inherent in doing business in such markets. these include but are not limited to: unfavorable political or economic factors; local labor and social issues; changes in regulatory requirements; fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; and complex foreign laws, treaties including tax laws and the united states foreign corrupt practices act of 1977. these risks could restrict our ability to operate our international businesses profitably and therefore have a negative impact on our financial position and results of operations. in addition, our reported results of operations and financial position could also be negatively affected by exchange rates when the activities and balances of our foreign operations are translated into u.s. dollars for financial reporting purposes.
the accounting treatment of equity method investments, goodwill and other long-lived assets could result in future asset impairments, which would reduce our earnings.
we periodically test our equity method investments, goodwill and other long-lived assets to determine whether their estimated fair value is less than their value recorded on our balance sheet. the results of this testing for potential impairment may be adversely affected by the continuing uncertain market conditions for the steel industry, as well as changes in interest rates and general economic conditions. if we determine that the fair value of any of these assets is less than the value recorded on our balance sheet, and in the case of equity method investments the decline is other than temporary, we would likely incur a non-cash impairment loss that would negatively impact our results of operations.
tax increases and changes in tax rules could adversely affect our financial results.
the steel industry and our business are sensitive to changes in taxes. as a company based in the u.s., nucor is more exposed to the effects of changes in u.s. tax laws than some of our major competitors. our provision for income taxes and cash tax liability in the future could be adversely affected by changes in u.s. tax laws. potential changes that would adversely affect us include, but are not limited to, current proposals for corporate tax reform which would lower tax rates and eliminate most tax deductions [repealing lifo (last-in, first-out treatment of inventory), accelerated depreciation, and the domestic production activity deduction] and decrease the ability of u.s. companies to receive a tax credit for foreign taxes paid or to defer the u.s. deduction of expenses in connection with investments made in other countries.
we are subject to legal proceedings and legal compliance risks.
we spend substantial resources ensuring that we comply with domestic and foreign regulations, contractual obligations and other legal standards. notwithstanding this, we are subject to a variety of legal proceedings and compliance risks in respect of various issues, including regulatory, safety, environmental, employment, transportation, intellectual property, contractual, import/export, international trade and governmental matters that arise in the course of our business and in our industry. for information regarding our current significant legal proceedings, see item 3. “legal proceedings.” a negative outcome in an unusual or significant legal proceeding or compliance investigation could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. while we believe that we have adopted appropriate risk management and compliance programs, the nature of our operations means that legal and compliance risks will continue to exist and additional legal proceedings and other contingencies, the outcome of which cannot be predicted with certainty, will arise from time to time.
item 7.   management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
information required by this item is incorporated by reference to nucor’s 2014 annual report, page 3 (forward-looking statements) and pages 22 through 39.