item 1a. risk factors the registrants face various risks associated with their businesses.  our businesses, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks.  in addition, this report also contains forward-looking and other statements about our businesses that are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties.  see "forward-looking information," "item 1. business," "item 7. combined management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" and note 13 to the financial statements for more information concerning the risks described below and for other risks, uncertainties and factors that could impact our businesses and financial results.
risks relating to our agreement to spin off ppl energy supply and form talen energy corporation the proposed spinoff of ppl energy supply and the combination with rjs power are contingent upon the satisfaction of a number of conditions and may present situations that could have an adverse effect on us.
the proposed spinoff of ppl energy supply and the subsequent combination with rjs power to form talen energy are complex transactions, subject to various conditions, and may be affected by unanticipated developments or changes in market conditions.  on november 5, 2014, talen energy filed a registration statement with the sec containing detailed information regarding talen energy.  completion of the proposed spinoff of ppl energy supply and subsequent combination with rjs power will be contingent upon a number of factors, including that (i) ppl receives a favorable legal opinion of tax counsel as described below; (ii) the sec declares effective talen energy's registration statement relating to registration of talen energy common stock and no sec stop order suspending effectiveness of the registration statement be in effect prior to the ppl energy supply spinoff; (iii) the talen energy common stock be authorized for listing on the new york stock exchange; (iv) certain regulatory approvals have been obtained, including approval by the nrc and the ferc, hart-scott-rodino clearance and certain approvals by the puc and (v)  there be, subject to certain conditions, at least $1 billion of undrawn credit capacity under a revolving credit facility or similar facility available to talen energy and its subsidiaries (for purposes of which any letters of credit or other credit support measures posted in connection with energy marketing and trading transactions then outstanding shall not be considered as drawn against such facility).  the spinoff and subsequent combination may be terminated by mutual written consent of the parties or subject to certain other circumstances, including the failure to complete these transactions by june 30, 2015 or, if the required regulatory approvals have not been obtained at such time but the other conditions to the consummation of these transactions have been or are capable of being satisfied, december 31, 2015.  for these and other reasons, the spinoff and subsequent combination may not be completed on the terms or within the expected timeframe, if at all.
if the proposed spinoff of ppl energy supply does not qualify as a tax-free distribution under sections 355 and 368 of the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended (the "code"), including as a result of subsequent acquisitions of stock of ppl or talen energy, then ppl and/or its shareowners may be required to pay substantial u.s. federal income taxes.
among other requirements, the completion of the proposed spinoff of ppl energy supply and subsequent combination with rjs power is conditioned upon ppl's receipt of a legal opinion of tax counsel to the effect that the spinoff will qualify as a reorganization pursuant to section 368(a)(1)(d) and a tax-free distribution pursuant to section 355 of the code.  although receipt of such legal opinion will satisfy a condition to completion of the spinoff and subsequent combination, that legal opinion will not be binding on the irs.  accordingly, the irs may reach conclusions that are different from the conclusions reached in such opinion.  ppl is not aware of any facts or circumstances that would cause the factual statements or representations on which the legal opinion will be based to be materially different from the facts at the time of the spinoff.  if, notwithstanding the receipt of such opinion, the irs were to determine the distribution to be taxable, ppl would, and its shareowners could, depending on their individual circumstances, recognize a tax liability that could be substantial.  in addition, notwithstanding the receipt of such opinion, if the irs were to determine the merger to be taxable, ppl shareowners may, depending on their individual circumstances, recognize a tax liability that could be material.
in addition, the spinoff will be taxable to ppl pursuant to section 355(e) of the code if there is a 50% or greater change in ownership (by vote or value) of either ppl or talen energy, directly or indirectly, as part of a plan or series of related transactions that include the spinoff.  because ppl's shareowners will collectively own more than 50% of talen energy's common stock following the spinoff and subsequent combination, the combination alone will not cause the spinoff to be taxable to ppl under section 355(e) of the code.  however, section 355(e) of the code might apply if acquisitions of stock of ppl before or after the spinoff, or of talen energy after the combination, are considered to be part of a plan or series of related transactions that include the spinoff.  ppl is not aware of any such plan or series of transactions that include the spinoff.
ppl may not be successful in realizing the full amount of anticipated annual savings as a result of the proposed spinoff of ppl energy supply.
in connection with the spinoff of ppl energy supply, and following any required transition services period, ppl is targeting to reduce its annual corporate support costs by an estimated $185 million.  this includes $110 million of corporate support costs to be either eliminated or transferred to talen energy and $75 million of corporate support costs to be eliminated as a result of workforce and other corporate cost reductions.  if for any reason ppl cannot realize all or a significant portion of the $75 million corporate cost savings it could have an adverse effect on ppl's cash flows and results of operations.
risks related to our u.k. segment our u.k. distribution business contributes more than 50% of ppl's total annual net income and exposes us to the following additional risks related to operating outside the u.s., including risks associated with changes in u.k. laws and regulations, taxes, economic conditions and political conditions and policies of the u.k. government and the european union.  these risks may reduce the results of operations from our u.k. distribution business or affect our ability to access u.k. revenues for payment of distributions or for other corporate purposes in the u.s.
·   changes in laws or regulations relating to u.k. operations, including rate regulations, operational performance and tax laws and regulations;
·   changes in government policies, personnel or approval requirements;
·   changes in general economic conditions affecting the u.k.;
·   regulatory reviews of tariffs for distribution companies;
·   changes in labor relations;
·   limitations on foreign investment or ownership of projects and returns or distributions to foreign investors;
·   limitations on the ability of foreign companies to borrow money from foreign lenders and lack of local capital or loans;
·   changes in u.s. tax law applicable to taxation of foreign earnings; and
·   compliance with u.s. foreign corrupt practices laws.
we are subject to increased foreign currency exchange rate risks because a majority of our cash flows and reported earnings are currently generated by our u.k. business operations.
these risks relate primarily to changes in the relative value of the british pound sterling and the u.s. dollar between the time we initially invest u.s. dollars in our u.k. businesses, and our strategy to hedge against such changes, and the time that cash is repatriated to the u.s. from the u.k., including cash flows from our u.k. businesses that may be distributed to ppl or used for repayments of intercompany loans or other general corporate purposes.  in addition, ppl's consolidated reported earnings on a u.s. gaap basis may be subject to increased earnings translation risk, which is the result of the conversion of earnings as reported in our u.k. businesses on a british pound sterling basis to a u.s. dollar basis in accordance with u.s. gaap requirements.
our u.k. delivery business is subject to risks with respect to rate regulation and operational performance.
our u.k. delivery businesses are rate-regulated and operate under an incentive-based regulatory framework.  managing operational risk is critical to the u.k. regulated segment's financial performance.  disruption to these distribution networks could reduce profitability both directly by incurring costs for network restoration and also through the system of penalties and rewards that ofgem administers relating to customer service levels.
a failure by any of our u.k. regulated businesses to comply with the terms of a distribution license may lead to the issuance of an enforcement order by ofgem that could have an adverse impact on ppl.
ofgem has powers to levy fines of up to ten percent of revenue for any breach of a distribution license or, in certain circumstances, such as insolvency, the distribution license itself may be revoked.  ofgem also has formal powers to propose modifications to each distribution license and there can be no assurance that a restrictive modification will not be introduced in the future, which could have an adverse effect on the operations and financial condition of the u.k. regulated businesses and ppl.
risk related to registrant holding companies ppl's, ppl energy supply's and lke's cash flows and ability to meet their obligations with respect to indebtedness and under guarantees, and ppl's ability to pay dividends, largely depends on the financial performance of their subsidiaries and, as a result, is effectively subordinated to all existing and future liabilities of those subsidiaries.
ppl, ppl energy supply and lke are holding companies and conduct their operations primarily through subsidiaries.  substantially all of the consolidated assets of these registrants are held by their subsidiaries.  accordingly, these registrants' cash flows and ability to meet debt and guaranty obligations, as well as ppl's ability to pay dividends, are largely dependent upon the earnings of those subsidiaries and the distribution or other payment of such earnings in the form of dividends, distributions, loans, advances or repayment of loans and advances.  the subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligation to pay dividends or distributions to their parents or to make funds available for such a payment.  the ability of the registrants' subsidiaries to pay dividends or distributions in the future will depend on the subsidiaries' future earnings and cash flows and the needs of their businesses, and may be restricted by their obligations to holders of their outstanding debt and other creditors, as well as any contractual or legal restrictions in effect at such time, including the requirements of state corporate law applicable to payment of dividends and distributions, and regulatory requirements, including restrictions on the ability of ppl electric, lg&e and ku to pay dividends under section 305(a) of the federal power act.
because ppl, ppl energy supply and lke are holding companies, their debt and guaranty obligations are effectively subordinated to all existing and future liabilities of their subsidiaries.  although certain agreements to which certain subsidiaries are parties limit their ability to incur additional indebtedness, ppl, ppl energy supply and lke and their subsidiaries retain the ability to incur substantial additional indebtedness and other liabilities.  therefore, ppl's, ppl energy supply's and lke's rights and the rights of their creditors, including rights of any debt holders, to participate in the assets of any of their subsidiaries, in the event that such a subsidiary is liquidated or reorganized, will be subject to the prior claims of such subsidiary's creditors.  in addition, if ppl elects to receive distributions of earnings from its foreign operations, ppl may incur u.s. income taxes, net of any available foreign tax credits, on such amounts.
risks related to domestic regulated utility operations our domestic regulated utility businesses face many of the same risks, in addition to those risks that are unique to each of the kentucky regulated segment and the pennsylvania regulated segment.  set forth below are risk factors common to both domestic regulated segments, followed by sections identifying separately the risks specific to each of these segments.
our profitability is highly dependent on our ability to recover the costs of providing energy and utility services to our customers and earn an adequate return on our capital investments.  regulators may not approve the rates we request and existing rates may be challenged.
the rates we charge our utility customers must be approved by one or more federal or state regulatory commissions, including the ferc, kpsc, vscc, tra and puc.  although rate regulation is generally premised on the recovery of prudently incurred costs and a reasonable rate of return on invested capital, there can be no assurance that regulatory authorities will consider all of our costs to have been prudently incurred or that the regulatory process by which rates are determined will always result in rates that achieve full recovery of our costs or an adequate return on our capital investments.  federal or state agencies, interveners and other permitted parties may challenge our rate requests, and ultimately reduce, alter or limit our current rates or future rates we seek.  although our rates are generally regulated based on an analysis of our costs incurred in a base year or based on future projected costs, the rates we are allowed to charge may or may not match our costs
at any given time.  our domestic regulated utility businesses are subject to substantial capital expenditure requirements over the next several years, which will likely require rate increase requests to the regulators.  if our costs are not adequately recovered through rates, it could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
our domestic utility businesses are subject to significant and complex governmental regulation.
in addition to regulating the rates we charge, various federal and state regulatory authorities regulate many aspects of our domestic utility operations, including:
·   the terms and conditions of our service and operations;
·   financial and capital structure matters;
·   siting, construction and operation of facilities;
·   mandatory reliability and safety standards under the energy policy act of 2005 and other standards of conduct;
·   accounting, depreciation and cost allocation methodologies;
·   acquisition and disposal of utility assets and issuance of securities; and
such regulations or changes thereto may subject us to higher operating costs or increased capital expenditures and failure to comply could result in sanctions or possible penalties which may not be recoverable from customers.
changes in transmission and wholesale power market structures could increase costs or reduce revenues.
wholesale revenues fluctuate with regional demand, fuel prices and contracted capacity.  changes to transmission and wholesale power market structures and prices may occur in the future, are not predictable and may result in unforeseen effects on energy purchases and sales, transmission and related costs or revenues.  these can include commercial or regulatory changes affecting power pools, exchanges or markets in which our domestic utilities participate.
our domestic regulated businesses undertake significant capital projects and these activities are subject to unforeseen costs, delays or failures, as well as risk of inadequate recovery of resulting costs.
the domestic regulated utility businesses are capital intensive and require significant investments in energy generation (in the case of lg&e and ku) and transmission, distribution and other infrastructure projects, such as projects for environmental compliance and system reliability.  the completion of these projects without delays or cost overruns is subject to risks in many areas, including:
·   land acquisition and the availability of suitable land;
·   contractor performance;
·   environmental considerations and regulations;
·   political, labor and regulatory developments.
failure to complete our capital projects on schedule or on budget, or at all, could adversely affect our financial performance, operations and future growth if such expenditures are not granted rate recovery by our regulators.
we are subject to the risk that our workforce and its knowledge base may become depleted in coming years.
ppl is experiencing an increase in attrition due primarily to the number of retiring employees, with the risk that critical knowledge will be lost and that it may be difficult to replace departed personnel due to a declining trend in the number of available skilled workers and an increase in competition for such workers.
risks specific to kentucky regulated segment
the costs of compliance with, and liabilities under, environmental laws are significant and are subject to continuing changes.
extensive federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations are applicable to lg&e's and ku's generation business, including its air emissions, water discharges and the management of hazardous and solid waste, among other business-related activities, and the costs of compliance or alleged non-compliance cannot be predicted but could be material.  in addition, our costs may increase significantly if the requirements or scope of environmental laws, regulations or similar rules are expanded or changed.  costs may take the form of increased capital expenditures or operating and maintenance expenses, monetary fines, penalties or forfeitures, operations changes, permit limitations or other restrictions.  at some of our older generating facilities it may be uneconomic for us to install necessary pollution control equipment, which could cause us to retire those units.  market prices for energy and capacity also affect this cost-effectiveness analysis.  many of these environmental law considerations are also applicable to the operations of our key suppliers, or customers, such as coal producers and industrial power users, and may impact the costs of their products and demand for our services.
ongoing changes in environmental regulations or their implementation requirements and our related compliance strategies entail a number of uncertainties.
the environmental standards governing lg&e's and ku's businesses, particularly as applicable to coal-fired generation and related activities, continue to be subject to uncertainties due to ongoing rulemakings and other regulatory developments, legislative activities and litigation.  revisions to applicable standards, changes in compliance deadlines and invalidation of rules on appeal may require major changes in compliance strategies, operations or assets and adjustments to prior plans.  depending on the extent, frequency and timing of such changes, the companies may be subject to inconsistent requirements under multiple regulatory programs, compressed windows for decision-making and short compliance deadlines that may require aggressive schedules for construction, permitting and other regulatory approvals.  under such circumstances, the companies may face higher risks of unsuccessful implementation of environmental-related business plans, noncompliance with applicable environmental rules, delayed or incomplete rate recovery or increased costs of implementation.
risks specific to pennsylvania regulated segment
we plan to selectively pursue growth of transmission and distribution capacity, which involves a number of uncertainties and may not achieve the desired financial results.
we plan to pursue expansion of our transmission and distribution capacity over the next several years.  we plan to do this through the potential construction or acquisition of transmission and distribution projects and capital investments to upgrade transmission and distribution infrastructure.  these types of projects involve numerous risks.  with respect to the construction or acquisition of transmission and distribution projects, we may be required to expend significant sums for preliminary engineering, permitting, resource exploration, legal and other expenses before it can be established whether a project is feasible, economically attractive or capable of being financed.  expansion in our regulated businesses is dependent on future load or service requirements and subject to applicable regulatory processes.  the success of both a new or acquired project would likely be contingent, among other things, upon the negotiation of satisfactory construction contracts, obtaining acceptable financing and maintaining acceptable credit ratings, as well as receipt of required and appropriate governmental approvals.  if we were unable to complete construction or expansion of a project, we may not be able to recover our investment in the project.
we face competition for transmission projects, which could adversely affect our rate base growth ferc order 1000, issued in july 2011, establishes certain procedural and substantive requirements relating to participation, cost allocation and non-incumbent developer aspects of regional and inter-regional electric transmission planning activities. the ppl electric transmission business, operating under a ferc-approved pjm open access transmission tariff (oatt), is subject to competition pursuant to ferc order 1000 from entities that are not incumbent pjm transmission owners with respect to the construction and ownership of transmission facilities within pjm.  increased competition can result in lower rate base growth.
ppl electric is subject to act 129 which contains requirements for energy efficiency and conservation programs and for the use of smart metering technology, imposes plr electricity supply procurement rules, provides remedies for market misconduct, and made changes to the existing aeps.  the law also requires electric utilities to meet specified goals for reduction in customer electricity usage and peak demand.  utilities not meeting these act 129 requirements are subject to significant penalties that cannot be recovered in rates.  numerous factors outside of our control could prevent compliance with these requirements and result in penalties to us.
risks related to supply segment
we face intense competition in the competitive power generation market, which may adversely affect our ability to operate profitably and generate positive cash flow.
our generation business is dependent on our ability to operate successfully in a competitive environment and is not assured of any rate of return on capital investments through a regulated rate structure.  competition is affected by electricity and fuel prices, new market entrants, construction by others of generating assets and transmission capacity, technological advances in power generation, the actions of environmental and other regulatory authorities and other factors.  these competitive factors may negatively affect our ability to sell electricity and related products and services, as well as the prices that we receive for such products and services, which could adversely affect our results of operations and our ability to grow our business.
we sell our available energy and capacity into competitive wholesale markets through contracts of varying duration.  competition in the wholesale power markets occurs principally on the basis of the price of products and, to a lesser extent, reliability and availability.  we believe that the commencement of commercial operation of new electricity generating facilities in the regional markets where we own or control generation capacity and the evolution of demand side management resources will continue to increase competition in the wholesale electricity market in those regions, which could have an adverse effect on electricity and capacity prices.
we also face competition in the wholesale markets for generation capacity and ancillary services.  we primarily compete with other electricity suppliers based on our ability to aggregate supplies at competitive prices from different sources and to efficiently utilize transportation from third-party pipelines and transmission from electric utilities, isos and rtos.  we also compete against other energy marketers on the basis of relative financial condition and access to credit sources, and our competitors may have greater financial resources than we have.
competitors in the wholesale power markets in which ppl generation subsidiaries and ppl energyplus operate include regulated utilities, industrial companies, non-utility generators, competitive subsidiaries of regulated utilities and financial institutions.
we are exposed to operational, price and credit risks associated with selling and marketing products in the wholesale and retail electricity markets.
we purchase and sell electricity in wholesale markets under market-based rates throughout the u.s.  and also enter into short-term agreements to market available electricity and capacity from our generation assets with the expectation of profiting from market price fluctuations.  if we are unable to deliver firm capacity and electricity under these agreements, we could be required to pay damages.  these damages would generally be based on the difference between the market price to acquire replacement capacity or electricity and the contract price of any undelivered capacity or electricity.  depending on price volatility in the wholesale electricity markets, such damages could be significant.  extreme weather conditions, unplanned generation facility outages, environmental compliance costs, transmission disruptions and other factors could affect our ability to meet our obligations or cause significant increases in the market price of replacement capacity and electricity.
our wholesale power agreements typically include provisions requiring us to post collateral for the benefit of our counterparties if the market price of energy varies from the contract prices in excess of certain pre-determined amounts.  we currently believe that we have sufficient liquidity to fulfill our potential collateral obligations under these power contracts.  however, our obligation to post collateral could exceed the amount of our facilities or our ability to increase our facilities
could be limited by financial markets or other factors.  see note 7 to the financial statements for a discussion of credit facilities.
we also face credit risk that counterparties with whom we contract in both the wholesale and retail markets will default in their performance, in which case we may have to sell our electricity into a lower-priced market or make purchases in a higher-priced market than existed at the inception of the contract.  whenever feasible, we attempt to mitigate these risks using various means, including agreements that require our counterparties to post collateral for our benefit if the market price of energy varies from the contract price in excess of certain pre-determined amounts.  however, there can be no assurance that we will avoid counterparty nonperformance risk, including bankruptcy, which could adversely impact our ability to meet our obligations to other parties, which could in turn subject us to claims for damages.
adverse changes in commodity prices and related costs may decrease our future energy margins, which could adversely affect our earnings and cash flows.
our energy margins, or the amount by which our revenues from the sale of power exceed our costs to supply power, are impacted by changes in market prices for electricity, fuel, fuel transportation, emission allowances, recs, electricity capacity and related congestion charges and other costs.  unlike most commodities, the limited ability to store electricity requires that it must be consumed at the time of production.  as a result, wholesale market prices for electricity may fluctuate substantially over relatively short time periods and can be unpredictable.  among the factors that influence such prices are:
·   supply of electricity available from current or new generation resources;
·   variable production costs, primarily fuel (and associated transportation costs) and emission allowance expense for the generation resources used to meet the demand for electricity;
·   transmission capacity and service into, or out of, markets served;
·   changes in the regulatory framework for wholesale power markets;
·   liquidity in the wholesale electricity market, as well as general creditworthiness of key participants in the market; and
·   weather and economic conditions affecting demand for or the price of electricity or the facilities necessary to deliver electricity.
our risk management policy and programs relating to electricity and fuel prices, interest rates and counterparty credit and non-performance risks may not work as planned, and we may suffer economic losses despite such programs.
we actively manage the market risk inherent in our generation and energy marketing activities, as well as our debt and counterparty credit positions.  we have implemented procedures to monitor compliance with our risk management policy and programs, including independent validation of transaction and market prices, verification of risk and transaction limits, portfolio stress tests, sensitivity analyses and daily portfolio reporting of various risk management metrics.  nonetheless, our risk management programs may not work as planned.  for example, actual electricity and fuel prices may be significantly different or more volatile than the historical trends and assumptions upon which we based our risk management calculations.  additionally, unforeseen market disruptions could decrease market depth and liquidity, negatively impacting our ability to enter into new transactions.  we enter into financial contracts to hedge commodity basis risk, and as a result are exposed to the risk that the correlation between delivery points could change with actual physical delivery.  similarly, interest rates could change in significant ways that our risk management procedures were not designed to address.  as a result, we cannot always predict the impact that our risk management decisions may have on us if actual events result in greater losses or costs than our risk models predict or greater volatility in our earnings and financial position.
in addition, our trading, marketing and hedging activities are exposed to counterparty credit risk and market liquidity risk.  we have adopted a credit risk management policy and program to evaluate counterparty credit risk.  however, if counterparties fail to perform, we may be forced to enter into alternative arrangements at then-current market prices.  in that event, our financial results could be adversely affected.
we do not always hedge against risks associated with electricity and fuel price volatility.
we attempt to mitigate risks associated with satisfying our contractual electricity sales obligations by either reserving generation capacity to deliver electricity or purchasing the necessary financial or physical products and services through competitive markets to satisfy our net firm sales contracts.  we also routinely enter into contracts, such as fuel and electricity purchase and sale commitments, to hedge our exposure to fuel requirements and other electricity-related commodities.  however, based on economic and other considerations, we may decide not to hedge the entire exposure of our operations
from commodity price risk.  to the extent we do not hedge against commodity price risk and applicable commodity prices change in ways that would be adverse to us, our results of operations and financial position may be adversely affected.  to the extent we do hedge against commodity price risk, those hedges may not ultimately prove to be effective.
the accounting for our hedging activities may increase the volatility in our quarterly and annual financial results.
we engage in commodity-related marketing and price-risk management activities in order to physically and financially hedge our exposure to market risk with respect to electricity sales from our generation assets, fuel utilized by those assets and emission allowances.
we generally attempt to balance our fixed-price physical and financial purchases and sales commitments in terms of contract volumes and the timing of performance and delivery obligations through the use of financial and physical derivative contracts.  these derivatives are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value with changes in the fair value resulting from fluctuations in the underlying commodity prices immediately recognized in earnings, unless the derivative qualifies for cash flow hedge accounting treatment or the npns exception.  whether a derivative qualifies for cash flow hedge accounting treatment depends upon it meeting specific criteria used to determine if the cash flow hedge is and will remain appropriate for the term of the derivative.  specific criteria are also required in order to elect the npns exception, which permits qualifying hedges to be treated under the accrual accounting method.  all economic hedges may not necessarily qualify for cash flow hedge accounting treatment or the npns exception, or we may elect not to utilize cash flow hedge accounting or the npns exception.  as a result, our quarterly and annual results are subject to significant fluctuations caused by changes in market prices.
changes in technology may negatively impact the value of our power plants.
a basic premise of our generation business is that generating electricity at central power plants achieves economies of scale and produces electricity at relatively low prices.  there are alternate technologies to supply electricity, most notably fuel cells, micro turbines, batteries, windmills and photovoltaic (solar) cells, the development of which has been expanded due to global climate change concerns.  research and development activities are ongoing to seek improvements in alternate technologies.  it is possible that advances will reduce the cost of alternative generation to a level that is equal to or below that of certain central station production.  also, as new technologies are developed and become available, the quantity and pattern of electricity usage (the "demand") by customers could decline, with a corresponding decline in revenues derived by generators.  these alternative energy sources could result in a decline to the dispatch and capacity factors of our plants.  as a result of all of these factors, the value of our generation facilities could be significantly reduced.
the full-requirements sales contracts that ppl energyplus is awarded do not provide for specific levels of load and actual load significantly below or above our forecasts could adversely affect our energy margins.
we generally hedge our full-requirements sales contracts with our own generation or energy purchases from third parties.  if the actual load is significantly lower than the expected load, we may be required to resell power at a lower price than was contracted for to supply the load obligation, resulting in a financial loss.  alternatively, a significant increase in load could adversely affect our energy margins because we are required under the terms of full-requirements sales contracts to provide the energy necessary to fulfill increased demand at the contract price, which could be lower than the cost to procure additional energy on the open market.  therefore, any significant decrease or increase in load compared with our forecasts could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position.
we may experience disruptions in our fuel supply, which could adversely affect our ability to operate our generation facilities.
we purchase fuel and other products consumed during the production of electricity (such as coal, natural gas, oil, water, uranium, lime, limestone and other chemicals) from a number of suppliers.  delivery of these fuels to our facilities is dependent upon the continuing financial viability of contractual counterparties as well as the infrastructure (including rail lines, rail cars, barge facilities, roadways, riverways and natural gas pipelines) available to serve each generation facility.  as a result, we are subject to the risks of disruptions or curtailments in the production of power at our generation facilities if fuel is unavailable at any price or if a counterparty fails to perform or if there is a disruption in the fuel delivery infrastructure.  disruption in the delivery of fuel, including disruptions as a result of weather, transportation difficulties, global demand and supply dynamics, labor relations, environmental regulations or the financial viability of our fuel suppliers, could adversely affect our ability to operate our facilities, which could result in lower sales and/or higher costs and thereby adversely affect our results of operations.
unforeseen changes in the price of coal and natural gas could cause us to incur excess coal inventories and contract termination costs.
extraordinarily low natural gas prices could cause natural gas to be the more cost-competitive fuel compared to coal for generating electricity.  because we enter into guaranteed supply contracts to provide for the amount of coal needed to operate our base load coal-fired generating facilities, we may experience periods where we hold excess amounts of coal if fuel pricing results in our reducing or idling coal-fired generating facilities in favor of operating available alternative natural gas-fired generating facilities.  in addition, we may incur costs to terminate supply contracts for coal in excess of our generating requirements.
if the services provided by the transmission facilities that deliver the wholesale power from our generation facilities are inadequate, our ability to sell and deliver wholesale power may be materially adversely affected.  furthermore, any changes in the structure and operation of, or the various pricing limitations imposed by, the rtos and isos that operate these transmission facilities may adversely affect the profitability of our generation facilities.
we do not own or control the transmission facilities required to sell the wholesale power from our generation facilities.  if the transmission service from these facilities is unavailable or disrupted, or if the transmission capacity infrastructure is inadequate, our ability to sell and deliver wholesale power may be materially adversely affected.  rtos and isos provide transmission services, administer transparent and competitive power markets and maintain system reliability.  many of these rtos and isos operate in the real-time and day ahead markets in which we sell energy.  the rtos and isos that oversee most of the wholesale power markets impose, and in the future may continue to impose, offer caps and other mechanisms to guard against the potential exercise of market power in these markets as well as price limitations.  these types of price limitations and other regulatory mechanisms may adversely affect the profitability of our generation facilities that sell energy and capacity into the wholesale power markets.  problems or delays that may arise in the formation and operation of maturing rtos and similar market structures, or changes in geographic scope, rules or market operations of existing rtos, may also affect our ability to sell, the prices we receive or the cost to transmit power produced by our generating facilities.  rules governing the various regional power markets may also change from time to time, which could affect our costs or revenues. as a result, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be materially adversely affected.
the ferc has issued regulations that require wholesale electricity transmission services to be offered on an open-access, non-discriminatory basis.  although these regulations are designed to encourage competition in wholesale market transactions for electricity, there is the potential that fair and equal access to transmission systems will not be available or that transmission capacity will not be available in the amounts we require.  we cannot predict the timing of industry changes as a result of these initiatives or the adequacy of transmission facilities in specific markets or whether isos and rtos in applicable markets will efficiently operate transmission networks and provide related services.
because our generation facilities are part of interconnected regional grids, we face the risk of blackout due to a disruption on a neighboring interconnected system.
major electric power blackouts are possible and have occurred, which could disrupt electrical service for extended periods of time.  if a blackout were to occur, the impact could result in interruptions to our operations, increased costs to replace existing contractual obligations, the possibility of regulatory investigations and potential operational risks to our facilities.  additionally, in response to the blackout, there could be changes or developments in applicable regulations or market structures that could have longer-term impact on our business and results of operations.
despite federal and state deregulation initiatives, our generation business is still subject to extensive regulation, which may increase our costs, reduce our revenues, or prevent or delay operation of our facilities.
our generation subsidiaries sell electricity into the wholesale market.  generally, our generation subsidiaries and our marketing subsidiaries are subject to regulation by the ferc.  the ferc has authorized us to sell generation from our facilities and power from our marketing subsidiaries at market-based prices.  the ferc retains the authority to modify or withdraw our market-based rate authority and to impose "cost of service" rates if it determines that the market is not competitive, that we possess market power or that we are not charging just and reasonable rates.  any reduction by the ferc in the rates we may receive or any unfavorable regulation of our business by state regulators could materially adversely affect our results of operations.  see "regulatory issues - ferc market-based rate authority" in note 13 to the financial statements for information regarding recent court decisions that could impact the ferc's market-based rate authority program.
in addition, the acquisition, construction, ownership and operation of electricity generation facilities require numerous permits, approvals, licenses and certificates from federal, state and local governmental agencies.  we may not be able to obtain or maintain all required regulatory approvals.  if there is a delay in obtaining any required regulatory approvals or if we fail to obtain or maintain any required approval or fail to comply with any applicable law or regulation, the operation of our assets and our sales of electricity could be prevented or delayed or become subject to additional costs.
our costs to comply with existing and new environmental and related worker health and safety laws are expected to continue to be significant, and we plan to incur significant capital expenditures for pollution control improvements that could adversely affect our profitability and liquidity or cause the continued operation of certain generation facilities to be uneconomic.
our business is subject to extensive federal, state and local statutes, rules and regulations relating to environmental protection and worker health and safety.  numerous governmental authorities, such as the epa and analogous state agencies, have the power to enforce compliance with these laws and regulations and the permits issued under them, oftentimes requiring difficult and costly response actions.  these laws and regulations may impose numerous obligations that are applicable to our operations, including the acquisition of permits to conduct regulated activities, the incurrence of capital or operating expenditures to limit or prevent releases of hazardous materials from our operations, the imposition of specific standards addressing worker protection, and the imposition of substantial liabilities and remedial obligations for pollution or contamination resulting from our operations.  to comply with existing and future environmental requirements and as a result of voluntary pollution control measures we may take, we have spent and expect to spend substantial amounts in the future on environmental control and compliance.  failure to comply with these laws, regulations and permits may result in joint and several, strict liability for administrative, civil and/or criminal penalties, the imposition of remedial obligations, and the issuance of injunctions limiting or preventing some or all of our operations.  private parties may also have the right to pursue legal actions to enforce compliance, as well as to seek damages for non-compliance, with environmental laws, regulations and permits or for personal injury or property damage.
our operations also pose risks of environmental liability due to leakage, migration, releases or spills of hazardous substances to surface or subsurface soils, surface water or groundwater.  certain environmental laws impose strict as well as joint and several liability (that could result in an entity paying more than its fair share) for costs required to remediate and restore sites where hazardous substances, hydrocarbons, or solid wastes have been stored or released.  we may be required to remediate contaminated properties currently or formerly owned or operated by us or facilities of third parties that received waste generated by our operations regardless of whether such contamination resulted from the conduct of others or from consequences of our own actions that were in compliance with all applicable laws at the time those actions were taken.  in addition, claims for damages to persons or property, including natural resources, may result from the environmental, health and safety impacts of our operations.
the trend of more expansive and stringent environmental legislation and regulations applied to the power generation industry could continue, resulting in increased costs of doing business and consequently affecting profitability.  many states and environmental groups have challenged certain federal laws and regulations relating to air emissions, water discharge and intake requirements, and management of ccrs as not being sufficiently strict.  as a result, state and federal regulations have been proposed or adopted that would impose more stringent restrictions, which could require us to significantly increase capital and operating expenditures for additional environmental controls.  at some of our older generating facilities it may be uneconomic for us to install necessary environmental controls to comply with new or proposed regulations, which could cause us to retire those units.
we may not be able to obtain or maintain all environmental regulatory approvals necessary for our planned capital projects which are necessary to our business.  if there is a delay in obtaining any required environmental regulatory approval or if we fail to obtain, maintain or comply with any such approval, operations at our affected facilities could be halted, reduced or subjected to additional costs.
we are subject to certain risks associated with nuclear generation, including the risk that our susquehanna nuclear plant could become subject to increased security or safety requirements that would increase capital and operating expenditures, uncertainties regarding spent nuclear fuel, and uncertainties associated with decommissioning our plant at the end of its licensed life.
nuclear generation accounted for about 32% of ppl energy supply's 2014 competitive power generation output.  the risks of nuclear generation generally include:
·   the potential harmful effects on the environment and human health from the operation of nuclear facilities and the storage, handling and disposal of radioactive materials;
·   limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available to cover losses and liabilities that might arise in connection with nuclear operations; and
·   uncertainties with respect to the technological and financial aspects of decommissioning nuclear plants at the end of their licensed lives. the licenses for our two nuclear units expire in 2042 and 2044. see note 19 to the financial statements for additional information on the aro related to the decommissioning.
the nrc has broad authority under federal law to impose licensing requirements, including security, safety and employee-related requirements for the operation of nuclear generation facilities.  in the event of noncompliance, the nrc has authority to impose fines or shut down a unit, or both, depending upon its assessment of the severity of the situation, until compliance is achieved.  in addition, revised security or safety requirements promulgated by the nrc, particularly in response to the 2011 incident in fukushima, japan, could necessitate substantial capital or operating expenditures at our susquehanna nuclear plant.  there also remains substantial uncertainty regarding the temporary storage and permanent disposal of spent nuclear fuel, which could result in substantial additional costs to us that cannot be predicted.  in addition, although we have no reason to anticipate a serious nuclear incident at our susquehanna nuclear plant, if an incident did occur, any resulting operational loss, damages and injuries could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.  see note 13 to the financial statements for a discussion of nuclear insurance.
we plan to optimize our competitive power generation operations, which involves a number of uncertainties and may not achieve the desired financial results.
we plan to optimize our competitive power generation operations.  we plan to do this through the construction of new power plants or modification of existing power plants, and the potential closure of certain existing plants and acquisition of plants that may become available for sale.  these types of projects involve numerous risks.  any planned power plant modifications could result in cost overruns, reduced plant efficiency and higher operating and other costs.  with respect to the construction of new plants or modification of existing plants, we may be required to expend significant sums for preliminary engineering, permitting, resource exploration, legal and other expenses before it can be established whether a project is feasible, economically attractive or capable of being financed.  the success of both a new or acquired project would likely be contingent, among other things, upon obtaining acceptable financing and maintaining acceptable credit ratings, as well as receipt of required and appropriate governmental approvals.  if we were unable to complete construction or expansion of a project, we may not be able to recover our investment in the project.  furthermore, we might be unable to operate any new or modified plants as efficiently as projected, which could result in higher than projected operating and other costs and reduced earnings.
risks related to all segments
the operation of our businesses is subject to cyber-based security and integrity risk.
numerous functions affecting the efficient operation of our businesses are dependent on the secure and reliable storage, processing and communication of electronic data and the use of sophisticated computer hardware and software systems.  the operation of our generation plants, including the susquehanna nuclear plant, and of our energy and fuel trading businesses, as well as our transmission and distribution operations are all reliant on cyber-based technologies and, therefore, subject to the risk that such systems could be the target of disruptive actions, principally by terrorists or vandals, or otherwise be compromised by unintentional events.  as a result, operations could be interrupted, property could be damaged and sensitive customer information lost or stolen, causing us to incur significant losses of revenues, other substantial liabilities and damages, costs to replace or repair damaged equipment and damages to our reputation.
adverse economic conditions could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
adverse economic conditions and the declines in wholesale energy prices, partially resulting from adverse economic conditions, have significantly impacted our earnings.  the breadth and depth of these negative economic conditions had a wide-ranging impact on the u.s. business environment, including our businesses.  in addition, adverse economic conditions also reduce the demand for electricity and natural gas and/or reduce our customers' ability to pay their bills.  this reduced demand continues to impact the key domestic wholesale energy markets we serve (such as pjm) and our pennsylvania and kentucky utility businesses.  the combination of lower demand for power and increased supply of natural gas has put downward price pressure on wholesale energy
markets in general, further impacting our energy marketing results.  in general, economic and commodity market conditions will continue to impact our unhedged future energy margins, utility profits, liquidity, earnings growth and overall financial condition.
increases in electricity prices and/or a weak economy, can lead to changes in legislative and regulatory policy, including the promotion of energy efficiency, conservation and self-generation, which may adversely impact our business.
energy consumption is significantly impacted by overall levels of economic activity and costs of energy supplies.  economic downturns or periods of high energy supply costs can lead to changes in or the development of legislative and regulatory policy designed to promote reductions in energy consumption and increased energy efficiency and self-generation by customers.  this focus on conservation, energy efficiency and self-generation may result in a decline in electricity demand, which could in turn adversely affect our business.
a downgrade in our credit ratings could negatively affect our ability to access capital and increase the cost of maintaining our credit facilities and any new debt.
credit ratings assigned by moody's and s&p to our businesses and their financial obligations have a significant impact on the cost of capital incurred by our businesses.  a ratings downgrade could increase our short-term borrowing costs and negatively affect our ability to fund liquidity needs and access new long-term debt at acceptable interest rates.  see "item 7. combined management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - financial condition - liquidity and capital resources - ratings triggers" for additional information on the financial impact of a downgrade in our credit ratings.
disruption in financial markets could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
our businesses are heavily dependent on credit and access to capital, among other things, for financing capital expenditures and providing collateral to support hedging in our energy marketing business.  regulations under the dodd-frank act in the u.s. and basel iii in europe may impose costly additional requirements on our businesses and the businesses of others with whom we contract, such as banks or other counterparties, or simply result in increased costs to conduct our business or access sources of capital and liquidity upon which the conduct of our businesses is dependent.
we could be negatively affected by rising interest rates, downgrades to our credit ratings, adverse credit market conditions or other negative developments in our ability to access capital markets.
in the ordinary course of business, we are reliant upon adequate long-term and short-term financing to fund our significant capital expenditures, debt service and operating needs.  as a capital-intensive business, we are sensitive to developments in interest rates, credit rating considerations, insurance, security or collateral requirements, market liquidity and credit availability and refinancing opportunities necessary or advisable to respond to credit market changes.  changes in these conditions could result in increased costs and decreased availability of credit.
our operating revenues could fluctuate on a seasonal basis, especially as a result of extreme weather conditions.
our businesses are subject to seasonal demand cycles.  for example, in some markets demand for, and market prices of, electricity peak during hot summer months, while in other markets such peaks occur in cold winter months.  as a result, our overall operating results may fluctuate substantially on a seasonal basis if weather conditions such as heat waves, extreme cold, unseasonably mild weather or severe storms occur.  the patterns of these fluctuations may change depending on the type and location of our facilities and the terms of our contracts to sell electricity.
operating expenses could be affected by weather conditions, including storms, as well as by significant man-made or accidental disturbances, including terrorism or natural disasters.
weather and these other factors can significantly affect our profitability or operations by causing outages, damaging infrastructure and requiring significant repair costs.  storm outages and damage often directly decrease revenues and increase expenses, due to reduced usage and restoration costs.
our businesses are subject to physical, market and economic risks relating to potential effects of climate change.
climate change may produce changes in weather or other environmental conditions, including temperature or precipitation levels, and thus may impact consumer demand for electricity.  in addition, the potential physical effects of climate change,
such as increased frequency and severity of storms, floods, and other climatic events, could disrupt our operations and cause us to incur significant costs in preparing for or responding to these effects.  these or other meteorological changes could lead to increased operating costs, capital expenses or power purchase costs.  greenhouse gas regulation could increase the cost of electricity, particularly power generated by fossil fuels, and such increases could have a depressive effect on regional economies.  reduced economic and consumer activity in our service areas -- both generally and specific to certain industries and consumers accustomed to previously lower cost power -- could reduce demand for the power we generate, market and deliver.  also, demand for our energy-related services could be similarly lowered by consumers' preferences or market factors favoring energy efficiency, low-carbon power sources or reduced electricity usage.
we cannot predict the outcome of the legal proceedings and investigations currently being conducted with respect to our current and past business activities.  an adverse determination could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
we are involved in legal proceedings, claims and litigation and subject to ongoing state and federal investigations arising out of our business operations, the most significant of which are summarized in "federal matters" in note 6 and "legal matters," "regulatory issues" and "environmental matters - domestic" in note 13 to the financial statements.  we cannot predict the ultimate outcome of these matters, nor can we reasonably estimate the costs or liabilities that could potentially result from a negative outcome in each case.
significant increases in our operation and maintenance expenses, including health care and pension costs, could adversely affect our future earnings and liquidity.
we continually focus on limiting and reducing our operation and maintenance expenses.  however, we expect to continue to face increased cost pressures in our operations.  increased costs of materials and labor may result from general inflation, increased regulatory requirements (especially in respect of environmental regulations), the need for higher-cost expertise in the workforce or other factors.  in addition, pursuant to collective bargaining agreements, we are contractually committed to provide specified levels of health care and pension benefits to certain current employees and retirees.  we provide a similar level of benefits to our management employees.  these benefits give rise to significant expenses.  due to general inflation with respect to such costs, the aging demographics of our workforce and other factors, we have experienced significant health care cost inflation in recent years, and we expect our health care costs, including prescription drug coverage, to continue to increase despite measures that we have taken and expect to take to require employees and retirees to bear a higher portion of the costs of their health care benefits.  in addition, we expect to continue to incur significant costs with respect to the defined benefit pension plans for our employees and retirees.  the measurement of our expected future health care and pension obligations, costs and liabilities is highly dependent on a variety of assumptions, most of which relate to factors beyond our control.  these assumptions include investment returns, interest rates, health care cost trends, inflation rates, benefit improvements, salary increases and the demographics of plan participants.  if our assumptions prove to be inaccurate, our future costs and cash contribution requirements to fund these benefits could increase significantly.
we may be required to record impairment charges in the future for certain of our investments, which could adversely affect our earnings.
under gaap, we are required to test our recorded goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that these assets may be impaired.  although no impairments were recorded based on our annual review in the fourth quarter of 2014, we are unable to predict whether future impairment charges may be necessary.
we also review our long-lived tangible and finite-lived intangible assets, including equity investments, for impairment when events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of these assets may not be recoverable.  see notes 1 and 16 to the financial statements for additional information on impairment charges taken and analysis performed during the reporting periods.  we are unable to predict whether impairment charges, or other losses on sales of other assets or businesses, may occur in future years.
in connection with various divestitures, and certain other transactions, we have indemnified or guaranteed parties against certain liabilities.  these indemnities and guarantees relate, among other things, to liabilities which may arise with respect to the period during which we or our subsidiaries operated a divested business, and to certain ongoing contractual relationships and entitlements with respect to which we or our subsidiaries made commitments in connection with the divestiture.  see "guarantees and other assurances" in note 13 to the financial statements.
we are subject to liability risks relating to our generation, transmission and distribution operations.
the conduct of our physical and commercial operations subjects us to many risks, including risks of potential physical injury, property damage or other financial liability, caused to or by employees, customers, contractors, vendors, contractual or financial counterparties and other third parties.
our facilities may not operate as planned, which may increase our expenses and decrease our revenues and have an adverse effect on our financial performance.
operation of power plants, transmission and distribution facilities, information technology systems and other assets and activities subjects us to a variety of risks, including the breakdown or failure of equipment, accidents, security breaches, viruses or outages affecting information technology systems, labor disputes, obsolescence, delivery/transportation problems and disruptions of fuel supply and performance below expected levels.  these events may impact our ability to conduct our businesses efficiently and lead to increased costs, expenses or losses.  operation of our delivery systems below our expectations may result in lost revenue and increased expense, including higher maintenance costs which may not be recoverable from customers.  planned and unplanned outages at our power plants may require us to purchase power at then-current market prices to satisfy our commitments or, in the alternative, pay penalties and damages for failure to satisfy them.
although we maintain customary insurance coverage for certain of these risks, no assurance can be given that such insurance coverage will be sufficient to compensate us fully in the event losses occur.
we are subject to risks associated with federal and state tax laws and regulations.
changes in tax law as well as the inherent difficulty in quantifying potential tax effects of business decisions could negatively impact our results of operations.  we are required to make judgments in order to estimate our obligations to taxing authorities.  these tax obligations include income, property, gross receipts and franchise, sales and use, employment-related and other taxes.  we also estimate our ability to utilize tax benefits and tax credits.  due to the revenue needs of the jurisdictions in which our businesses operate, various tax and fee increases may be proposed or considered.  we cannot predict whether such tax legislation or regulation will be introduced or enacted or the effect of any such changes on our businesses.  if enacted, any changes could increase tax expense and could have a significant negative impact on our results of operations and cash flows.
we are required to obtain, and to comply with, numerous permits, approvals, licenses and certificates from federal, state and local governmental agencies.  the process of obtaining and renewing necessary permits can be lengthy and complex and can sometimes result in the establishment of permit conditions that make the project or activity for which the permit was sought unprofitable or otherwise unattractive.  in addition, such permits or approvals may be subject to denial, revocation or modification under various circumstances.  failure to obtain or comply with the conditions of permits or approvals, or failure to comply with any applicable laws or regulations, may result in the delay or temporary suspension of our operations and electricity sales or the curtailment of our power delivery and may subject us to penalties and other sanctions.  although various regulators routinely renew existing licenses, renewal could be denied or jeopardized by various factors, including failure to provide adequate financial assurance for closure; failure to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations or permit conditions; local community, political or other opposition; and executive, legislative or regulatory action.
our cost or inability to obtain and comply with the permits and approvals required for our operations could have a material adverse effect on our operations and cash flows.  in addition, new environmental legislation or regulations, if enacted, or changed interpretations of existing laws may elicit claims that historical routine modification activities at our facilities violated applicable laws and regulations.  in addition to the possible imposition of fines in such cases, we may be required to undertake significant capital investments in pollution control technology and obtain additional operating permits or approvals, which could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
war, other armed conflicts or terrorist attacks could have a material adverse effect on our business.
war, terrorist attacks and unrest have caused and may continue to cause instability in the world's financial and commercial markets and have contributed to high levels of volatility in prices for oil and gas.  instability and unrest in the middle east, afghanistan, ukraine and iraq, as well as threats of war or other armed conflict elsewhere, may cause further disruption to
financial and commercial markets and contribute to even higher levels of volatility in prices for oil and gas.  in addition, unrest in the middle east, afghanistan, ukraine and iraq could lead to acts of terrorism in the united states or elsewhere, and acts of terrorism could be directed against companies such as ours.  armed conflicts and terrorism and their effects on us or our markets may significantly affect our business and results of operations in the future.  in addition, we may incur increased costs for security, including additional physical plant security and security personnel or additional capability following a terrorist incident.
item 7.  combined management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
this combined "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" is separately filed by ppl corporation and each of its subsidiary registrants.  information contained herein relating to any individual registrant is filed by such registrant solely on its own behalf, and no registrant makes any representation as to information relating to any other registrant.  the specific registrant to which disclosures are applicable is identified in parenthetical headings in italics above the applicable disclosure or within the applicable disclosure for each registrant's related activities and disclosures.  within combined disclosures, amounts are disclosed for any registrant when significant.
the following should be read in conjunction with the registrants' financial statements and the accompanying notes.  capitalized terms and abbreviations are defined in the glossary.  dollars are in millions, except per share data, unless otherwise noted.
"management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" includes the following information:
·   "overview" provides a description of each registrant's business strategy, a description of key factors expected to impact future earnings and a discussion of important financial and operational developments.
·   "results of operations" for ppl provides a detailed analysis of earnings by segment, and for the subsidiary registrants, includes a summary of earnings. for all registrants, "margins" provides explanations of non-gaap financial measures and "statement of income analysis" addresses significant changes in principal line items on the statements of income, comparing 2014 with 2013 and 2013 with 2012.
·   "financial condition - liquidity and capital resources" provides an analysis of the registrants' liquidity positions and credit profiles. this section also includes a discussion of forecasted sources and uses of cash and rating agency actions.
·   "financial condition - risk management" provides an explanation of the registrants' risk management programs relating to market and credit risk.
·   "application of critical accounting policies" provides an overview of the accounting policies that are particularly important to the results of operations and financial condition of the registrants and that require their management to make significant estimates, assumptions and other judgments of inherently uncertain matters.
overview for a description of the registrants and their businesses, see "item 1. business."
business strategy
the strategy for the regulated businesses of wpd, ppl electric, lke, lg&e and ku is to provide efficient, reliable and safe operations and strong customer service, maintain constructive regulatory relationships and achieve timely recovery of costs.  these regulated businesses also focus on providing competitively priced energy to customers and achieving stable, long-term growth in earnings and rate base, or rav, as applicable.  both rate base and rav are expected to grow for the foreseeable future as a result of significant capital expenditure programs to maintain existing assets and to improve system reliability and, for lke, lg&e and ku, to comply with federal and state environmental regulations related to coal-fired electricity generation facilities.  future rav for wpd will also be affected by riio-ed1, effective april 1, 2015, as the recovery period for assets placed in service after that date will be extended from 20 to 45 years, with a transitional arrangement that will gradually change the life over the price control period that will result in an average life of 35 years for rav additions during riio-ed1.  the rav balance at march 31, 2015 will continue to be recovered over 20 years.  in addition, incentive targets have been adjusted in riio-ed1, resulting in lower overall incentive revenues available to be earned.  see "financial
and operational developments - other financial and operational developments - riio-ed1 - fast tracking" below for additional information.
for the u. s. regulated businesses, recovery of capital project costs is attained through various rate-making mechanisms, including periodic base rate case proceedings, ferc formula rate mechanisms, and other regulatory agency-approved recovery mechanisms.  in kentucky, the kpsc has adopted a series of regulatory mechanisms (ecr, dsm, glt, fuel adjustment clause, gas supply clause and recovery on certain construction work-in-progress) that reduce regulatory lag and provide for timely recovery of and a return on, as appropriate, prudently incurred costs.  in pennsylvania, the ferc transmission formula rate, dsic mechanism and other recovery mechanisms are in place to reduce regulatory lag and provide for timely recovery of and a return on, as appropriate, prudently incurred costs.
for the u.k. regulated businesses, during the rate review period applicable for the eight year period beginning april 1, 2015, 80% of network related expenditures are added to the rav and, together with adjustments for inflation and a return on the rav, recovered through allowed revenue over 35 years (45 years for additions after april 1, 2023); rav is intended to represent expenditures that have a long-term benefit to wpd (similar to capital projects for the u.s. regulated businesses) with other expenditures being recovered in the current year.  the rav balance at march 31, 2015 will continue to be recovered over 20 years.
earnings generated by ppl's u.k. subsidiaries are subject to foreign currency translation risk.  the u.k. subsidiaries also have currency exposure to the u.s. dollar to the extent they have u.s. dollar denominated debt.  to manage these risks, ppl generally uses contracts such as forwards, options and cross currency swaps that contain characteristics of both interest rate and foreign currency exchange contracts.
in june 2014, ppl and ppl energy supply executed definitive agreements with affiliates of riverstone to combine their competitive power generation businesses into a new, stand-alone, publicly traded company named talen energy.  under the terms of the agreements, at closing, ppl will spin off to ppl shareowners a newly formed entity, talen energy holdings, inc. (holdco), which at such time will own all of the membership interests of ppl energy supply and all of the common stock of talen energy.  immediately following the spinoff, holdco will merge with a special purpose subsidiary of talen energy, with holdco continuing as the surviving company to the merger and as a wholly owned subsidiary of talen energy and the sole owner of ppl energy supply.  substantially contemporaneous with the spinoff and merger, rjs power will be contributed by its owners to become a subsidiary of talen energy.  following completion of these transactions, ppl shareowners will own 65% of talen energy and affiliates of riverstone will own 35%.  ppl will have no continuing ownership interest in, control of, or affiliation with talen energy.
see "item 1. business," "item 1a. risk factors" and "financial and operational developments - other financial and operational developments - anticipated spinoff of ppl energy supply" below for additional information.
the strategy for ppl energy supply is to optimize the value from its competitive generation asset and marketing portfolios while mitigating near-term volatility in both cash flows and earnings.  ppl energy supply endeavors to do this by matching energy supply with load, or customer demand, under contracts of varying durations with creditworthy counterparties to capture profits while effectively managing exposure to energy and fuel price volatility, counterparty credit risk and operational risk.  ppl energy supply is focused on maintaining profitability and positive cash flow during this current period of low energy and capacity prices.
to manage financing costs and access to credit markets, and to fund capital expenditures, a key objective of the registrants is to maintain targeted credit profiles and liquidity positions.  in addition, the registrants have financial and operational risk management programs that, among other things, are designed to monitor and manage exposure to earnings and cash flow volatility related to, as applicable, changes in energy and fuel prices, interest rates, counterparty credit quality and the operating performance of generating units.  to manage these risks, ppl generally uses contracts such as forwards, options, swaps and insurance contracts.
financial and operational developments earnings (ppl)
$ change
(a)   in november 2014, ppl montana completed the sale of 633mw of hydroelectric generating facilities to northwestern. ppl recognized a pre-tax gain of $237 million ($137 million after-tax) as a result of the transaction. 2013 includes a charge of $697 million ($413 million after-tax) for the termination of the operating lease of the colstrip coal-fired electricity generating facility and an impairment charge of $65 million ($39 million after-tax) for the corette coal-fired plant and related emission allowances. see notes 8 and 16 to the financial statements for additional information.
(b)   primarily represents financing and certain other costs incurred at the corporate level that have not been allocated or assigned to the segments, which are presented to reconcile segment information to ppl's consolidated results. 2014 includes most of the costs related to the anticipated spinoff of ppl energy supply. see the following table of special items for additional information. for 2012, there were no significant amounts in this category.
(c)   see "2011 equity units" below and note 4 to the financial statements for information on the equity units' impact on the calculation of 2014 and 2013 diluted eps.
the following after-tax gains (losses), in total, which management considers special items, impacted ppl's results.
(a)   2014 includes $46 million of deferred income tax expense to adjust valuation allowances on deferred tax assets for state net operating loss carryforwards, $17 million of external transition and transaction costs and $12 million of ppl services' separation benefits related to the anticipated spinoff of ppl energy supply. see note 8 to the financial statements for additional information.
see "results of operations" below for further discussion of ppl's results of operations and details of special items by reportable segments and analysis of the consolidated results of operations.
higher earnings are expected in 2015 compared with 2014, after adjusting for special items, certain dissynergies reflected in the corporate and other category previously recorded in the supply segment, and earnings from the supply segment.  the factors underlying these projections by segment and subsidiary registrant are discussed below (on an after-tax basis).
higher earnings are projected in 2015 compared with 2014, primarily driven by lower income taxes and a more favorable foreign currency exchange rate, partially offset by lower utility revenue.
higher earnings are projected in 2015 compared with 2014, primarily driven by anticipated electric and gas base rate increases and returns on additional environmental capital investments, partially offset by higher operation and maintenance expense, higher depreciation and higher financing costs.
lower earnings are projected in 2015 compared with 2014, primarily driven by higher operation and maintenance expense, higher depreciation and higher financing costs, partially offset by higher transmission margins and returns on distribution improvement capital investments.
in anticipation of the spinoff of ppl energy supply, no forward looking information, including an earnings forecast, is being provided for ppl's supply segment and ppl energy supply for 2015.
lower costs are projected in 2015 compared with 2014, primarily driven by the reduction of dissynergies related to the supply business spinoff through corporate restructuring efforts and lower income taxes.
earnings in future periods are subject to various risks and uncertainties.  see "forward-looking information," "item 1. business," "item 1a. risk factors," the rest of this item 7, and notes 1, 6 and 13 to the financial statements (as applicable) for a discussion of the risks, uncertainties and factors that may impact future earnings.
other financial and operational developments economic and market conditions
the businesses of ppl energy supply, lke, lg&e and ku are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental laws, rules and regulations, including those pertaining to coal combustion residuals, ghg, effluent limitation guidelines and mats.  see "financial condition - environmental matters" below for additional information on these requirements.  these and other stringent environmental requirements, combined with low energy margins for competitive generation, have led several energy companies, including ppl, ppl energy supply, lke, lg&e and ku, to announce plans to either temporarily or permanently close or place in long-term reserve status, and/or impair certain of their coal-fired generating plants.
as a result of current economic and market conditions, the announced transaction with affiliates of riverstone to form talen energy, ppl energy supply's current sub-investment grade credit rating and talen energy's expected sub-investment grade credit rating, ppl energy supply continues to monitor its business and operational plans, including capital and operation and maintenance expenditures, its hedging strategies and potential plant modifications to burn lower cost fuels.  see "margins - changes in non-gaap financial measures - unregulated gross energy margins" below for additional information on energy margins.  2014 energy margins were lower compared to 2013 due to a higher average hedge price in 2013, partially offset by higher pricing on unhedged generation.
as a result of the environmental requirements discussed above, lke projects $2.2 billion ($1.1 billion each at lg&e and ku) in capital investment over the next five years and anticipates retiring five coal-fired units (three at lg&e in 2015 and two at ku in 2016) with a combined summer capacity rating of 724 mw (563 mw at lg&e and 161 mw at ku).  ku retired a 71 mw coal-fired unit at the tyrone plant in february 2013 and a 12 mw gas-fired unit at the haefling plant in december 2013.  the retirement of these units is not expected to have a material impact on the financial condition or results of operations of ppl, lke, lg&e and ku.  see note 8 to the financial statements for additional information regarding the anticipated retirement of these units as well as the construction of a ngcc in kentucky expected to be operational in may 2015 and a 10 mw solar facility expected to be operational in 2016.
the kpsc has adopted a series of regulatory mechanisms (ecr, dsm, glt, fuel adjustment clause, gas supply clause and recovery on certain construction work-in-progress) that provide for timely recovery of prudently incurred costs (including
costs associated with environmental requirements).  the kentucky utility businesses are impacted by changes in customer usage levels, which can be driven by a number of factors including weather conditions and economic factors that impact the load utilized by customers.
the registrants cannot predict the impact that future economic and market conditions and regulatory requirements may have on their financial condition or results of operations.
ppl, ppl energy supply and ppl electric finalized a new three-year labor agreement with ibew local 1600 in may 2014 and the agreement was ratified in early june 2014.  as part of efforts to reduce operations and maintenance expenses, the new agreement offered a one-time voluntary retirement window to certain bargaining unit employees.  as a result, for the year ended december 31, 2014, the following total separation benefits have been recorded.
ppl energy ppl          supply      ppl electric pension benefits              $13             $11                $2
total separation benefits     $20             $17                $3
number of employees           123             105                17
the separation benefits are included in "other operation and maintenance" on the statement of income.  the liability for pension benefits is included in "accrued pension obligations" on the balance sheet at december 31, 2014.  all of the severance compensation was paid in 2014.  the remaining terms of the new labor agreement are not expected to have a significant impact on the financial results of ppl, ppl energy supply or ppl electric.
anticipated spinoff of ppl energy supply
following the announcement of the transaction to form talen energy as discussed in "item 1. business - general - anticipated spinoff of ppl energy supply", efforts were initiated to identify the appropriate staffing for talen energy and for ppl and its subsidiaries following completion of the spinoff.  organizational plans and staffing selections were substantially completed in 2014.
the new organizational plans identify the need to resize and restructure the organizations.  as a result, during 2014, charges for employee separation benefits were recorded in "other operation and maintenance" on the statement of income and in "other current liabilities" on the balance sheet as follows.
ppl   supply          electric separation benefits     $36   $16             $1
number of positions     306   112             14
the separation benefits incurred include cash severance compensation, lump sum cobra reimbursement payments and outplacement services.  most separations and payment of separation benefits are expected to occur in 2015.
additional employee-related costs to be incurred primarily include accelerated stock-based compensation and pro-rated performance-based cash incentive and stock-based compensation awards primarily for ppl energy supply employees and for ppl employees who will become ppl energy supply employees in connection with the transaction.  these costs will primarily be recognized at the spinoff closing date.  ppl and ppl energy supply estimate these additional costs will be in the range of $30 million to $40 million.
as a result of the spinoff announcement, ppl recorded $50 million of deferred income tax expense in 2014 to adjust valuation allowances on deferred tax assets primarily for state net operating loss carryforwards that were previously supported by the future earnings of ppl energy supply.
in addition, ppl recorded $27 million of third-party costs in 2014 related to this transaction.  of these costs, $19 million were primarily for investment bank advisory, legal and accounting fees to facilitate the transaction, and are recorded in "other income (expense) - net" on the statement of income.  an additional $8 million of consulting and other costs were incurred to ready the new talen energy organization and reconfigure the remaining ppl service functions.  these costs are recorded in "other operation and maintenance" on the statement of income.  ppl currently estimates a range of total third-party costs that will ultimately be incurred of between $60 million and $70 million.
the assets and liabilities of ppl energy supply will continue to be classified as "held and used" on ppl's balance sheet until the closing of the transaction.  in conducting its annual goodwill impairment assessment in the fourth quarter of 2014 for its supply segment reporting unit, ppl determined that the estimated fair value of ppl energy supply exceeded its carrying value and no impairment was recognized.  however, an impairment loss could be recognized by ppl at the spinoff date if the aggregate carrying amount of ppl energy supply's assets and liabilities exceeds its aggregate fair value at that date.  ppl cannot predict whether an impairment loss will be recorded at the spinoff date.
in accordance with business combination accounting guidance, ppl energy supply will treat the combination with rjs power as an acquisition and ppl energy supply will be considered the acquirer of rjs power.
in november 2014, ppl montana completed the sale to northwestern of 633 mw of hydroelectric generating facilities located in montana for approximately $900 million in cash.  as a result of the sale, ppl and ppl energy supply recorded gains of $237 million ($137 million after-tax) and $306 million ($206 million after-tax), included in "income (loss) from discontinued operations (net of income taxes)" on the 2014 statement of income.  see note 8 to the financial statements for additional information including the components of discontinued operations.
ofgem review of line loss calculation in march 2014, ofgem issued its final decision on the dpcr4 line loss incentives and penalties mechanism.  as a result, during the first quarter of 2014, wpd increased its existing liability by $65 million for over-recovery of line losses with a reduction to "utility" revenues on the statement of income.  in june 2014, wpd applied for judicial review of certain of ofgem's decisions related to closing out the dpcr4 line loss mechanism but was denied permission to apply for judicial review and wpd now considers the matter closed.  the recorded liability at december 31, 2014 was $99 million.  the total recorded liability will be refunded to customers from april 1, 2015 through march 31, 2019.  see note 6 to the financial statements for additional information.
riio-ed1 - fast tracking in february 2014, wpd elected to accept the decision of ofgem to set the real cost of equity to be used during the riio-ed1 period at 6.4% compared to 6.7% proposed by wpd, and remain in the fast-track process.  the change in the cost of equity is not expected to have a significant impact on ppl's results of operations.  also, in february 2014, ofgem published formal confirmation that wpd's business plans submitted by its four dnos were accepted as submitted, or "fast-tracked," for the eight-year price control period starting april 1, 2015.  fast tracking affords several benefits to the wpd dnos including the ability to collect additional revenue equivalent to 2.5% of total annual expenditures during the eight-year price control period, or approximately $43 million annually, greater revenue certainty and a higher level of cost savings retention.  the period to challenge the fast tracking expired in june 2014 and no third parties have filed objections.  see "item 1. business - segment information - u.k. regulated segment" for additional information on riio-ed1.
distribution revenue reduction in december 2013, wpd and other u.k. dnos announced agreements with the u.k. department of energy and climate change and ofgem to a reduction of £5 per residential customer of electricity distribution revenues that otherwise would have been collected in the regulatory year beginning april 1, 2014.  full recovery of the revenue reduction, together with the associated carrying cost, was expected to occur during the regulatory year beginning april 1, 2015 for three of the wpd dnos, and over the eight year riio-ed1 regulatory period for the fourth dno.  however, in july 2014, ofgem decided that full recovery will occur for all wpd dnos in the regulatory year beginning april 1, 2016.  earnings for the u.k. regulated segment were adversely affected by $31 million in 2014.  ppl projects earnings in 2015 will be adversely affected by $15 million and earnings for 2016 will be positively affected by $32 million with the remainder to be recovered in later periods.
2011 equity units in march 2014, ppl capital funding remarketed $978 million of 4.32% junior subordinated notes due 2019 that were originally issued in april 2011 as a component of ppl's 2011 equity units.  in connection with the remarketing, ppl capital funding retired $228 million of the 4.32% junior subordinated notes due 2019 and issued $350 million of 2.189% junior subordinated notes due 2017 and $400 million of 3.184% junior subordinated notes due 2019.  simultaneously the newly issued junior subordinated notes were exchanged for $350 million of 3.95% senior notes due 2024 and $400 million of 5.00% senior notes due 2044.  in may 2014, ppl issued 31.7 million shares of common stock at $30.86 per share to settle the 2011 purchase contracts.  ppl received net cash proceeds of $978 million, which were used to repay short-term debt and for general corporate purposes.
kerr dam project arbitration decision and impairment (ppl energy supply)
ppl montana previously held a joint operating license issued for the kerr dam project, which was sold to northwestern as part of the montana hydro sale in november 2014.  between 2015 and 2025, the confederated salish and kootenai tribes of the flathead nation (the tribes) have the option to purchase, hold and operate the kerr dam project.  in march 2014, an arbitration panel issued its final decision holding that the conveyance price payable by the tribes for the kerr dam project is $18 million.  as a result of the decision and the tribes having given notice of their intent to exercise the option, in the first quarter of 2014 ppl energy supply recorded an impairment charge of $18 million ($10 million after-tax) to reduce the carrying amount to its fair value.  see note 16 to the financial statements for additional information on the impairment.  additionally, as a result of a guarantee included in the sale agreement with northwestern, if the tribes exercise their option and purchase the kerr dam project for $18 million as expected, ppl montana must pay northwestern $12 million, which is recorded as a liability on the balance sheet at december 31, 2014.
ppl susquehanna continues to make modifications to address the causes of turbine blade cracking at the ppl susquehanna nuclear plant first identified in 2011.  unit 1 completed its planned refueling and turbine inspection outage in june 2014 and installed newly designed shorter last stage blades on one of the low pressure turbines.  this change allowed unit 1 to run with reduced blade vibration and no cracking during 2014.  in the first, second and third quarters of 2014, unit 2 was shut down for blade inspection and replacement, as well as additional maintenance.  the financial impact of the unit 2 outages was not material.  based on the positive experience on unit 1, the same short blade modification will be installed on two of the three turbines on unit 2 during the scheduled refueling outage in spring 2015.  ppl susquehanna continues to monitor blade performance and work with the turbine manufacturer to identify and resolve the issues causing blade cracking.
in july 2014, ppl electric announced that it had submitted a proposal to pjm to build a new regional transmission line.  as currently proposed, ppl electric is pursuing approval of this project from pennsylvania, new jersey, new york and maryland.  the proposed line would run from western pennsylvania into new york and new jersey and also south into maryland, covering approximately 725 miles.  the proposed line would enhance the ability to move power inter-regionally and intra-regionally improving reliability and cost effectiveness.  as proposed, the project would begin in 2017 and the line would be in operation between 2023 and 2025.  the project is estimated to cost $4 billion to $6 billion and requires numerous approvals from ferc, pjm and new york independent system operator.  there can be no assurance, however, that the project will be approved as proposed.  additionally, ppl electric is continuing to study the project and may modify it in the future.
in its december 28, 2012 final rate case order, the puc directed ppl electric to file a proposed sder.  in march 2013, ppl electric filed its proposed sder with the puc and, as part of that filing, requested recovery of the 2012 qualifying storm costs related to hurricane sandy.  in april 2014, the puc issued a final order approving the sder with a january 1, 2015 effective date and initially including actual storm costs compared to collections from december 2013 through november 2014.  as a result of the order, ppl electric reduced its 2013 regulatory liability by $12 million related to collections in excess of costs incurred from january 1, 2013 to november 30, 2013 that are not required to be refunded to customers.  also, as part of the order, ppl electric was authorized to recover hurricane sandy storm damage costs through the sder over a three-year period beginning january 2015.  on june 20, 2014, the office of consumer advocate (oca) filed a petition for review of the april 2014 order with the commonwealth court of pennsylvania.  on december 3, 2014, the oca filed a complaint against ppl electric's initial sder filing.  in january 2015, the puc issued a final order closing the investigation and modifying the effective date of the sder to february 1, 2015.  see "pennsylvania activities - storm damage expense rider" in note 6 to the financial statements for additional information.
in september 2013, ku filed an application with the ferc to adjust the formula rate under which ku provides wholesale requirements power sales to 12 municipal customers.  among other changes, the application requests an amended formula whereby ku would charge cost-based rates with a subsequent true-up to actual costs, replacing the current formula which does not include a true-up.  ku's application proposed an authorized return on equity of 10.7%.  certain elements, including the new formula rate, became effective april 23, 2014, subject to refund.  in april 2014, nine municipalities submitted notices of termination, under the original notice period provisions, to cease taking power under the wholesale requirements contracts.  such terminations are to be effective in 2019, except in the case of one municipality with a 2017 effective date.  in addition, a tenth municipality has a previously settled termination date of 2016.  in july 2014, ku agreed on settlement terms with the two municipal customers that did not provide termination notices and filed the settlement proposal with the ferc for its approval.  in august 2014, the ferc issued an order on the interim settlement agreement allowing the proposed rates to become effective pending a final order.  if approved, the settlement agreement will resolve the rate case with respect to these two municipalities, including an authorized return on equity of 10% or the return on equity awarded to other parties in this case, whichever is lower.  also in july 2014, ku made a contractually required filing with the ferc that addressed certain rate recovery matters affecting the nine terminating municipalities during the remaining term of their contracts.  ku and the terminating municipalities continue settlement discussions in this proceeding.  ku cannot currently predict the outcome of its ferc applications regarding its wholesale power agreements with the municipalities.
on november 26, 2014, lg&e and ku filed requests with the kpsc for increases in annual base electricity rates of approximately $30 million at lg&e and approximately $153 million at ku and an increase in annual base gas rates of approximately $14 million at lg&e.  the proposed base rate increases would result in electricity rate increases of 2.7% at lg&e and 9.6% at ku and a gas rate increase of 4.2% at lg&e and would become effective in july 2015.  lg&e's and ku's applications each include a request for authorized returns-on-equity of 10.50%.  the applications are based on a forecasted test year of july 1, 2015 through june 30, 2016.  a number of parties have been granted intervention requests in the proceedings.  a hearing on the applications is scheduled to commence on april 21, 2015.  lg&e and ku cannot predict the outcome of these proceedings.
results of operations
the discussion for ppl provides a review of results by reportable segment.  the "margins" discussion provides explanations of non-gaap financial measures (kentucky gross margins, pennsylvania gross delivery margins and unregulated gross energy margins) and a reconciliation of non-gaap financial measures to "operating income." the "statement of income analysis" discussion addresses significant changes in principal line items on ppl's statements of income, comparing year-to-year changes.  "segment earnings, margins and statement of income analysis" is presented separately for ppl.
tables analyzing changes in amounts between periods within "segment earnings" and "statement of income analysis" are presented on a constant u.k. foreign currency exchange rate basis, where applicable, in order to isolate the impact of the change in the exchange rate on the item being explained.  results computed on a constant u.k. foreign currency exchange rate basis are calculated by translating current year results at the prior year weighted-average u.k. foreign currency exchange rate.
the discussion for each of ppl energy supply, ppl electric, lke, lg&e and ku provides a summary of earnings.  the "margins" discussion includes a reconciliation of non-gaap financial measures to "operating income" and "statement of income analysis" addresses significant changes in principal line items on the statements of income comparing year-to-year changes.  "earnings, margins and statement of income analysis" are presented separately for ppl energy supply, ppl electric, lke, lg&e and ku.
ppl segment earnings, margins and statement of income analysis segment earnings u.k. regulated segment the u.k. regulated segment consists of ppl global which primarily includes wpd's regulated electricity distribution operations, the results of hedging the translation of wpd's earnings from british pound sterling into u.s. dollars, and certain costs, such as u.s. income taxes, administrative costs, and allocated financing costs.  the u.k. regulated segment represents 57% of net income attributable to ppl shareowners for 2014 and 33% of ppl's assets at december 31, 2014.
$ change
energy-related businesses                                       48                44                47                   4                  (3)
total operating revenues             2,621             2,403             2,336                 218                   67
other operation and maintenance                                451               470               451                (19)                   19
energy-related businesses                                       31                29                34                   2                  (5)
total operating expenses               976               946               911                  30                   35
the changes in the results of the u.k. regulated segment between these periods were due to the factors set forth below, which reflect certain items that management considers special and effects of movements in foreign currency exchange on separate lines within the table and not in their respective statement of income line items.  see below for additional detail of the special items.
other operation and maintenance                46              (40)
foreign currency exchange, after-tax                                 5               (7)
·   higher utility revenues in 2014 compared with 2013 primarily due to $194 million from the april 1, 2014 and 2013 price increases, partially offset by $88 million from lower volume due primarily to weather and $8 million from lower third-party engineering revenue.
·   lower other operation and maintenance in 2014 compared with 2013 primarily due to $38 million from lower pension expense and $9 million from lower third-party engineering expense.
higher other operation and maintenance for 2013 compared with 2012 primarily due to higher network maintenance expense.
·   higher income taxes in 2014 compared with 2013 primarily due to a $19 million increase primarily in taxable dividends and a $19 million benefit in 2013 related to an irs ruling regarding 2010 u.k. earnings and profits calculations.
lower income taxes in 2013 compared with 2012 primarily due to a $42 million adjustment related to an irs ruling regarding 2010 u.k. earnings and profits calculations, partially offset by a $27 million increase in taxable dividends.
the following after-tax gains (losses), which management considers special items, also impacted the u.k. regulated segment's results.
other income foreign currency-related economic hedges, net of tax of ($68), $15, $18 (a)                         (expense) - net             $127           $(29)           $(33)
wpd midlands acquisition-related adjustments:
other operation separation benefits, net of tax of $0, $1, $4 (b)                       and maintenance                              (4)            (11)
other acquisition-related adjustments, net of tax of $0, ($2), ($1)                                                    8               2
change in u.k. income tax rate (c)                                      income taxes                                  84              75
windfall profits tax litigation (d)                                     income taxes                                  43
change in wpd line loss accrual, net of tax of $13, $10, ($23) (e)      utility                     (52)            (35)              74
(a)   represents unrealized gains (losses) on contracts that economically hedge anticipated gbp-denominated earnings.
(c)   the u.k. finance act of 2013, enacted in july 2013, reduced the u.k.'s statutory income tax rate from 23% to 21%, effective april 1, 2014 and from 21% to 20%, effective april 1, 2015. the u.k. finance act of 2012, enacted in july 2012, reduced the u.k. statutory income tax rate from 25% to 24% retroactive to april 1, 2012 and from 24% to 23% effective april 1, 2013. as a result, ppl reduced its net deferred tax liability and recognized a deferred tax benefit in 2013 and 2012.
(d)   in may 2013, the u.s. supreme court reversed the december 2011 ruling by the u.s. court of appeals for the third circuit concerning the creditability of the u.k. windfall profits tax for u.s. federal income tax purposes. as a result, ppl recorded a $43 million income tax benefit in 2013. see note 5 to the financial statements for additional information.
(e)   in november 2012, ofgem issued additional consultation on the final dpcr4 line loss close-out that published values for each dno. based on this, wpd midlands reduced its line loss liability for dpcr4 and dpcr5 by a total of $97 million, pre-tax, in 2012. in 2013, wpd midlands increased its line loss accrual by $45 million, pre-tax, based on additional information provided by ofgem regarding the calculation. in march 2014, ofgem issued its final decision on the dpcr4 line loss incentives and penalties mechanism. as a result, wpd increased its existing liability by $65 million, pre-tax, for over-recovery of line losses. see note 6 to the financial statements for additional information.
kentucky regulated segment the kentucky regulated segment consists primarily of lke's regulated electricity generation, transmission and distribution operations of lg&e and ku, as well as lg&e's regulated distribution and sale of natural gas.  in addition, certain financing costs are allocated to the kentucky regulated segment.  the kentucky regulated segment represents 18% of net income attributable to ppl shareowners for 2014 and 27% of ppl's assets at december 31, 2014.
$ change
other operation and maintenance                                                   815               778               778                37
total operating expenses                     2,439             2,273             2,237               166                     36
other-than-temporary impairments                                                                                       25                                     (25)
income (loss) from discontinued operations (net of income taxes)                                      2               (6)               (2)                      8
the changes in the results of the kentucky regulated segment between these periods were due to the factors set forth below, which reflect amounts classified as kentucky gross margins and certain items that management considers special on separate lines within the table and not in their respective statement of income line items.  see below for additional detail of the special items.
other operation and maintenance              (35)               (5)
·   see "margins - changes in non-gaap financial measures" for an explanation of kentucky gross margins.
·   higher other operation and maintenance in 2014 compared with 2013 primarily due to $14 million of higher expenses due to the timing and scope of scheduled generation maintenance outages, $9 million of higher bad debt expense and higher storm expenses of $8 million.
·   higher depreciation in 2013 compared with 2012 primarily due to environmental costs related to the 2005 and 2006 ecr plans now being included in base rates. as a result, $51 million of depreciation associated with those environmental projects is shown as depreciation in 2013. depreciation for these ecr plans was included in kentucky gross margins in 2012 and 2011. this increase was partially offset by lower depreciation due to revised rates that were effective january 1, 2013. both events are the result of the 2012 rate case proceedings.
·   higher interest expense in 2014 compared with 2013 primarily due to $22 million of higher expense resulting from the issuance of $500 million of first mortgage bonds in november 2013 and higher short-term debt balances partially offset by a $10 million loss on extinguishment of debt in 2013 related to the remarketing of the ppl capital funding junior subordinated notes component of the 2010 equity units and simultaneous exchange into senior notes in the second quarter of 2013, and a $5 million decrease due to lower rates on the related senior notes as compared with the junior subordinated notes.
the following after-tax gains (losses), which management considers special items, also impacted the kentucky regulated segment's results.
impairments:
other asset impairments, net of tax of $0, $0, $10 (a)              other-than-temporary-impairments                               $(15)
lke acquisition-related adjustments:
income taxes and other operation net operating loss carryforward and other tax-related adjustments   and maintenance                                                4
eei adjustments, net of tax of $0, $0, $0 (c)                       other income (expense) - net                           1
(a)   ku recorded an impairment of its equity method investment in eei. see note 16 to the financial statements for additional information.
(b)   2012 includes an adjustment recorded by lke to an indemnification liability.
pennsylvania regulated segment the pennsylvania regulated segment includes the regulated electricity transmission and distribution operations of ppl electric.  the pennsylvania regulated segment represents 15% of net income attributable to ppl shareowners for 2014 and 16% of ppl's assets at december 31, 2014.
$ change
energy purchases external                                587               588               550               (1)                    38
other operation and maintenance                                     543               531               576                12                  (45)
total operating expenses              1,506             1,451             1,469                55                  (18)
the changes in the components of the pennsylvania regulated segment's results between these periods were due to the factors set forth below, which reflect amounts classified as pennsylvania gross delivery margins and a certain item that management considers special on separate lines and not on their respective statement of income line items.  see below for additional detail of the special item.
other operation and maintenance                    13                23
·   see "margins - changes in non-gaap financial measures" for an explanation of pennsylvania gross delivery margins.
·   lower other operation and maintenance for 2014 compared with 2013, primarily due to $16 million of lower payroll related expenses due to lower headcount, less maintenance projects and more focus on capital work in 2014.
lower other operation and maintenance for 2013 compared with 2012, primarily due to lower storm costs of $25 million and lower support group costs of $10 million, partially offset by $12 million increased vegetation management costs.
·   higher depreciation for both periods primarily due to transmission pp&amp;e additions as well as additions related to the ongoing efforts to ensure the reliability of the delivery system and the replacement of aging infrastructure.
·   higher interest expense for both periods primarily due to the issuance of first mortgage bonds in july 2013 and june 2014.
·   higher income taxes in 2014 compared with 2013, primarily due to higher pre-tax income which increased income taxes by $46 million and tax benefits related to federal and state income tax reserves of $8 million in 2013.
higher income taxes in 2013 compared with 2012, primarily due to higher pre-tax income which increased income taxes by $47 million, partially offset by $8 million of income tax return adjustments primarily recorded in 2012, largely related to changes in flow-through regulated tax depreciation.
the following after-tax loss, which management considers a special item, also impacted the pennsylvania regulated segment's results.
other operation separation benefits - bargaining unit voluntary program, net of tax of $1, $0, $0 (a)     and maintenance        $(2)          $           $
(a)   in june 2014, ppl electric's largest ibew local ratified a new three-year labor agreement. in connection with the new agreement, bargaining unit one-time voluntary retirement benefits were recorded. see note 13 to the financial statements for additional information.
supply segment the supply segment primarily consists of ppl energy supply's wholesale, retail, marketing and trading activities, as well as its competitive generation operations.  in addition, certain financing and other costs are allocated to the supply segment.  the supply segment represents 17% of net income attributable to ppl shareowners for 2014 and 23% of ppl's assets at december 31, 2014.
in june 2014, ppl and ppl energy supply, which primarily represents ppl's supply segment, executed definitive agreements with affiliates of riverstone to combine their competitive power generation businesses into a new, stand-alone, publicly traded company named talen energy.  upon completion of this transaction, ppl will no longer have a supply segment.  see note 8 to the financial statements for additional information.
$ change
energy revenues external (a)                        $3,051            $3,936            $4,816            $(885)       $(880)
energy-related businesses                             601               527               461                74       66
total operating revenues             3,736             4,514             5,356             (778)                 (842)
$ change
other operation and maintenance (b)                              1,007             1,026            1,014               (19)                    12
energy-related businesses                                          573               512              450                 61                    62
total operating expenses             3,339             4,807            4,571            (1,468)                   236
(a)   includes the impact from energy-related economic activity. see "commodity price risk (non-trading) - economic activity" in note 17 to the financial statements for additional information.
(b)   2013 includes an impairment charge of $65 million ($39 million after-tax) for the corette coal-fired plant and related emission allowances. see note 16 to the financial statements for additional information.
(c)   see note 8 to the financial statements for additional information.
the changes in the results of the supply segment between these periods were due to the factors set forth below, which reflect amounts classified as unregulated gross energy margins and certain items that management considers special on separate lines within the table and not in their respective statement of income line items.  see below for additional detail of the special items.
other operation and maintenance                  (7)                42
·   see "margins - changes in non-gaap financial measures" for an explanation of unregulated gross energy margins.
·   higher other operation and maintenance in 2014 compared with 2013 primarily due to higher project expenses, including refueling outage expenses, at ppl susquehanna of $28 million, partially offset by the elimination of rent expense of $20 million associated with the colstrip lease which was terminated in december 2013.
lower other operation and maintenance in 2013 compared with 2012 primarily due to lower fossil and hydroelectric expenses of $27 million, largely driven by lower outage expenses in 2013 and lower pension expense of $11 million.
·   lower interest expense in 2014 compared with 2013 primarily due to the repayment of debt in july and december 2013.
·   lower income taxes in 2014 compared with 2013 due to lower pre-tax income, which reduced income taxes by $54 million, $16 million of lower taxes due to state tax rate changes and $12 million related to lower adjustments to valuation allowances on pennsylvania net operating losses.
lower income taxes in 2013 compared with 2012 due to lower pre-tax income, which reduced income taxes by $52 million, and $10 million related to the impact of prior period tax return adjustments, partially offset by $38 million of higher taxes due to state tax rate changes.
the following after-tax gains (losses), which management considers special items, also impacted the supply segment's results.
adjusted energy-related economic activity - net, net of tax of $4, $54, ($26)                                             (a)                                  $(6)       $(77)                  $38
impairments:
discontinued kerr dam project impairment, net of tax of $8, $0, $0 (b)                                     operations                           (10)
other income adjustments - nuclear decommissioning trust investments, net of tax of $0, $0, $(2)           (expense) - net                                                          2
other operation and other asset impairments, net of tax of $0, $0, $0                                             maintenance                                                            (1)
other operation and corette asset impairment, net of tax of $0, $26, $0 (c)                                       maintenance                                            (39)
spinoff of ppl energy supply:
other operation and separation benefits, net of tax of $6, $0, $0 (d)                                             maintenance                          (10)
other operation and transition costs, net of tax of $0, $0, $0                                                    maintenance                           (1)
change in tax accounting method related to repairs                                            income taxes                                            (3)
other operation and counterparty bankruptcy, net of tax of $0, $(1), $5 (e)                                       maintenance                                     1                      (6)
unregulated wholesale wholesale supply cost reimbursement, net of tax of $0, $0, $0                                 energy                                                                   1
other operation and ash basin leak remediation adjustment, net of tax of $0, $0, $(1)                             maintenance                                                              1
coal contract modification payments, net of tax of $0, $0, $12 (f)                            fuel                                                                  (17)
other operation and separation benefits - bargaining unit voluntary program, net of tax of $7, $0, $0 (g)         maintenance                          (10)
loss on colstrip operating lease termination, net of tax of $0, $284, $0 (h)                  loss on lease termination                             (413)
mechanical contracting and engineering revenue adjustment, net of tax of ($7), $0, $0 (i)     energy-related businesses              10
discontinued sale of montana hydroelectric generating facilities, net of tax of ($100), $0, $0 (j)         operations                            137
(a)   represents unrealized gains (losses), after-tax, on economic activity. see "commodity price risk (non-trading) - economic activity" in note 17 to the financial statements for additional information. amounts have been adjusted for insignificant amounts for option premiums.
(b)   in 2014, an arbitration panel issued its final decision holding that the conveyance price payable to ppl montana was $18 million. as a result, ppl energy supply determined the kerr dam project was impaired and recorded a pre-tax charge of $18 million. see note 16 to the financial statements for additional information.
(c)   in 2013, ppl energy supply determined its corette plant was impaired and recorded a pre-tax charge of $65 million for the plant and related emission allowances. see note 16 to the financial statements for additional information.
(d)   ppl energy supply recorded separation benefits related to the anticipated spinoff transaction. see note 8 to the financial statements for additional information.
(e)   in october 2011, a wholesale customer, smgt, filed for bankruptcy protection under chapter 11 of the u.s. bankruptcy code. in 2012, ppl energyplus recorded an additional allowance for unpaid amounts under the long-term power contract. in march 2012, the u.s. bankruptcy court for the district of montana approved the request to terminate the contract, effective april 1, 2012. in june 2013, ppl energyplus received an approval for an administrative claim in the amount of $2 million.
(f)   as a result of lower electricity and natural gas prices, coal-fired generation output decreased during 2012. contract modification payments were incurred to reduce 2012 and 2013 coal deliveries.
(g)   in 2014, ppl energy supply's largest ibew local ratified a new three-year labor agreement. in connection with the new agreement, bargaining unit one-time voluntary retirement benefits were recorded. see note 13 to the financial statements for additional information.
(h)   in september 2013, ppl montana executed a definitive agreement to sell to northwestern certain hydroelectric generating facilities located in montana. to facilitate the sale, ppl montana terminated its operating lease arrangement related to partial interests in units 1, 2 and 3 of the colstrip coal-fired electric generating facility in december 2013 and acquired those interests, collectively, for $271 million. at lease termination, the existing lease-related assets on the balance sheet were written off and the acquired colstrip assets were recorded at fair value as of the acquisition date. ppl and ppl energy supply recorded a pre-tax charge of $697 million for the termination of the lease. see note 8 to the financial statements for additional information.
(i)   in 2014, ppl and ppl energy supply recorded $17 million to "energy-related businesses" revenues on the 2014 statement of income related to prior periods and the timing of revenue recognition for a mechanical contracting and engineering subsidiary. see note 1 to the financial statements for additional information.
(j)   in november 2014, ppl montana completed the sale of 633 mw of hydroelectric generating facilities to northwestern. ppl energy supply recognized a pre-tax gain of $306 million ($206 million after-tax) as a result of the transaction. ppl recognized a pre-tax gain of $237 million ($137 million after-tax) as a result of the transaction, which reflects the allocation of $69 million of additional goodwill. see note 8 to the financial statements for additional information.
(k)   ppl energy supply's 2014 special items were $179 million and reflect the $206 million after-tax gain from the sale of the hydroelectric generating facilities discussed in footnote (j).
reconciliation of economic activity the following table reconciles unrealized pre-tax gains (losses) from the table within "commodity price risk (non-trading) - economic activity" in note 17 to the financial statements to the special item identified as "adjusted energy-related economic activity, net."
operating revenues unregulated wholesale energy             $325       $(721)                $(311)
operating expenses fuel                                     (27)               (4)             (14)
energy-related economic activity (a)                                                                              (127)              100
adjusted energy-related economic activity                                                        (10)             (131)               99
less: economic activity realized, associated with the monetization of certain full-requirement sales contracts in 2010                                                                  35
adjusted energy-related economic activity, net, pre-tax                                         $(10)       $(131)                   $64
adjusted energy-related economic activity, net, after-tax                                        $(6)       $(77)                    $38
(a)   see note 17 to the financial statements for additional information.
(b)   adjustment for the net deferral and amortization of option premiums over the delivery period of the item that was hedged or upon realization. option premiums are recorded in "unregulated wholesale energy" and "energy purchases" on the statements of income.
margins non-gaap financial measures management utilizes the following non-gaap financial measures as indicators of performance for its businesses.
·   "kentucky gross margins" is a single financial performance measure of the electricity generation, transmission and distribution operations of the kentucky regulated segment, lke, lg&amp;e and ku, as well as kentucky regulated segment's, lke's and lg&amp;e's distribution and sale of natural gas. in calculating this measure, fuel, energy purchases and certain variable costs of production (recorded as "other operation and maintenance" on the statements of income) are deducted from revenues. in addition, certain other expenses, recorded as "other operation and maintenance", "depreciation" and "taxes, other than income" on the statements of income, associated with approved cost recovery mechanisms are offset against the recovery of those expenses, which are included in revenues. these mechanisms allow for direct recovery of these expenses and, in some cases, returns on capital investments and performance incentives. as a result, this measure represents the net revenues from electricity and gas operations.
·   "pennsylvania gross delivery margins" is a single financial performance measure of the electricity delivery operations of the pennsylvania regulated segment and ppl electric, which includes transmission and distribution activities. in calculating this measure, utility revenues and expenses associated with approved recovery mechanisms, including energy provided as a plr, are offset with minimal impact on earnings. costs associated with these mechanisms are recorded in "energy purchases," "other operation and maintenance," which is primarily act 129 costs, and "taxes, other than income," which is primarily gross receipts tax. this performance measure includes plr energy purchases by ppl electric from ppl energyplus, which are reflected in "plr intersegment utility revenue (expense)" in the reconciliation table below (in "energy purchases from affiliate" in ppl electric's reconciliation table). as a result, this measure represents the net revenues from the pennsylvania regulated segment's and ppl electric's electricity delivery operations.
·   "unregulated gross energy margins" is a single financial performance measure of the competitive energy activities of the supply segment and ppl energy supply, which are managed on a geographic basis. in calculating this measure, energy revenues, including operating revenues associated with certain businesses classified as discontinued operations, are offset by the cost of fuel, energy purchases, certain other operation and maintenance expenses, primarily ancillary charges, gross receipts tax, recorded in "taxes, other than income," and operating expenses associated with certain businesses classified as discontinued operations. this performance measure is relevant due to the volatility in the individual revenue and expense lines on the statements of income that comprise "unregulated gross energy margins." this volatility stems from a number of factors, including the required netting of certain transactions with isos and significant fluctuations in unrealized gains and losses. such factors could result in gains or losses being recorded in either "unregulated wholesale energy," "unregulated retail energy" or "energy purchases" on the statements of income. this performance measure includes plr revenues from energy sales to ppl electric by ppl energyplus, which are reflected in "plr intersegment utility revenue (expense)" in the reconciliation table below (in "unregulated wholesale energy to affiliate" in ppl energy supply's reconciliation table). "unregulated gross energy margins" excludes adjusted energy-related economic activity, which includes the changes in fair value of positions used to economically hedge a portion of the economic value of the competitive generation assets, full-requirement sales contracts and retail activities. this economic value is subject to changes in fair value due to market price volatility of the input and output commodities (e.g., fuel and power) prior to the delivery period that was hedged. adjusted energy-related economic activity includes the ineffective portion of qualifying cash flow hedges and premium amortization associated with options. unrealized gains and losses related to this activity are deferred and included in "unregulated gross energy margins" over the delivery period of the item that was hedged or upon realization.
these measures are not intended to replace "operating income," which is determined in accordance with gaap, as an indicator of overall operating performance.  other companies may use different measures to analyze and report their results of operations.  management believes these measures provide additional useful criteria to make investment decisions.  these performance measures are used, in conjunction with other information, by senior management and ppl's board of directors to manage the operations, analyze actual results compared with budget and, in certain cases, to measure certain corporate financial goals used to determine variable compensation.
reconciliation of non-gaap financial measures the following tables contain the components from the statement of income that are included in the non-gaap financial measures and a reconciliation to ppl's "operating income" for the years ended december 31.
unregulated                                                                                        unregulated kentucky          pa gross              gross                                                      kentucky          pa gross              gross gross          delivery             energy                                   operating             gross          delivery             energy                                   operating margins           margins            margins               other (a)          income (b)           margins           margins            margins               other (a)          income (b)
operating revenues utility                                                   $3,168            $2,044                               $2,570   (c)              $7,782            $2,976            $1,870                               $2,355   (c)              $7,201
energy-related businesses                                                                                           670                       670                                                                      588                       588
total operating revenues             3,168             1,960              2,790             3,581                    11,499             2,976             1,819              4,689             2,237                    11,721
operating expenses fuel                                                         965                                1,169                27   (g)               2,161               896                                1,045                 3   (g)               1,944
other operation and maintenance                                        99               103                 22             2,579                     2,803                97                82                 20             2,580                     2,779
energy-related businesses                                                                           8               620                       628                                                      7               556                       563
total operating expenses             1,330               788              1,121             4,988                     8,227             1,216               765              2,854             4,608                     9,443
unregulated kentucky          pa gross              gross gross          delivery             energy                                   operating margins           margins            margins               other (a)          income (b)
operating revenues utility                                                 $2,759            $1,763                               $2,286   (c)              $6,808
energy-related businesses                                                                                         508                       508
total operating revenues             2,759             1,685              5,205             2,483                    12,132
operating expenses fuel                                                       872                                  931                34   (g)               1,837
other operation and maintenance                                      101               104                 19             2,567                     2,791
energy-related businesses                                                                                         484                       484
total operating expenses             1,219               745              3,191             3,951                     9,106
(b)   as reported on the statements of income.
(e)   includes energy-related economic activity, which is subject to fluctuations in value due to market price volatility. see "commodity price risk (non-trading) - economic activity" within note 17 to the financial statements. for 2012, "unregulated wholesale energy" and "energy purchases" include a net pre-tax loss of $35 million related to the monetization of certain full-requirement sales contracts.
(f)   although retail energy revenues continue to grow, the net margins related to these activities are not currently a significant component of unregulated gross energy margins.
(g)   includes economic activity related to fuel as described in "commodity price risk (non-trading) - economic activity" within note 17 to the financial statements. 2012 includes a net pre-tax loss of $29 million related to coal contract modification payments.
(h)   represents the revenues associated with the hydroelectric generating facilities located in montana that are classified as discontinued operations. these revenues are not reflected in "operating income" on the statements of income.
changes in non-gaap financial measures the following table shows the non-gaap financial measures by ppl's reportable segment and by component, as applicable, for the year ended december 31 as well as the change between periods.  the factors that gave rise to the changes are described following the table.
$ change
kentucky gross margins kentucky gross margins increased in 2014 compared with 2013, primarily due to returns on additional environmental capital investments of $55 million ($27 million at lg&e and $28 million at ku) and higher volumes of $13 million ($5 million at lg&e and $8 million at ku).  the change in volumes was driven by unusually cold weather in the first quarter of 2014.
kentucky gross margins increased in 2013 compared with 2012, primarily due to higher base rates of $102 million ($44 million at lg&e and $58 million at ku), environmental cost recoveries added to base rates of $53 million ($3 million at lg&e and $50 million at ku), returns from additional environmental capital investments of $34 million ($16 million at lg&e and $18 million at ku), higher fuel recoveries of $18 million ($7 million at lg&e and $11 million at ku) and higher volumes of $6 million ($9 million higher at ku, partially offset by $3 million lower at lg&e).
the increase in base rates was the result of new kpsc rates effective january 1, 2013 at lg&e and ku.  the environmental cost recoveries added to base rates were due to the transfer of the 2005 and 2006 ecr plans into base rates as a result of the 2012 kentucky rate cases for lg&e and ku.  this transfer results in depreciation and other operation and maintenance expenses associated with the 2005 and 2006 ecr plans being excluded from kentucky gross margins in 2013, although the recovery of such costs remain in kentucky gross margins through base rates.
pennsylvania gross delivery margins distribution distribution margins increased in 2014 compared with 2013, primarily due to an $18 million favorable effect of distribution improvement capital investments and a $12 million benefit from a change in estimate of a regulatory liability."
distribution margins increased in 2013 compared with 2012, primarily due to a $53 million favorable effect of price, largely comprised of higher base rates, effective january 1, 2013, a $15 million impact of weather, primarily due to the adverse effect of mild weather in 2012 and higher volumes of $5 million.
transmission transmission margins increased for both periods, primarily due to increased capital investments.
eastern margins decreased in 2014 compared with 2013, primarily due to lower baseload energy prices of $354 million and lower capacity prices of $34 million, partially offset by net gains on commodity positions of $75 million, favorable asset performance of $70 million, $38 million related to weather as discussed below and gas optimization of $26 million.
during the first quarter of 2014, the pjm region experienced unusually cold weather conditions, higher demand and congestion patterns causing rising natural gas and electricity prices in spot and near-term forward markets.  due to these market dynamics, ppl energy supply captured opportunities on unhedged generation, which were primarily offset by under hedged full-requirement sales contracts and retail electric.
eastern margins decreased in 2013 compared with 2012, primarily due to $435 million of lower baseload energy prices, partially offset by $198 million of higher capacity prices and $100 million of increased nuclear generation volume.
western margins decreased in 2013 compared with 2012, primarily due to $69 million of lower wholesale energy prices and $15 million of lower net economic availability of coal and hydroelectric units.
statement of income analysis --
line loss accrual adjustments (e)                            (20)                     (142)
foreign currency exchange rates                               142                      (27)
third-party engineering revenue                               (8)                        13
(a)   see "pennsylvania gross delivery margins" for further information.
(b)   see "kentucky gross margins" for further information.
(d)   the decrease in 2014 compared with 2013 was primarily due to the adverse effect of weather. the increase in 2013 compared with 2012 was primarily due to the favorable effect of weather.
(e)   the decrease in both periods was primarily due to unfavorable loss accrual adjustments in 2014 and 2013 based on ofgem's consultation documents on the dpcr4 line loss incentives and penalties and ofgem's final decision on this matter in march 2014. see note 6 to the financial statements for additional information.
certain operating revenues and expenses included in "margins"
the following statement of income line items are included above within "margins" and are not discussed separately.
energy-related businesses net contributions from energy-related businesses increased by $17 million in 2014 compared with 2013.  during 2014, ppl and ppl energy supply recorded a $17 million increase to "energy-related businesses" revenues on the statement of income related to prior periods and the timing of revenue recognition for a mechanical contracting and engineering subsidiary.  see note 1 to the financial statements for additional information.
other operation and maintenance
the increase (decrease) in other operation and maintenance was due to:
lke timing and scope of scheduled generation maintenance outages                                  $14                         $(21)
ppl electric vegetation management (b)                                                            (4)                            12
bargaining unit one-time voluntary retirement benefits (note 13)                                   20
separation benefits related to spinoff of ppl energy supply (note 8)                               36
network maintenance (g)                           3                32
third-party engineering                         (9)                12
separation benefits                             (4)              (11)
foreign currency exchange rates                  23               (4)
acquisition-related adjustments                  12               (8)
(a)   relates to expenses associated with ppl electric's puc-approved energy efficiency and conservation plan with programs starting in 2010. these expenses are recovered in customer rates. the decrease in 2013 compared with 2012 results from the number of programs and the timing of such programs. phase 1 of act 129 closed in may 2013. phase 2 programs began in june 2013.
(b)   the increase in 2013 compared with 2012 was due to increased activities related to maintaining and increasing system reliability for both the transmission and distribution systems.
(c)   the decrease in 2014 compared with 2013 was due to lower headcount, less maintenance work and more focus on capital projects in 2014.
(d)   the increase in 2014 compared with 2013 was due to more storm events. the 2012 expenses were unusually high due to hurricane sandy expenses.
(f)   the decrease in 2014 compared with 2013 was primarily due to a $65 million impairment charge in 2013 related to the corette plant and the elimination of $20 million of rent expense associated with the colstrip lease which was terminated in december 2013. the increase in 2013 compared with 2012 was primarily due to the $65 million impairment charge in 2013 related to the corette plant, partially offset by lower fossil and hydroelectric expenses of $24 million, largely driven by lower outage expenses in 2013. see note 16 to the financial statements for additional information on the corette plant impairment.
(g)   the increase in 2013 compared with 2012 was primarily due to vegetation management.
(h)   the decrease in 2014 compared with 2013 was primarily due to lower amortization of prior period losses and an increase in expected asset returns.
loss on lease termination a $697 million charge was recorded in 2013 for the termination of the colstrip operating lease to facilitate the sale of the montana hydroelectric generating facilities.  see note 8 to the financial statements for additional information.
adjustments to ppl montana assets (b)                                   (15)
foreign currency exchange rates                                           18               (3)
(a)   a result of the 2012 rate case.
(b)   lower depreciation expense in 2014 due to the impairment recorded at ppl montana for the corette plant and the write-down of assets in conjunction with the termination of the operating lease at the colstrip facility, both of which occurred in 2013.
state capital stock tax                               $(5)
foreign currency exchange rates                  10
economic foreign currency exchange contracts (note 17)                                            $159                                 $14
transaction costs related to spinoff of ppl energy supply (note 8)                                (19)
see note 15 to the financial statements for additional information.
other-than-temporary impairments other-than-temporary impairments decreased by $26 million in 2013 compared with 2012 primarily due to a $25 million pre-tax impairment of the eei investment in 2012.  see notes 1 and 16 to the financial statements for additional information.
hedging activities and ineffectiveness                                         (11)                 4
capitalized interest (b)                                                         12               (2)
net amortization of debt discounts, premiums and issuance costs                 (8)               (4)
loss on extinguishment of debt (c)                                              (1)                10
foreign currency exchange rates                                                  19               (4)
(a)   the increase in 2014 compared with 2013 was primarily due to debt issuances at wpd (west midlands) in october 2013, lg&amp;e and ku in november 2013 and ppl electric in june 2014 and july 2013. partially offsetting the increase was repayment of debt at ppl energy supply in july and december 2013.
the increase in 2013 compared with 2012 was primarily due to debt issuances at ppl capital funding in march 2013, june 2012 and october 2012, ppl electric in july 2013 and august 2012, and wpd (east midlands) in april 2012. partially offsetting the increase was the repayment of ppl energy supply debt in july 2013.
(b)   includes afudc. the increase in 2014 compared with 2013 was primarily due to the holtwood hydroelectric expansion project placed in service in november 2013.
(c)   in march 2014, a $9 million loss was recorded related to ppl capital funding's remarketing and debt exchange of the junior subordinated notes originally issued in april 2011 as a component of the 2011 equity units. in may 2013, a $10 million loss was recorded related to ppl capital funding's remarketing and exchange of the junior subordinate notes that were originally issued in june 2010 as a component of ppl's 2010 equity units.
change in pre-tax income at current period tax rates                             $420            $(310)
state valuation allowance adjustments (a)                                          31                11
state deferred tax rate change (b)                                               (16)                34
federal and state tax reserve adjustments (c)                                      42              (42)
federal and state tax return adjustments (d)                                        7              (21)
u.s. income tax on foreign earnings net of foreign tax credit (e)                  44              (17)
u.k. finance act adjustments (f)                                                   96              (22)
impact of lower u.k. income tax rates (f)                                        (17)              (16)
(a)   the valuation allowances recorded on ppl's state deferred tax assets primarily relate to pennsylvania net operating loss carryforwards. pennsylvania requires that each corporation file a separate income tax return and has significant annual limitations on the deduction for net operating loss carryforwards. currently, pennsylvania allows an annual maximum deduction equal to the greater of $4 million or 25% of taxable income. legislation enacted in 2013 increased the annual maximum deduction to the greater of $5 million or 30% of taxable income for tax years beginning in 2015.
as a result of the ppl energy supply spinoff announcement, ppl recorded $50 million of deferred income tax expense during 2014 to adjust the valuation allowance on deferred tax assets primarily for state net operating loss carryforwards that were previously supported by the earnings of ppl energy supply.
during 2013 and 2012, ppl recorded $24 million and $9 million of state deferred income tax expense related to a deferred tax valuation allowance primarily due to a decrease in projected future taxable income over the remaining carryforward period of pennsylvania net operating losses.
(b)   changes in state apportionment resulted in reductions to the future estimated state tax rate at december 31, 2014 and 2012, and an increase to the future estimated state tax rate at december 31, 2013. ppl recorded an insignificant deferred tax benefit in 2014, a $15 million deferred tax expense in 2013 and a $19 million deferred tax benefit in 2012 related to its state deferred tax liabilities.
(c)   in may 2013, the u.s. supreme court reversed the december 2011 ruling, by the u.s. court of appeals for the third circuit, concerning the creditability of u.k. windfall profits tax for u.s. federal income tax purposes. as a result of this decision, ppl recorded a tax benefit of $44 million during 2013. see note 5 to the financial statements for additional information.
ppl recorded a tax benefit of $7 million during 2013 and $6 million during 2012 to federal and state income tax reserves related to stranded cost securitization. the reserve balance at december 31, 2013 related to stranded costs securitization was zero.
(d)   during 2012, ppl recorded $16 million in federal and state income tax expense related to the filing of the 2011 federal and state income tax returns. of this amount, $5 million relates to the reversal of prior years' state income tax benefits related to regulated depreciation. ppl changed its method of accounting for repair expenditures for tax purposes effective for its 2008 tax year.
(e)   during 2014, ppl recorded $47 million of income tax expense primarily attributable to taxable dividends.
during 2013, ppl recorded $28 million income tax expense resulting from increased taxable dividends offset by a $19 million income tax benefit associated with a ruling obtained from the irs impacting the recalculation of 2010 u.k. earnings and profits that was reflected on an amended 2010 u.s. tax return.
during 2012, ppl recorded a $23 million adjustment to federal income tax expense related to the recalculation of 2010 u.k. earnings and profits.
(f)   the u.k.'s finance act 2013, enacted in july 2013, reduced the u.k. statutory income tax rate from 23% to 21% effective april 1, 2014 and from 21% to 20% effective april 1, 2015. as a result, ppl reduced its net deferred tax liabilities and recognized a $97 million deferred tax benefit in 2013 related to both rate decreases.
the u.k.'s finance act 2012, enacted in july 2012, reduced the u.k. statutory income tax rate from 25% to 24% retroactive to april 1, 2012 and from 24% to 23% effective april 1, 2013. as a result, ppl reduced its net deferred tax liabilities and recognized a $75 million deferred tax benefit in 2012 related to both rate decreases.
see note 5 to the financial statements for additional information on income taxes.
income (loss) from discontinued operations (net of income taxes)
income (loss) from discontinued operations (net of income taxes) primarily includes the results of operations of the montana hydroelectric generating facilities for all periods presented.  see "discontinued operations - montana hydro sale" in note 8 to the financial statements for additional information.  income (loss) from discontinued operations (net of income taxes) increased by $120 million in 2014 compared with 2013 primarily due to the gain on the sale of the montana hydroelectric generating facilities, and decreased by $6 million in 2013 compared with 2012 primarily due to lower energy margins due to lower energy prices.
ppl energy supply:  earnings, margins and statement of income analysis earnings
excluding special items, earnings in 2014 compared with 2013 decreased, primarily due to lower margins resulting from lower energy and capacity prices, partially offset by favorable baseload asset performance, gains on certain commodity positions, net benefits of unusually cold weather in the first quarter of 2014 and lower financing costs.
excluding special items, earnings in 2013 compared with 2012 decreased, primarily due to lower baseload energy prices and higher depreciation, partially offset by higher capacity prices, higher nuclear generation volume and lower operation and maintenance expense.
the table below quantifies the changes in the components of net income (loss) attributable to ppl energy supply member between these periods, which reflect amounts classified as unregulated gross energy margins and certain items that management considers special on separate lines within the table and not in their respective statement of income line items.  see ppl's results of operations - segment earnings - supply segment for the details of special items.
other operation and maintenance                  (7)                25
"unregulated gross energy margins" is a non-gaap financial performance measure that management utilizes as an indicator of the performance of its business.  see ppl's "results of operations - margins" for information on why management believes this measure is useful and for explanations of the underlying drivers of the changes between periods.
the following tables contain the components from the statements of income that are included in this non-gaap financial measure and a reconciliation to "operating income" for the years ended december 31.
unregulated                                                     unregulated gross energy                                  operating         gross energy                                  operating margins               other (a)         income (b)              margins               other (a)         income (b)
operating revenues unregulated wholesale energy                                       $1,490              $318   (c)             $1,808               $3,623            $(714)   (c)             $2,909
energy-related businesses                                                               601                      601                                    527                      527
total operating revenues                        2,790               946                    3,736                4,689             (175)                    4,514
operating expenses fuel                                                                1,169                27   (e)              1,196                1,045                 4   (e)              1,049
other operation and maintenance                                        22               985                    1,007                   20             1,006                    1,026
energy-related businesses                                               8               565                      573                    7               505                      512
total operating expenses                        1,121             2,218                    3,339                2,854             1,953                    4,807
unregulated gross energy                                operating margins             other (a)         income (b)
operating revenues unregulated wholesale energy                                  $4,266          $(290)   (c)             $3,976
energy-related businesses                                                        448                      448
total operating revenues                   5,205             141                    5,346
unregulated gross energy                                  operating margins               other (a)         income (b)
operating expenses fuel                                                                931                34   (e)                965
other operation and maintenance                                      19               978                      997
energy-related businesses                                                             432                      432
total operating expenses                        3,191             1,351                    4,542
(b)   as reported on the statements of income.
(c)   includes energy-related economic activity, which is subject to fluctuations in value due to market price volatility. see "commodity price risk (non-trading) - economic activity" within note 17 to the financial statements. for 2012, "unregulated wholesale energy" and "energy purchases" include a net pre-tax loss of $35 million related to the monetization of certain full-requirement sales contracts.
(d)   although retail energy revenues continue to grow, the net margins related to these activities are not currently a significant component of unregulated gross energy margins.
(e)   includes economic activity related to fuel as described in "commodity price risk (non-trading) - economic activity" within note 17 to the financial statements. 2012 includes a net pre-tax loss of $29 million related to coal contract modification payments.
(f)   represents the revenues associated with the hydroelectric generating facilities located in montana that are classified as discontinued operations. these revenues are not reflected in "operating income" on the statements of income.
statement of income analysis --
certain operating revenues and expenses included in "margins"
the following statement of income line items are included above within "margins" and are not discussed separately.
energy-related businesses net contributions from energy-related businesses increased by $13 million in 2014 compared with 2013.  during 2014, ppl energy supply recorded a $17 million increase to "energy-related businesses" revenues on the statement of income related to prior periods and the timing of revenue recognition for a mechanical contracting and engineering subsidiary.  see note 1 to the financial statements for additional information.
other operation and maintenance the increase (decrease) in other operation and maintenance was due to:
bargaining unit one-time voluntary retirement benefits (note 13)                       17
separation benefits related to spinoff of ppl energy supply (note 8)                   16
(a)   the decrease in 2014 compared with 2013 was primarily due to a $65 million impairment charge in 2013 related to the corette plant and the elimination of $20 million of rent expense associated with the colstrip lease which was terminated in december 2013. the increase in 2013 compared with 2012 was primarily due to the $65 million impairment charge in 2013 related to the corette plant, partially offset by lower fossil and hydroelectric expenses of $24 million, largely driven by lower outage expenses in 2013. see note 16 to the financial statements for additional information on the corette plant impairment.
(c)   the decrease in 2013 compared with 2012 was primarily due to smgt filing under chapter 11 of the u.s. bankruptcy code. $11 million of receivables billed to smgt were fully reserved in 2012.
loss on lease termination a $697 million charge was recorded in 2013 for the termination of the colstrip operating lease to facilitate the sale of the montana hydroelectric generating facilities.  see note 8 to the financial statements for additional information.
depreciation depreciation decreased by $2 million in 2014 compared with 2013, primarily due to decreases of $15 million from the impairment recorded at ppl montana for the corette plant and the write-down of assets in conjunction with the termination of the operating lease at the colstrip facility, both of which occurred in 2013.  these decreases were partially offset by increases of $13 million from pp&e additions in part due to the completed ppl holtwood project in 2013.  see note 16 to the financial statements for additional information on the corette impairment and note 8 to the financial statements for information on the colstrip operating lease termination.
taxes, other than income taxes, other than income increased by $4 million in 2014 compared with 2013 due to an $8 million increase in state gross receipts tax offset by a $4 million decrease in state capital stock tax.
other income (expense) - net other income (expense) - net decreased by $2 million in 2014 compared with 2013 and increased by $13 million in 2013 compared with 2012.  the decrease in 2014 compared with 2013 resulted from 2013 including a gain of $8 million related to adjustments to liabilities for a ppl energy supply former mining subsidiary partially offset by a $5 million increase in 2014 in net earnings on ndt funds.  the increase in 2013 compared with 2012 primarily related to the former mining subsidiary's gains discussed above.
capitalized interest (b)                                                         14                 2
net amortization of debt discounts, premiums and issuance costs                 (4)               (1)
(a)   the decrease in 2014 compared with 2013 was primarily due to the repayment of debt in july and december 2013.
(b)   the increase in 2014 compared with 2013 was primarily due to the holtwood hydroelectric expansion project placed in service in november 2013.
change in pre-tax income at current period tax rates              $298            $(439)
state deferred tax rate change (a)                                (16)                34
federal and state tax reserve adjustments (c)                      (6)                 8
(a)   changes in state apportionment resulted in reductions to the future estimated state tax rate at december 31, 2014 and 2012, and an increase to the future estimated state tax rate at december 2013. ppl energy supply recorded an insignificant deferred tax benefit in 2014, a $15 million deferred tax expense in 2013, and a $19 million deferred tax benefit in 2012 related to its state deferred tax liabilities.
(b)   during 2013 and 2012, ppl energy supply recorded deferred tax benefits related to investment tax credits on progress expenditures for the holtwood hydroelectric plant expansion. see note 8 to the financial statements for additional information.
(c)   during 2013, ppl energy supply reversed $3 million in tax benefits related to a 2008 change in method of accounting for certain expenditures for tax purposes and recorded $4 million in federal tax expense related to differences in over (under) payment interest rates applied to audit claims as a result of the u.s. supreme court decision related to windfall profits tax.
see note 5 to the financial statements for additional information on income taxes.
income (loss) from discontinued operations (net of income taxes)
income (loss) from discontinued operations (net of income taxes) primarily includes the results of operations of the montana hydroelectric generating facilities for all periods presented.  see "discontinued operations - montana hydro sale" in note 8 to the financial statements for additional information.  income (loss) from discontinued operations (net of income taxes) increased by $191 million in 2014 compared with 2013 primarily due to the gain on the sale of the montana hydroelectric generating facilities, and decreased by $14 million in 2013 compared with 2012 primarily due to lower energy margins due to lower energy prices.
ppl electric:  earnings, margins and statement of income analysis earnings
excluding a special item, pre-tax earnings in 2014 compared with 2013 increased, primarily due to returns on additional transmission and distribution improvement capital investments, lower other operation and maintenance expense and a benefit from a change in estimate of a regulatory liability, partially offset by higher interest expense and depreciation.
pre-tax earnings in 2013 compared with 2012 increased, primarily due to higher distribution base rates that became effective january 1, 2013, returns on additional transmission capital investments, and lower operation and maintenance expense due to lower storm costs, partially offset by higher depreciation.
the table below quantifies the changes in the components of net income available to ppl between these periods, which reflect amounts classified as pennsylvania gross delivery margins and a certain item that management considers special on separate lines within the table and not in their respective statement of income line items.  see ppl's results of operations - segment earnings - pennsylvania regulated segment for details of the special item.
other operation and maintenance                    13                23
"pennsylvania gross delivery margins" is a non-gaap financial performance measure that management utilizes as an indicator of the performance of its business.  see ppl's "results of operations - margins" for information on why management believes this measure is useful and for explanations of the underlying drivers of the changes between periods.
the following tables contain the components from the statements of income that are included in this non-gaap financial measure and a reconciliation to "operating income."
pa gross                                                 pa gross delivery                               operating         delivery                               operating margins            other (a)         income (b)          margins            other (a)         income (b)
operating revenues                                              $2,044                                  $2,044           $1,870                                  $1,870
operating expenses energy purchases                                             587                                     587              588                                     588
other operation and maintenance                                        103           $440                      543               82           $449                      531
total operating expenses                 872            634                    1,506              816            635                    1,451
pa gross delivery                               operating margins            other (a)         income (b)
operating revenues                                              $1,763                                  $1,763
operating expenses energy purchases                                             550                                     550
other operation and maintenance                                        104           $472                      576
total operating expenses                 823            646                    1,469
(b)   as reported on the statements of income.
statement of income analysis --
certain operating revenues and expenses included in "pennsylvania gross delivery margins"
the following statement of income line items are included above within "pennsylvania gross delivery margins" and are not discussed separately.
operating revenues                           $174              $107
other operation and maintenance the increase (decrease) in other operation and maintenance was due to:
vegetation management (b)                                                      (4)                12
allocation of certain corporate support group costs                              7              (10)
bargaining unit one-time voluntary retirement benefits (note 13)                 3
(a)   relates to expenses associated with ppl electric's puc-approved energy efficiency and conservation plan with programs starting in 2010. these expenses are recovered in customer rates. the decrease in 2013 compared with 2012 results from the number of programs and the timing of such programs. phase 1 of act 129 closed in may 2013. phase 2 programs began in june 2013.
(b)   the increase in 2013 compared with 2012 was due to increased activities related to maintaining and increasing system reliability for both the transmission and distribution systems.
(c)   the decrease in 2014 compared with 2013 was due to lower headcount, less maintenance work and more focus on capital projects in 2014.
(d)   the increase in 2014 compared with 2013 was due to more storm events. the 2012 expenses were unusually high due to hurricane sandy expenses.
depreciation depreciation increased by $7 million in 2014 compared with 2013, and by $18 million in 2013 compared with 2012, primarily due to transmission pp&e additions as well as additions related to the ongoing efforts to ensure the reliability of the delivery system and the replacement of aging infrastructure.
(b)   the decrease in 2013 compared with 2012 was due to the june 2012 redemption of all 2.5 million shares of preference stock.
change in pre-tax income at current period tax rates               $44               $47
federal and state tax reserve adjustments (a)                        8               (1)
federal and state tax return adjustments                             2               (8)
(a)   ppl electric recorded a tax benefit of $7 million during 2013 and $6 million during 2012 to federal and state income tax reserves related to stranded costs securitization. the reserve balance at december 31, 2013 related to stranded costs securitization was zero.
see note 5 to the financial statements for additional information on income taxes.
lke:  earnings, margins and statement of income analysis earnings
earnings in 2014 compared with 2013 decreased primarily due to higher operation and maintenance expense driven by the timing and scope of scheduled generation maintenance outages, higher bad debt expense, storm-related expenses, higher financing costs and higher depreciation expense partially offset by returns on additional environmental capital investments and higher sales volumes.  the changes in sales volumes were driven by unusually cold weather in the first quarter of 2014.
excluding special items, earnings in 2013 compared with 2012 increased primarily due to higher electricity and gas base rates that went into effect january 1, 2013 and returns on additional environmental capital investments.
the table below quantifies the changes in the components of net income between these periods, which reflect amounts classified as margins and certain items that management considers special on separate lines within the table and not in their respective statement of income line items.  see ppl's "results of operations - segment earnings - kentucky regulated segment" for details of the special items.
other operation and maintenance              (35)               (5)
"margins" is a non-gaap financial performance measure that management utilizes as an indicator of the performance of its business.  see ppl's "results of operations - margins" for an explanation of why management believes this measure is useful and the underlying drivers of the changes between periods.  within ppl's discussion, lke's margins are referred to as "kentucky gross margins."
the following tables contain the components from the statements of income that are included in this non-gaap financial measure and a reconciliation to "operating income."
operating                                             operating margins         other (a)         income (b)          margins         other (a)         income (b)
operating revenues                                              $3,168                               $3,168           $2,976                               $2,976
operating expenses fuel                                                         965                                  965              896                                  896
other operation and maintenance                               99              $716                815               97              $681                778
total operating expenses               1,330             1,109              2,439            1,216             1,057              2,273
operating margins         other (a)         income (b)
operating revenues                                              $2,759                               $2,759
operating expenses fuel                                                         872                                  872
other operation and maintenance                              101              $677                778
total operating expenses               1,219             1,018              2,237
(b)   as reported on the statements of income.
statement of income analysis --
certain operating revenues and expenses included in "margins"
the following statement of income line items and their related increase (decrease) are included above within "margins" and are not discussed separately.
operating revenues              $192              $217
other operation and maintenance
the increase (decrease) in other operation and maintenance was due to:
timing and scope of scheduled generation maintenance outages                          $14                $(21)
gas maintenance                                                                         3
(a)   the increase in 2013 compared with 2012 was primarily due to $9 million of higher expenses related to software maintenance and property and liability insurance expenses, $6 million of increased generation expenses and $4 million of adjustments to regulatory assets and liabilities.
(a)      a result of the 2012 rate case.
other income (expense) - net other income (expense) - net increased by $8 million in 2013 compared with 2012 primarily due to losses from the eei investment recorded in 2012.  the eei investment was fully impaired in the fourth quarter of 2012.
other-than-temporary impairments other-than-temporary impairments decreased by $25 million in 2013 compared with 2012 due to a $25 million pre-tax impairment of the eei investment in 2012.  see notes 1 and 16 to the financial statements for additional information.
interest expense interest expense increased by $22 million in 2014 compared with 2013 primarily due to the issuance of $500 million of first mortgage bonds in november 2013 and higher short-term debt balances in 2014.
interest expense decreased by $6 million in 2013 compared with 2012 primarily due to amortization of a fair market value adjustment of $7 million in 2013.
change in pre-tax income                                                  $1                        $86
net operating loss carryforward adjustments (a)                                                       9
(a)   adjustments recorded in 2012 to deferred taxes related to net operating loss carryforwards based on income tax return adjustments.
income (loss) from discontinued operations (net of income taxes)
income (loss) from discontinued operations (net of income taxes) increased by $8 million in 2013 compared with 2012 primarily due to an adjustment in 2012 to the estimated liability for indemnifications related to the termination of the wke lease.
lg&e:  earnings, margins and statement of income analysis earnings
earnings in 2014 compared with 2013 increased primarily due to returns on additional environmental capital investments and higher sales volume partially offset by higher operation and maintenance driven by storm-related expenses, financing costs, depreciation and income tax expense.  the changes in sales volume were driven by unusually cold weather in the first quarter of 2014.
earnings in 2013 compared with 2012 increased primarily due to higher electricity and gas base rates that went into effect january 1, 2013 and returns on additional environmental capital investments.
the table below quantifies the changes in the components of net income between these periods, which reflect amounts classified as margins within the table and not in their respective statement of income line items.
other operation and maintenance               (4)              (10)
"margins" is a non-gaap financial performance measure that management utilizes as an indicator of the performance of its business.  see ppl's "results of operations - margins" for an explanation of why management believes this measure is useful and the underlying drivers of the changes between periods.  within ppl's discussion, lg&e's margins are included in "kentucky gross margins."
the following tables contain the components from the statements of income that are included in this non-gaap financial measure and a reconciliation to "operating income."
operating                                          operating margins        other (a)         income (b)        margins        other (a)         income (b)
operating revenues                                            $1,533                              $1,533         $1,410                              $1,410
operating expenses fuel                                                       404                                 404            367                                 367
other operation and maintenance                             47             $332                379             45             $328                373
total operating expenses               700              509              1,209            619              498              1,117
operating margins        other (a)         income (b)
operating revenues                                            $1,324                              $1,324
operating expenses fuel                                                       374                                 374
other operation and maintenance                             45             $318                363
total operating expenses               597              490              1,087
(b)   as reported on the statements of income.
statement of income analysis --
certain operating revenues and expenses included in "margins"
the following statement of income line items and their related increase (decrease) are included above within "margins" and are not discussed separately.
other operation and maintenance
the increase (decrease) in other operation and maintenance was due to:
gas maintenance                                           3
(a)   the increase in 2013 compared with 2012 was primarily due to $6 million of higher expenses related to software maintenance and property and liability insurance expenses.
(a)      a result of the 2012 rate case.
interest expense interest expense increased by $15 million in 2014 compared with 2013 primarily due to the issuance of $250 million of first mortgage bonds in november 2013 and amortization of a fair market value adjustment of $7 million in 2013.
interest expense decreased by $8 million in 2013 compared with 2012 primarily due to amortization of a fair market value adjustment of $7 million in 2013.
income taxes income taxes increased by $9 million in 2014 compared with 2013 and increased by $25 million in 2013 compared with 2012 primarily due to the change in pre-tax income.
see note 5 to the financial statements for additional information on income taxes.
ku:  earnings, margins and statement of income analysis earnings
excluding special items, earnings in 2014 compared with 2013 decreased primarily due to higher other operation and maintenance expense driven by the timing and scope of scheduled generation maintenance outages, higher financing costs and higher depreciation expense partially offset by returns on additional environmental capital investments and higher sales volumes.  the changes in sales volumes were driven by unusually cold weather in the first quarter of 2014.
excluding special items, earnings in 2013 compared with 2012 increased primarily due to higher electricity base rates that went into effect january 1, 2013 and returns on additional environmental capital investments.
the table below quantifies the changes in the components of net income between these periods, which reflect amounts classified as margins and certain items that management considers special on separate lines within the table and not in their respective statement of income line items.  see ppl's "results of operations - segment earnings - kentucky regulated segment" for details of these special items.
other operation and maintenance              (26)               (1)
"margins" is a non-gaap financial performance measure that management utilizes as an indicator of the performance of its business.  see ppl's "results of operations - margins" for an explanation of why management believes this measure is useful and the underlying drivers of the changes between periods.  within ppl's discussion, ku's margins are included in "kentucky gross margins."
the following tables contain the components from the statements of income that are included in this non-gaap financial measure and a reconciliation to "operating income."
operating                                          operating margins        other (a)         income (b)        margins        other (a)         income (b)
operating revenues                                            $1,737                              $1,737         $1,635                              $1,635
operating expenses fuel                                                       561                                 561            529                                 529
other operation and maintenance                             52             $356                408             52             $330                382
total operating expenses               732              572              1,304            666              536              1,202
operating margins        other (a)         income (b)
operating revenues                                            $1,524                              $1,524
operating expenses fuel                                                       498                                 498
other operation and maintenance                             55             $329                384
total operating expenses               711              496              1,207
(b)   as reported on the statements of income.
statement of income analysis --
certain operating revenues and expenses included in "margins"
the following statement of income line items and their related increase (decrease) are included above within "margins" and are not discussed separately.
other operation and maintenance
the increase (decrease) in other operation and maintenance was due to:
timing and scope of scheduled generation maintenance outages                          $14                $(21)
(a)   the increase in 2013 compared with 2012 was primarily due to $7 million of higher expenses related to software maintenance and property and liability insurance expenses, $7 million of increased generation expenses and $4 million of adjustments to regulatory assets and liabilities.
(a)   a result of the 2012 rate case.
other income (expense) - net other income (expense) - net increased by $5 million in 2013 compared with 2012 primarily due to losses from the eei investment recorded in 2012.  the eei investment was fully impaired in the fourth quarter of 2012.
other-than-temporary impairments other-than-temporary impairments decreased by $25 million in 2013 compared with 2012 due to a $25 million pre-tax impairment of the eei investment in 2012.  see notes 1 and 16 to the financial statements for additional information.
interest expense interest expense increased by $7 million in 2014 compared with 2013 primarily due to the issuance of $250 million of first mortgage bonds in november 2013.
income taxes income taxes increased by $54 million in 2013 compared with 2012 primarily due to the change in pre-tax income.
see note 5 to the financial statements for additional information on income taxes.
financial condition the remainder of this item 7 in this form 10-k is presented on a combined basis, providing information, as applicable, for all registrants.
liquidity and capital resources
the registrants' cash flows from operations and access to cost effective bank and capital markets are subject to risks and uncertainties.  see "item 1a. risk factors" for a discussion of risks and uncertainties that could affect the registrants' cash flows.
(a)   at december 31, 2014, $285 million of cash and cash equivalents were denominated in gbp. if these amounts would be remitted as dividends, ppl would not anticipate a material incremental u.s. tax cost. historically, dividends paid by foreign subsidiaries have been limited to distributions of the current year's earnings. see note 5 to the financial statements for additional information on undistributed earnings of wpd.
net cash provided by (used in) operating, investing and financing activities for the years ended december 31 and the changes between periods were as follows.
operating activities          $3,403          $462             $613           $999           $371         $566
operating activities          $2,857          $410             $523           $920           $366         $495
operating activities          $2,764          $784             $389           $744           $305         $500
2014 vs. 2013 change operating activities            $546           $52              $90            $79             $5          $71
2013 vs. 2012 change operating activities             $93        $(374)             $134           $176            $61         $(5)
operating activities the components of the change in cash provided by (used in) operating activities were as follows.
change - cash provided (used):
working capital                        440          (46)             7        (129)          (65)        (96)
defined benefit plan funding           144            78            70          123            35          60
other operating activities           (166)            37            12        (118)          (62)        (51)
change - cash provided (used):
working capital                      (332)            65            12         (31)            12        (15)
defined benefit plan funding            44          (38)          (34)         (98)          (21)        (44)
other operating activities             236          (10)            52           87            60          31
a significant portion of ppl's supply segment and ppl energy supply's operating cash flows is derived from its competitive baseload generation activities.  see note 8 to the financial statements for information on the anticipated spinoff of ppl energy supply, expected to occur during the second quarter of 2015.  ppl energy supply employs a formal hedging program for its baseload generation fleet, the objective of which is to provide a reasonable level of near-term cash flow and earnings certainty while preserving upside potential over the medium term to benefit from power price increases.  see note 17 to the financial statements for further discussion.  despite ppl energy supply's hedging practices, future cash flows from operating activities are influenced by energy and capacity prices and, therefore, will fluctuate from period to period.
ppl's and ppl energy supply's contracts for the sale and purchase of electricity and fuel often require cash collateral or cash equivalents (e.g. letters of credit), or reductions or terminations of a portion of the entire contract through cash settlement, in the event of a downgrade of ppl's or its subsidiaries' or ppl energy supply's or its subsidiaries' credit ratings or adverse changes in market prices.  for example, in addition to limiting its trading ability, if ppl's or its subsidiaries' ratings were lowered to below "investment grade" or a further downgrade of ppl energy supply's or its subsidiaries' credit ratings and there was a 10% adverse movement in energy prices, ppl and ppl energy supply estimate that, based on their december 31, 2014 positions, they would have been required to post additional collateral of approximately $427 million for ppl and approximately $321 million for ppl energy supply with respect to electricity and fuel contracts.  ppl and ppl energy supply had adequate liquidity sources at december 31, 2014 if they would have been required to post this additional collateral.  ppl and ppl energy supply have in place risk management programs that are designed to monitor and manage exposure to volatility of cash flows related to changes in energy and fuel prices, interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, counterparty credit quality and the operating performance of generating units.
ppl had a $546 million increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2014 compared with 2013.
·   net income improved by $606 million between the periods. however, this included an additional $478 million of net non-cash benefits, including a $426 million charge in 2013 to terminate the operating lease arrangement for interests in the colstrip facility in montana and acquire the previously leased interests, a $411 million decrease in unrealized losses on hedging activities, and a $246 million pre-tax gain in 2014 on the sale of the montana hydroelectric generation facilities. these non-cash benefits were partially offset by a $568 million increase in deferred income tax expense. the net $128 million increase from net income and non-cash adjustments in 2014 compared with 2013 reflects the $271 million payment in december 2013, to terminate the operating lease arrangement for interests in the colstrip facility in montana and acquire the previously leased interests, partially offset by a decline in unregulated gross energy margins in 2014.
·   the $440 million increase in cash from changes in working capital was partially due to an increase in taxes payable (primarily due to increased taxable income in 2014), a change in uncertain tax positions between the periods, lower returns of counterparty collateral and changes in accounts receivable and unbilled revenue.
·   the $166 million decrease in cash from other operating activities was partially due to net proceeds of $104 million for settlement in 2013 of forward starting interest rate swaps.
ppl had a $93 million increase in cash from operating activities in 2013 compared with 2012.
·   net income declined by $400 million between the periods, but included net non-cash charges of $545 million. these net non-cash charges included a charge of $426 million in 2013 to terminate the operating lease arrangement for interests in the colstrip facility in montana and acquire the previously leased interests, $209 million of higher unrealized losses on hedging activities and $135 million of changes to the wpd line loss accrual. these non-cash charges were partially offset by a $352 million decrease in deferred income taxes. the net $145 million increase from net income and non-cash adjustments between the periods was primarily due to higher revenues and margins from regulated utility operations, partially offset by the $271 million payment in december 2013 to terminate the operating lease arrangement for interests in the colstrip facility and acquire the previously leased interests and lower unregulated gross energy margins.
·   the $332 million decrease in cash from changes in working capital was primarily due to increases in accounts receivable (primarily due to extended payment terms at lg&amp;e and ku, higher rates and colder weather in 2013 at lg&amp;e, ku and ppl electric and increases at ppl energy supply's mechanical contracting business) and changes to certain tax-related accounts.
·   the $236 million increase in cash provided by other operating activities was partially due to net proceeds of $104 million for settlement in 2013 of forward starting interest rate swaps.
ppl energy supply had a $52 million increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2014 compared with 2013.
·   net income improved by $639 million between the periods, however, this included an additional $656 million of net non-cash benefits, including a $315 million pre-tax gain in 2014 on the sale of the montana hydroelectric generation facilities, a $426 million charge in 2013 to terminate the operating lease arrangement for interests in the montana colstrip facility and acquire the previously leased interests, and $167 million of lower unrealized losses on hedging activities. these non-cash benefits were partially offset by a $270 million decrease in deferred income tax benefits. the net $17 million decline from net income and non-cash adjustments in 2014 compared with 2013 reflects lower unregulated gross energy margins, higher operation and maintenance expenses and other factors. cash provided by operating activities in 2014 included a $176 million payment to ppl in november 2014 to satisfy the tax liability related to the gain on the sale of the ppl montana hydroelectric facilities. cash provided by operating activities in 2013 included a $271 million payment in december in connection with terminating the operating lease arrangement for interests in the montana colstrip facility and acquiring the previously leased interests.
ppl energy supply had a $374 million decrease in cash from operating activities in 2013 compared with 2012.  net income declined by $704 million between the periods, but included net non-cash charges of $313 million.  these net non-cash charges included a charge of $426 million in 2013 to terminate the operating lease arrangement for interests in the montana colstrip facility and acquire the previously leased interests associated with the lease termination, $212 million of higher unrealized losses on hedging activities, and a $65 million charge in 2013 for the impairment of the corette facility.  these non-cash charges were partially offset by a $448 million decline in deferred income taxes.  the net $391 million decline from net income and non-cash adjustments in 2013 compared with 2012 was primarily due to a $271 million payment in december 2013, also in connection with terminating the operating lease arrangement for interests in the montana colstrip facility and acquiring the previously leased interests.  the decrease in cash between the periods also reflects lower unregulated gross energy margins in 2013 compared with 2012.
ppl electric had a $90 million increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2014 compared with 2013.
·   net income improved by $54 million between the periods. however, this included an additional $53 million of net non-cash benefits, primarily due to a decrease in deferred income tax expense.
ppl electric had a $134 million increase in cash from operating activities in 2013 compared with 2012.
·   net income improved by $73 million between the periods and included net non-cash charges of $31 million. the $104 million increase in cash in 2013 versus 2012 was primarily due to higher distribution base rates that became effective january 1, 2013 and higher transmission margins from additional capital investments.
·   the $52 million increase in cash from other operating activities was partially due to changes in certain tax-related accounts.
lke had a $79 million increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2014 compared with 2013.
·   lke's non-cash components of net income included a $195 million increase in deferred income taxes primarily due to an increase in accelerated tax depreciation over book depreciation as a result of additional assets in service in 2014.
·   the decrease in cash from working capital was driven primarily by an increase in income tax receivable and a decrease of income tax payable from ppl as a result of the use of excess tax depreciation deductions, and an increase in inventory due to increased coal purchases in anticipation of a cold december similar to that of 2013, partially offset by decreases in accounts receivable and unbilled revenues due to extended payment terms, higher rates and colder december weather in 2013.
·   the decrease in cash from lke's other operating activities was driven primarily by $86 million in proceeds from the settlement of interest rate swaps received in 2013.
lke had a $176 million increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2013 compared with 2012.
·   lke's non-cash components of net income included a $121 million increase in deferred income taxes primarily due to utilization of net operating losses.
·   the decrease in cash from working capital was driven primarily by increases in accounts receivable and unbilled revenues due to extended payment terms, higher rates and colder december weather in 2013, offset by an increase in accounts payable due to timing of fuel purchase commitments and payments.
·   the increase in cash from lke's other operating activities was driven primarily by $86 million in proceeds from the settlement of interest rate swaps.
lg&e had a $5 million increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2014 compared with 2013.
·   lg&amp;e's non-cash components of net income included a $92 million increase in deferred income taxes primarily due to an increase in accelerated tax depreciation over book depreciation as a result of additional assets in service in 2014.
·   the decrease in cash from working capital was driven primarily by an increase in income tax receivable from lke as a result of the use of excess tax depreciation deductions, and an increase in accounts receivable from affiliates, partially offset by decreases in accounts receivable and unbilled revenues due to extended payment terms, higher rates and colder december weather in 2013.
·   the decrease in cash from lg&amp;e's other operating activities was driven primarily by $43 million in proceeds from the settlement of interest rate swaps received in 2013.
lg&e had a $61 million increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2013 compared with 2012.
·   the increase in cash from working capital was driven primarily by an increase in accounts payable due to timing of fuel purchase commitments and payments and an increase in accrued taxes due to decreased payments for property taxes in 2013, partially offset by increases in accounts receivable and unbilled revenues due to extended payment terms, higher rates and colder december weather in 2013, and higher fuel and underground gas storage inventory in 2013 attributable to an increase in fuel and natural gas prices.
·   the increase in cash from lg&amp;e's other operating activities was driven primarily by $43 million in proceeds from the settlement of interest rate swaps received in 2013.
ku had a $71 million increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2014 compared with 2013.
·   ku's non-cash components of net income included a $155 million increase in deferred income taxes primarily due to the utilization of net operating losses and an increase in accelerated tax depreciation over book depreciation as a result of additional assets in service in 2014.
·   the decrease in cash from working capital was driven primarily by an increase in income tax receivable and a decrease of income tax payable from lke as a result of the use of excess tax depreciation deductions, and an increase in inventory due to increased coal purchases in anticipation of a cold december similar to that of 2013, partially offset by decreases in accounts receivable and unbilled revenues due to extended payment terms, higher rates and colder december weather in 2013 and an increase in accounts payable to affiliates.
·   the decrease in cash from ku's other operating activities was driven primarily by $43 million in proceeds from the settlement of interest rate swaps received in 2013.
ku had a $5 million decrease in cash provided by operating activities in 2013 compared with 2012.
·   the decrease in cash from working capital was driven primarily by increases in accounts receivable and unbilled revenues due to extended payment terms, higher rates and colder december weather in 2013, offset by an increase in accounts payable due to timing of fuel purchase commitments and payments.
·   the increase in cash from ku's other operating activities was driven primarily by $43 million in proceeds from the settlement of interest rate swaps.
the components of the change in cash provided by (used in) investing activities were as follows.
change - cash provided (used):
purchase and sale of investments, net             (121)           (1)
change - cash provided (used):
for ppl, in 2014 compared with 2013, the decrease in "expenditures for pp&e" was partially due to expenditures made in 2013 for the holtwood hydroelectric expansion project at ppl energy supply and construction of cane run unit 7 for both lg&e and ku, partially offset by expenditures made in 2014 at wpd (primarily due to projects to enhance system reliability and the effect of foreign currency exchange rates).  "acquisitions & divestitures, net" reflects the 2014 sale of ppl montana's hydroelectric generation facilities.  see note 8 to the financial statements for additional information.  the change in "other investing activities" was the result of investing inflow of $164 million, in 2014, from u.s. department of treasury grants for the rainbow and holtwood hydroelectric expansion projects.
for ppl, in 2013 compared with 2012, the change in "expenditures for pp&e" was due to increased spending on projects to enhance system reliability at wpd and ppl electric, the susquehanna-roseland transmission project at ppl electric, environmental air projects at lg&e's mill creek and ku's ghent plants, construction of cane run unit 7 for both lg&e and ku and coal combustion residuals projects at ku's ghent and e.w. brown plants.  the change in "restricted cash and cash equivalent activity" was primarily related to margin deposit returns in 2012 at ppl energy supply.
for ppl energy supply, in 2014 compared with 2013, the decrease in "expenditures for pp&e" was partially due to expenditures made in 2013 for the holtwood hydroelectric expansion project.  "acquisitions & divestitures, net" reflects the 2014 sale of ppl montana's hydroelectric generation facilities.  see note 8 to the financial statements for additional information.  the change in "other investing activities" was the result of investing inflow of $164 million, in 2014, from u.s. department of treasury grants for the rainbow and holtwood hydroelectric expansion projects.
for ppl energy supply, in 2013 compared with 2012, the change in "acquisitions & divestitures, net" related to the disbursement in 2012 for the ironwood acquisition.  the change in "notes receivable with affiliates, net" resulted from repayments received in 2012.  the change in "restricted cash and cash equivalent activity" was primarily related to margin deposit returns in 2012.
for ppl electric, in 2014 compared with 2013, the change in "notes receivable with affiliates, net" resulted from proceeds received in 2014 from repayments.
for ppl electric, in 2013 compared with 2012, the change in "expenditures for pp&e" was due to increases for projects to enhance system reliability and the susquehanna-roseland transmission project.
in comparing 2014 with 2013, cash used by investing activities decreased as a result of the decrease in expenditures for ku, partially offset by the increase in expenditures for lg&e. the decrease in expenditures for ku was primarily due to lower expenditures for the construction of cane run unit 7 and coal combustion residuals projects at the ghent and the e.w. brown plants, partially offset by higher expenditures for environmental air projects at the ghent and the e.w. brown plants.  the increase in expenditures for lg&e was primarily due to environmental air projects at the mill creek plant and the gas service riser program, partially offset by lower expenditures for the construction of cane run unit 7.
in comparing 2013 with 2012, cash used by investing activities increased as a result of the increase in expenditures primarily due to environmental air projects at lg&e's mill creek and ku's ghent plants, construction of cane run unit 7 for both lg&e and ku and coal combustion residuals projects at ku's ghent and e.w. brown plants.
in comparing 2014 with 2013, cash used by investing activities increased as a result of the increase in expenditures primarily due to environmental air projects at the mill creek plant and the gas service riser program, partially offset by lower expenditures for the construction of cane run unit 7.
in comparing 2013 with 2012, cash used by investing activities increased as a result of the increase in expenditures primarily due to environmental air projects at the mill creek plant and the construction of cane run unit 7.
in comparing 2014 with 2013, cash used by investing activities decreased as a result of the decrease in expenditures primarily due to lower expenditures for the construction of cane run unit 7 and coal combustion residuals projects at the ghent and the e.w. brown plants, partially offset by higher expenditures for environmental air projects at the ghent and the e.w. brown plants.
in comparing 2013 with 2012, cash used by investing activities increased as a result of the increase in expenditures primarily due to environmental air projects at the ghent plant, construction of cane run unit 7 and coal combustion residuals projects at the ghent and e.w. brown plants.
see "forecasted uses of cash" for detail regarding projected capital expenditures for the years 2015 through 2019.
the components of the change in cash provided by (used in) financing activities were as follows.
change - cash provided (used):
capital contributions/distributions, net                                       (2,336)   58                  (177)            71         (66)
changes in net short-term debt (a)        728            986                    (40)   276                   279   6
change - cash provided (used):
capital contributions/distributions, net                                      1,393            55         144            86         157
changes in net short-term debt (a)               (25)         (312)            20        (55)          (90)          10
in 2014, ppl required $1.05 billion less cash from financing activities primarily due to improvements in cash from operations of $546 million and the proceeds of $164 million from the u.s. department of treasury grants (as described in "investing activities" above)  and the use of cash on hand which helped support the significant capital expenditure programs of its subsidiaries.
in 2013, ppl required $1.6 billion additional cash from financing activities primarily to support the significant capital expenditure programs of its subsidiaries.  financing needs were partially mitigated by $93 million of additional cash provided by operating activities.
in 2014, financing activities included distributions of $836 million to ppl of the proceeds from the ppl montana hydroelectric generation facilities sale, net of a tax liability payment discussed in "operating activities" above, and proceeds from the u.s. department of treasury ppl holtwood tax grant (see note 8 to the financial statements for information on these transactions.  both receipts are included within "investing activities" above.).
in 2013, financing activities included net capital contributions of $1.1 billion from ppl to ppl energy supply to fund the debt maturities discussed below, to repay short-term debt and to terminate the operating lease arrangement for interests in the montana colstrip facility and acquire the previously leased interests.  debt repayments included the $300 million debt maturity and the $437 million repayment of outstanding debt related to the acquisition of the previously leased lower mt. bethel facility.
in 2014, ppl electric required $75 million less cash from financing activities to support its significant capital expenditure program, primarily due to the receipt of $150 million on notes receivable from affiliates (as described in "investing activities" above) and improvements in cash from operations of $90 million.
in 2013, ppl electric required $398 million additional cash from financing activities to support its significant capital expenditure program.  financing needs were partially mitigated by $134 million of additional cash provided by operating activities.
in comparing 2014 with 2013, cash provided by financing activities decreased as a result of the $500 million long-term debt issued by lg&e and ku in november 2013 and higher distributions to ppl, partially offset by an increase in short-term debt and an increase in notes payable with affiliates to fund capital expenditures.
in comparing 2013 with 2012, cash provided by financing activities increased as a result of the long-term debt issuance at lg&e and ku and higher capital contributions from ppl.  the proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt were mainly used for capital expenditures related to environmental air projects and the construction of cane run unit 7.
in comparing 2014 with 2013, cash provided by financing activities increased due to an increase in short-term debt to fund capital expenditures and an increase in contributions from lke, offset by the $250 million of long-term debt issued in november 2013.
in comparing 2013 with 2012, cash provided by financing activities increased as a result of the $250 million long-term debt issuance.  the proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt were mainly used for capital expenditures related to environmental air projects and the construction of cane run unit 7.
in comparing 2014 with 2013, cash provided by financing activities decreased as a result of the $250 million long-term debt issued in november 2013, a decrease of contributions from lke and higher dividends to lke.
in comparing 2013 with 2012, cash provided by financing activities increased as a result of the $250 million long-term debt issuance and higher capital contributions from lke.  the proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt were mainly used for capital expenditures related to environmental air projects and the construction of cane run unit 7.
see "long-term debt and equity securities" below for additional information on current year activity.  see "forecasted sources of cash" for a discussion of the registrants' plans to issue debt and equity securities, as well as a discussion of credit facility capacity available to the registrants.  also see "forecasted uses of cash" for a discussion of ppl's plans to pay dividends on common securities in the future, as well as the registrants' maturities of long-term debt.
(a)   issuances are net of pricing discounts, where applicable and exclude the impact of debt issuance costs.
(b)   represents the remarketing of junior subordinated notes that were issued as a component of ppl's 2011 equity units and simultaneously exchanged for senior notes.
see note 7 to the financial statements for additional information about long-term debt and equity securities.
at december 31, 2014, lg&e's and ku's tax-exempt revenue bonds in the form of auction rate securities total $231 million ($135 million at lg&e and $96 million at ku).  these bonds continue to experience failed auctions and the interest rate continues to be set by a formula pursuant to the relevant indentures.  for the period ended december 31, 2014, the weighted-average rate on lg&e's and ku's auction rate bonds in total was 0.15% (0.14% at lg&e and 0.16% at ku).
forecasted sources of cash
the registrants expect to continue to have adequate liquidity available from operating cash flows, cash and cash equivalents, credit facilities and commercial paper issuances.  additionally, subject to market conditions, the registrants and their subsidiaries may access the capital markets, and ppl electric, lke, lg&e and ku anticipate receiving equity contributions from their parent or member in 2015.  as a result of the proposed spinoff of ppl energy supply to form talen energy, ppl energy supply does not expect to receive cash equity contributions from its member in 2015.  additionally, under the terms
of the spinoff agreements with affiliates of riverstone, ppl energy supply is generally prohibited from making distributions or other payments to ppl or any ppl affiliate that is not a subsidiary of ppl energy supply, with the exception of specific distributions and other payments set forth in the spinoff agreements.  these exceptions are generally limited to a planned distribution from ppl energy supply to ppl during the first quarter of 2015 in an amount not to exceed $191 million.
credit facilities the registrants maintain credit facilities to enhance liquidity, provide credit support and provide a backstop to commercial paper programs.  amounts borrowed under these credit facilities are reflected in "short-term debt" on the balance sheets.  at december 31, 2014, the total committed borrowing capacity under credit facilities and the use of this borrowing capacity were:
external letters of
credit and commercial committed                         paper         unused capacity      borrowed          issued       capacity ppl capital funding credit facilities                                     $750                           $21           $729
(a)   the syndicated credit facilities, as well as ku's letter of credit facility, each contain a financial covenant requiring debt to total capitalization not to exceed 65% for ppl energy supply and 70% for ppl capital funding, ppl electric, lke, lg&amp;e and ku, as calculated in accordance with the facility, and other customary covenants. see note 7 to the financial statements for additional information regarding these credit facilities.
(b)   the commitments under the domestic credit facilities are provided by a diverse bank group, with no one bank and its affiliates providing an aggregate commitment of more than the following percentages of the total committed capacity: ppl - 10%, ppl energy supply - 9%, ppl electric - 6%, lke - 21%, lg&amp;e - 7% and ku - 37%.
(c)   each company pays customary fees under its respective syndicated credit facility, as does ku under its letter of credit facility, and borrowings generally bear interest at libor-based rates plus an applicable margin.
(d)   the facilities contain financial covenants to maintain an interest coverage ratio of not less than 3.0 times consolidated earnings before income taxes, depreciation and amortization and total net debt not in excess of 85% of its rav, calculated in accordance with the credit facility.
(e)   at december 31, 2014, the unused capacity under the u.k. committed credit facilities was approximately $1.4 billion. the commitments under the u.k.'s credit facilities are provided by a diverse bank group with no one bank providing more than 13% of the total committed capacity.
in addition to the financial covenants noted in the table above, the credit agreements governing the above credit facilities contain various other covenants.  failure to comply with the covenants after applicable grace periods could result in acceleration of repayment of borrowings and/or termination of the agreements.  the registrants monitor compliance with the covenants on a regular basis.  at december 31, 2014, the registrants were in compliance with these covenants.  at this time, the registrants believe that these covenants and other borrowing conditions will not limit access to these funding sources.
as a result of the proposed spinoff transaction, ppl energy supply has syndicated a $1.85 billion credit facility which is currently fully committed.  this syndicated credit facility will replace the existing $3 billion ppl energy supply syndicated credit facility and will be effective upon closing of the spinoff transaction.  see "item 1. business" and "financial and operational developments - other financial and operational developments - anticipated spinoff of ppl energy supply" above for additional information.
during the second quarter of 2014, ppl energy supply's corporate credit rating was lowered to below investment grade.  at december 31, 2014, the additional collateral posted as a result of the downgrade was $190 million.  ppl energy supply primarily issued letters of credit under its credit facilities noted above to post the required collateral.  ppl energy supply continues to have adequate access to the capital markets and adequate capacity under its credit facilities and does not expect a material change in its financing costs as a result of the downgrade.
see note 7 to the financial statements for further discussion of the registrants' credit facilities.
capacity   borrowed      capacity           capacity lke credit facility              $225   $41                                  $184
(a)   lg&amp;e and ku participate in an intercompany agreement whereby lke, lg&amp;e and/or ku make available funds up to $500 million at an interest rate based on a market index of commercial paper issues. however, the ferc has issued a maximum short-term debt limit for each utility at $500 million from any source.
ppl electric, lg&e and ku maintain commercial paper programs to provide an additional financing source to fund short-term liquidity needs, as necessary.  commercial paper issuances, included in "short-term debt" on the balance sheets, are supported by the respective registrant's syndicated credit facility.  the following commercial paper programs were in place at:
commercial                                  commercial paper                     unused                 paper capacity        issuances               capacity             issuances ppl electric                $300                                    $300                   $20
ppl and its subsidiaries currently plan to incur, subject to market conditions, approximately $2.2 billion of long-term indebtedness in 2015, of which $600 million is to refinance existing long-term debt.
ppl also plans to issue approximately $200 million of common stock in 2015.
the remaining proceeds will be used to fund capital expenditures and for general corporate purposes.
subject to market conditions, ppl energy supply may issue long-term debt securities in 2015 to fund its current debt maturity obligations or for general corporate purposes, if necessary.
ppl electric currently plans to issue, subject to market conditions, approximately $450 million of long-term indebtedness in 2015, the proceeds of which will be used to fund capital expenditures and for general corporate purposes.
lg&e and ku currently plan to issue, subject to market conditions, approximately $550 million for lg&e and $500 million for ku, of first mortgage bond indebtedness in 2015, the proceeds of which will be used to refinance $500 million of maturing first mortgage bonds for lg&e and ku ($250 million each), to fund capital expenditures and for general corporate purposes.  lke plans to refinance its $400 million bond maturing in 2015 with proceeds from an intercompany loan from a ppl affiliate.
from time to time, ppl energy supply's and lke's members or the parents of ppl electric, lg&e and ku make capital contributions to subsidiaries.  the proceeds from these contributions are used to fund capital expenditures and for other general corporate purposes and, in the case of lke, to make contributions to its subsidiaries.  ppl energy supply does not expect to receive cash equity contributions from its member in 2015.
forecasted uses of cash
in addition to expenditures required for normal operating activities, such as purchased power, payroll, fuel and taxes, the registrants currently expect to incur future cash outflows for capital expenditures, various contractual obligations, payment of dividends on its common stock, distributions by ppl energy supply and lke to their members, and possibly the purchase or redemption of a portion of debt securities.
capital expenditures the table below shows the registrants' current capital expenditure projections for the years 2015 through 2019.  expenditures for the domestic regulated utilities are expected to be recovered through rates, pending regulatory approval.
environmental                                          2,317               609               407               398               521               382
total capital expenditures             $19,668            $4,092            $3,763            $3,743            $3,965            $4,105
environmental                                            122                41                22                34                13                12
total capital expenditures              $2,047              $481              $416              $404              $428              $318
total capital expenditures              $5,711            $1,127            $1,156            $1,192            $1,158            $1,078
environmental                                    2,196         569       386       364         508         369
total capital expenditures        $5,489      $1,125      $920      $909      $1,120      $1,415
environmental                                    1,126         341       199       177         261         148
total capital expenditures        $2,687        $632      $492      $453        $521        $589
environmental                                    1,070           228           187           187           247           221
total capital expenditures        $2,799          $492          $427          $456          $599          $825
(a)   construction expenditures include capitalized interest and afudc, which are expected to total approximately $171 million for ppl; $64 million for ppl energy supply and $67 million for ppl electric.
(b)   the 2015 total excludes amounts included in accounts payable as of december 31, 2014.
capital expenditure plans are revised periodically to reflect changes in operational, market and regulatory conditions.  for the years presented, this table includes estimated costs to meet a projected capacity need at lke in 2021 and ppl electric's asset optimization program to replace aging transmission and distribution assets as well as the susquehanna-roseland and northeast/pocono projects.  this table also includes lke's environmental projects related to existing and proposed epa compliance standards (actual costs may be significantly lower or higher depending on the final requirements and market conditions; most environmental compliance costs incurred by lg&e and ku in serving kpsc jurisdictional customers are generally eligible for recovery through the ecr mechanism).  see note 6 to the financial statements for information on lg&e's and ku's ecr mechanism and cpcn filing, and note 8 to the financial statements for information on significant development plans.  see "item 2. properties" for information on planned projects to expand capacity.
in addition to cash on hand and cash from operations, the registrants plan to fund capital expenditures in 2015 with proceeds from the sources noted below.
source                                    ppl     supply          ppl electric      lke     lg&amp;e      ku issuance of common stock                      x issuance of long-term debt securities         x                            x            x          x          x equity contributions from parent/member                                    x            x          x          x short-term debt                               x                            x            x          x          x x = expected funding source.
contractual obligations the registrants have assumed various financial obligations and commitments in the ordinary course of conducting business.  at december 31, 2014, estimated contractual cash obligations were as follows.
operating leases (c)                                    135                36              45              20               34
other long-term liabilities reflected on the balance sheet under gaap (e) (f)            889               481             408
operating leases (c)                                     39                11              21               5                2
other long-term liabilities reflected on the balance sheet under gaap (e) (f)             73                73
other long-term liabilities reflected on the balance sheet under gaap (e) (f)            32            32
operating leases (c)                                                 73          16          19        12            26
pension benefit plan obligations (e)                                 52          52
operating leases (c)                                                 28           6           7         4            11
pension benefit plan obligations (e)                                 21          21
operating leases (c)                                                 41           9          12         7            13
pension benefit plan obligations (e)                                 15          15
(a)   reflects principal maturities based on stated maturity or earlier put dates. see note 7 to the financial statements for a discussion of the remarketing feature related to the reps, as well as discussion of variable-rate remarketable bonds issued on behalf of ppl energy supply, lg&amp;e and ku. the registrants do not have any significant capital lease obligations.
(b)   assumes interest payments through stated maturity or earlier put dates. for ppl, ppl energy supply, lke, lg&amp;e and ku the payments herein are subject to change, as payments for debt that is or becomes variable-rate debt have been estimated and for ppl, payments denominated in british pounds sterling have been translated to u.s. dollars at a current foreign currency exchange rate.
(c)   see note 9 to the financial statements for additional information.
(d)   the amounts include agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding and specify all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. primarily includes as applicable, the purchase obligations of electricity, coal, nuclear fuel and limestone as well as certain construction expenditures, which are also included in the capital expenditures table presented above. financial swaps (for ppl and ppl energy supply) and open purchase orders that are provided on demand with no firm commitment are excluded from the amounts presented.
(e)   the amounts for ppl include wpd's contractual deficit pension funding requirements arising from actuarial valuations performed in march 2013. the u.k. electricity regulator currently allows a recovery of a substantial portion of the contributions relating to the plan deficit. the amounts also include contributions made or committed to be made in 2015 for ppl's and lke's u.s. pension plans (for ppl energy supply, ppl electric, lg&amp;e and ku includes their share of these amounts). based on the current funded status of these plans, except for wpd's plans, no cash contributions are required. see note 11 to the financial statements for a discussion of expected contributions.
(f)   at december 31, 2014, total unrecognized tax benefits of $20 million for ppl and $15 million for ppl energy supply were excluded from this table as management cannot reasonably estimate the amount and period of future payments. see note 5 to the financial statements for additional information.
(g)   represents contracts to purchase coal, natural gas and natural gas transportation. see note 13 to the financial statements for additional information.
(h)   represents future minimum payments under ovec power purchase agreements through june 2040. see note 13 to the financial statements for additional information.
(i)   represents construction commitments, including commitments for the lg&amp;e's mill creek and ku's ghent and e.w. brown environmental air projects, lg&amp;e's and ku's cane run unit 7, ku's e.w. brown landfill and lg&amp;e's ohio falls refurbishment which are also reflected in the capital expenditures table presented above.
ppl views dividends as an integral component of shareowner return and expects to continue to pay dividends in amounts that are within the context of maintaining a capitalization structure that supports investment grade credit ratings.  future dividends will be declared at the discretion of the board of directors and will depend upon future earnings, cash flows, financial and legal requirements and other relevant factors at the time.  subject to certain exceptions, ppl may not declare or pay any cash dividend or distribution on its capital stock during any period in which ppl capital funding defers interest payments on its 2007 series a junior subordinated notes due 2067 or 2013 series b junior subordinated notes due 2073.  at december 31, 2014, no interest payments were deferred.
from time to time, as determined by their respective board of directors or board of managers, the registrants pay dividends or distributions, as applicable, to their respective shareholders or members.  ppl energy supply expects to distribute to its member an amount not to exceed $191 million in the first quarter of 2015.  certain of the credit facilities of ppl energy supply, ppl electric, lke, lg&e and ku include minimum debt covenant ratios that could effectively restrict the payment of dividends or distributions.  see "forecasted sources of cash" above for information on additional restrictions on ppl energy supply's ability to make distributions to its member, ppl.
see note 7 to the financial statements for these and other restrictions related to distributions on capital interests for the registrants and their subsidiaries.
purchase or redemption of debt securities the registrants will continue to evaluate outstanding debt securities and may decide to purchase or redeem these securities depending upon prevailing market conditions and available cash.
rating agency actions moody's, s&p and fitch have periodically reviewed the credit ratings of the debt of the registrants and their subsidiaries.  based on their respective independent reviews, the rating agencies may make certain ratings revisions or ratings affirmations.  in january 2015, fitch withdrew its ratings for ppl, ppl capital funding, ppl energy supply, ppl electric, lke, lg&e, and ku.
a credit rating reflects an assessment by the rating agency of the creditworthiness associated with an issuer and particular securities that it issues.  the credit ratings of the registrants and their subsidiaries are based on information provided by the registrants and other sources.  the ratings of moody's, s&p and fitch are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any securities of the registrants or their subsidiaries.  such ratings may be subject to revisions or withdrawal by the agencies at any time and should be evaluated independently of each other and any other rating that may be assigned to the securities.  the credit ratings of the registrants and their subsidiaries affect their liquidity, access to capital markets and cost of borrowing under their credit facilities.
the following table sets forth the registrants' and their subsidiaries' credit ratings for outstanding debt securities or commercial paper programs as of december 31, 2014.
ppl capital funding         baa3            bbb-            bbb ppl and ppl energy supply ppl energy supply           ba1             bb              bb ppl and ppl electric ppl electric                                                        a2             a-             a-      p-2             a-2             f2
a downgrade in the registrants' or their subsidiaries' credit ratings could result in higher borrowing costs and reduced access to capital markets.  the registrants and their subsidiaries have no credit rating triggers that would result in the reduction of access to capital markets or the acceleration of maturity dates of outstanding debt.
in january 2014, moody's affirmed its ratings and revised its outlook to stable for ppl.
in march 2014, moody's, s&p and fitch assigned ratings of baa3, bbb- and bbb, respectively, to ppl capital funding's $350 million 3.95% senior notes due 2024 and $400 million 5.00% senior notes due 2044.  fitch also assigned a stable outlook to these notes.
in april 2014, moody's affirmed its ratings with a stable outlook for ppl wem, wpd (east midlands), wpd (west midlands), ppl ww, wpd (south wales) and wpd (south west).
in april 2014, fitch affirmed its ratings with a stable outlook for ppl and ppl capital funding.
in june 2014, moody's affirmed its ratings and revised its outlook to positive for ppl and ppl capital funding.
in june 2014, s&p affirmed its ratings for ppl, ppl capital funding, ppl wem, wpd (east midlands), wpd (west midlands), ppl ww, wpd (south wales) and wpd (south west) and placed the issuers on creditwatch with positive implications.
in june 2014, fitch affirmed its ratings with a stable outlook for ppl and ppl capital funding.
in august 2014, fitch affirmed its ratings and revised its outlook to negative for wpd (south wales).  fitch also affirmed its ratings with a stable outlook for ppl ww and wpd (south west).
in october 2014, fitch affirmed and withdrew its long-term and short-term issuer default ratings for ppl capital funding.
in october 2014, moody's and s&p affirmed their ratings and outlooks for wpd (east midlands), wpd (west midlands), wpd (south wales) and wpd (south west).  in addition, moody's and s&p have assigned baa3, p-3, stable and bbb, a-2, creditwatch positive long and short-term issuer ratings to western power distribution ltd, the new holding company for the four dnos, following a legal entity restructuring implemented in october 2014.  the issuer ratings of ppl ww and ppl wem have also been withdrawn.
in april 2014, fitch affirmed its ratings with a negative outlook for ppl energy supply.
in june 2014, moody's lowered its senior unsecured rating from baa2 to ba1 and its commercial paper rating and short-term issuer rating from p-2 to not prime with a negative outlook for ppl energy supply.  moody's also assigned a corporate family rating of ba1, a probability of default rating of ba1-pd and a speculative grade liquidity rating of sgl-1 to ppl energy supply.
in june 2014, s&p lowered its long-term issuer rating and senior unsecured rating from bb+ to bb and its commercial paper rating and short-term issuer rating from a-3 to b for ppl energy supply and placed the issuer on creditwatch with negative implications.
in january 2014, moody's upgraded its long-term issuer rating and senior unsecured rating from baa2 to baa1 and senior secured rating from a3 to a2, affirmed its commercial paper rating and revised its outlook to stable for ppl electric.
in april 2014, fitch affirmed its ratings with a stable outlook for ppl electric.
in june 2014, s&p affirmed its ratings for ppl electric and placed the issuer on creditwatch with positive implications.
in june 2014, moody's, s&p and fitch assigned ratings of a2, a- and a-, respectively, to ppl electric's $300 million 4.125% first mortgage bonds due 2044.  fitch also assigned a stable outlook to these notes.
in january 2014, moody's affirmed its ratings and revised its outlook to stable for lke.
in january 2014, moody's upgraded its long-term issuer ratings and senior unsecured ratings from baa1 to a3 and senior secured ratings from a2 to a1, affirmed its commercial paper ratings and revised its outlook to stable for lg&e and ku.
in february 2014, moody's affirmed its ratings for ku's 2000 series a solid waste disposal facility revenue bonds, ku's 2004 series a and 2008 series a environmental facilities revenue bonds and ku's 2006 series b environmental facilities revenue refunding bonds.
in april 2014, fitch affirmed its ratings with a stable outlook for lke, lg&e and ku.
in june 2014, s&p affirmed its ratings for lke, lg&e and ku and placed the issuers on creditwatch with positive implications.
in june 2014, moody's affirmed its ratings and revised its outlook to positive for lke.
in june 2014, s&p affirmed its ratings for ku's 2000 series a solid waste disposal facility revenue bonds, ku's 2004 series a and 2008 series a environmental facilities revenue bonds and ku's 2006 series b environmental facilities revenue refunding bonds and placed them on creditwatch with positive implications.
in september 2014, moody's affirmed its ratings for ku's 2000 series a solid waste disposal facility revenue bonds, ku's 2004 series a and 2008 series a environmental facilities revenue bonds and ku's 2006 series b environmental facilities revenue refunding bonds.
in october 2014, s&p affirmed its ratings for ku's 2000 series a solid waste disposal facility revenue bonds, ku's 2004 series a and 2008 series a environmental facilities revenue bonds and ku's 2006 series b environmental facilities revenue refunding bonds.
in december 2014, s&p confirmed its ratings for lg&e's 2001 series a pollution control revenue bonds, lg&e's 2001 series b (louisville/jefferson county metro government, kentucky) pollution control revenue bonds and lg&e's 2001 series b (county of trimble, kentucky) pollution control revenue bonds.
in december 2014, moody's assigned an a1 rating for lg&e's 2001 series a pollution control revenue bonds, lg&e's 2001 series b (louisville/jefferson county metro government, kentucky) pollution control revenue bonds and lg&e's 2001 series b (county of trimble, kentucky) pollution control revenue bonds.
in december 2014, moody's downgraded its long-term ratings from aa1 to aa2 for ku's 2000 series a solid waste disposal facility revenue bonds, ku's 2004 series a and 2008 series a environmental facilities revenue bonds and ku's 2006 series b environmental facilities revenue refunding bonds.
as discussed in note 7 to the financial statements, certain of wpd's senior unsecured notes may be put by the holders to the issuer for redemption if the long-term credit ratings assigned to the notes are withdrawn by any of the rating agencies (moody's, s&p, or fitch) or reduced to a non-investment grade rating of ba1 or bb+ in connection with a restructuring event.  a restructuring event includes the loss of, or a material adverse change to, the distribution licenses under which wpd (east midlands), wpd (south west), wpd (south wales) and wpd (west midlands) operate and would be a trigger event for each company.  these notes totaled £3.8 billion (approximately $5.9 billion) nominal value at december 31, 2014.
various derivative and non-derivative contracts, including contracts for the sale and purchase of electricity and fuel, commodity transportation and storage, interest rate and foreign currency instruments (for ppl), contain provisions that require the posting of additional collateral, or permit the counterparty to terminate the contract, if ppl's, ppl energy supply's, lke's, lg&e's or ku's or their subsidiaries' credit rating, as applicable, were to fall below investment grade. see note 17 to the financial statements for a discussion of "credit risk-related contingent features," including a discussion of the potential additional collateral requirements for ppl, ppl energy supply, lke and lg&e for derivative contracts in a net liability position at december 31, 2014.
ppl and ppl energy supply guarantee certain consolidated affiliate financing arrangements.  some of the guarantees contain financial and other covenants that, if not met, would limit or restrict the consolidated affiliates' access to funds under these financing arrangements, accelerate maturity of such arrangements or limit the consolidated affiliates' ability to enter into certain transactions.  at this time, ppl and ppl energy supply believe that these covenants will not limit access to relevant funding sources.  see note 13 to the financial statements for additional information about guarantees.
off-balance sheet arrangements (all registrants)
the registrants have entered into certain agreements that may contingently require payment to a guaranteed or indemnified party.  see note 13 to the financial statements for a discussion of these agreements.
risk management market risk
see notes 1, 16, and 17 to the financial statements for information about the registrants' risk management objectives, valuation techniques and accounting designations.
the forward-looking information presented below provides estimates of what may occur in the future, assuming certain adverse market conditions and model assumptions.  actual future results may differ materially from those presented.  these disclosures are not precise indicators of expected future losses, but only indicators of possible losses under normal market conditions at a given confidence level.
commodity price risk (non-trading)
lg&e's and ku's retail electric and natural gas rates and municipal wholesale electric rates are set by regulatory commissions and the fuel costs incurred are directly recoverable from customers.  as a result, lg&e and ku are subject to commodity price risk for only a small portion of on-going business operations.  lg&e and ku sell excess economic generation to maximize the value of the physical assets at times when the assets are not required to serve lg&e's or ku's customers.  see note 17 to the financial statements for additional information.
ppl electric is exposed to market price and volumetric risks from its obligation as plr.  the puc has approved a cost recovery mechanism that allows ppl electric to pass through to customers the cost associated with fulfilling its plr obligation.  this cost recovery mechanism substantially eliminates ppl electric's exposure to market price risk.  ppl electric also mitigates its exposure to volumetric risk by entering into full-requirement energy supply contracts for the majority of its plr obligations.  these supply contracts transfer the volumetric risk associated with the plr obligation to the energy suppliers.
ppl energy supply segregates its non-trading activities into two categories:  hedge activity and economic activity.  transactions that are accounted for as hedge activity qualify for hedge accounting treatment.  the economic activity category includes transactions that address a specific risk, but were not eligible for hedge accounting or for which hedge accounting was not elected.  this activity includes the changes in fair value of positions used to hedge a portion of the economic value of ppl energy supply's competitive generation assets and full-requirement sales and retail contracts.  this economic activity is subject to changes in fair value due to market price volatility of the input and output commodities (e.g., fuel and power).  although they do not receive hedge accounting treatment, these transactions are considered non-trading activity.  see note 17 to the financial statements for additional information.
to hedge the impact of market price volatility on ppl energy supply's energy-related assets, liabilities and other contractual arrangements, ppl energy supply both sells and purchases physical energy at the wholesale level under ferc market-based tariffs throughout the u.s. and enters into financial exchange-traded and over-the-counter contracts.  ppl energy supply's non-trading commodity derivative contracts range in maturity through 2019.
the following tables sets forth the changes in the net fair value of non-trading commodity derivative contracts at december 31.  see notes 16 and 17 to the financial statements for additional information.
fair value of contracts outstanding at the beginning of the period                $107              $473
fair value of new contracts entered into during the period (a)                    (12)                58
other changes in fair value                                                      (370)                28
fair value of contracts outstanding at the end of the period                       $53              $107
(a)   represents the fair value of contracts at the end of the quarter of their inception.
the following table segregates the net fair value of non-trading commodity derivative contracts at december 31, 2014 based on the observability of the information used to determine the fair value.
1 year       1-3 years           4-5 years       of 5 years          value source of fair value prices based on significant observable inputs (level 2)                   $12       $(32)                     $10                           $(10)
fair value of contracts outstanding at the end of the period              $58       $(16)                     $11                           $53
ppl energy supply sells electricity, capacity and related services and buys fuel on a forward basis to hedge the value of energy from its generation assets.  if ppl energy supply were unable to deliver firm capacity and energy or to accept the delivery of fuel under its agreements, under certain circumstances it could be required to pay liquidating damages.  these damages would be based on the difference between the market price and the contract price of the commodity.  depending on price changes in the wholesale energy markets, such damages could be significant.  extreme weather conditions, unplanned power plant outages, transmission disruptions, nonperformance by counterparties (or their counterparties) with which it has energy contracts and other factors could affect ppl energy supply's ability to meet its obligations, or cause significant increases in the market price of replacement energy.  although ppl energy supply attempts to mitigate these risks, there can be no assurance that it will be able to fully meet its firm obligations, that it will not be required to pay damages for failure to perform, or that it will not experience counterparty nonperformance in the future.
commodity price risk (trading)
ppl energy supply's trading commodity derivative contracts range in maturity through 2020.  the following table sets forth changes in the net fair value of trading commodity derivative contracts at december 31.  see notes 16 and 17 to the financial statements for additional information.
fair value of contracts outstanding at the beginning of the period             $11              $29
fair value of new contracts entered into during the period (a)                   5                3
other changes in fair value                                                     92              (8)
fair value of contracts outstanding at the end of the period                   $48              $11
(a)   represents the fair value of contracts at the end of the quarter of their inception.
the following table segregates the net fair value of trading commodity derivative contracts at december 31, 2014 based on the observability of the information used to determine the fair value.
1 year              1-3 years       4-5 years         of 5 years          value source of fair value prices quoted in active markets for identical instruments (level 1)     $1                                                                        $1
fair value of contracts outstanding at the end of the period            $(3)                      $25       $15               $11                 $48
var models a var model is utilized to measure commodity price risk in unregulated gross energy margins for the non-trading and trading portfolios.  var is a statistical model that attempts to estimate the value of potential loss over a given holding period under normal market conditions at a given confidence level.  var is calculated using a monte carlo simulation technique based on a five-day holding period at a 95% confidence level.  given the company's disciplined hedging program, the non-trading var exposure is expected to be limited in the short-term.  the var for portfolios using end-of-month results for 2014 was as follows.
the trading portfolio includes all proprietary trading positions, regardless of the delivery period.  all positions not considered proprietary trading are considered non-trading.  the non-trading portfolio includes the entire portfolio, including generation, with delivery periods through the next 12 months.  both the trading and non-trading var computations exclude ftrs due to the absence of reliable spot and forward markets.  the fair value of the non-trading and trading ftr positions was insignificant at december 31, 2014.
interest rate risk (all registrants)
the registrants and their subsidiaries issue debt to finance their operations, which exposes them to interest rate risk.  the registrants and their subsidiaries utilize various financial derivative instruments to adjust the mix of fixed and floating interest rates in their debt portfolios, adjust the duration of their debt portfolios and lock in benchmark interest rates in anticipation of future financing, when appropriate.  risk limits under the risk management program are designed to balance risk exposure to volatility in interest expense and changes in the fair value of the debt portfolios due to changes in the absolute level of interest rates.
effect of a                                                                     effect of a fair value,            10% adverse            maturities                        fair value,            10% adverse exposure              net - asset            movement                  ranging          exposure      net - asset            movement hedged                (liability) (a)        in rates (b)              through            hedged      (liability) (a)        in rates (b)
economic hedges interest rate swaps (e)              179                             (49)                  (3)                 2033               179                   (37)               (4)
economic hedges interest rate swaps (e)         179   (49)    (3)      2033     179   (37)   (4)
economic hedges interest rate swaps (e)         179   (49)    (3)      2033     179   (37)   (4)
(b)   effects of adverse movements decrease assets or increase liabilities, as applicable, which could result in an asset becoming a liability. sensitivities represent a 10% adverse movement in interest rates, except for cross-currency swaps which also includes foreign currency exchange rates.
(c)   changes in the fair value of such cash flow hedges are recorded in equity or as regulatory assets or regulatory liabilities, if recoverable through regulated rates, and reclassified into earnings in the same period during which the item being hedged affects earnings.
(d)   cross-currency swaps are utilized to hedge the principal and interest payments of wpd's u.s. dollar-denominated senior notes. changes in the fair value of these instruments are recorded in equity and reclassified into earnings in the same period during which the item being hedged affects earnings.
(e)   realized changes in the fair value of such economic hedges are recoverable through regulated rates and any subsequent changes in the fair value of these derivatives are included in regulatory assets or regulatory liabilities.
the registrants are exposed to a potential increase in interest expense and to changes in the fair value of their debt portfolios.  the estimated impact of a 10% adverse movement in interest rates at december 31 is shown below.
increase in interest        not             not                          not           not             not                 not expense       significant     significant          significant   significant     significant         significant increase in fair value of debt       $707            $46                         $132   $138            $44                         $82
increase in interest        not             not                          not           not             not                 not expense       significant     significant          significant   significant     significant         significant increase in fair value of debt       $732            $48                         $120   $146            $45                         $85
foreign currency risk (ppl)
ppl is exposed to foreign currency risk, primarily through investments in u.k. affiliates.  in addition, ppl's domestic operations may make purchases of equipment in currencies other than u.s. dollars.  see note 1 to the financial statements for additional information regarding foreign currency translation.
ppl has adopted a foreign currency risk management program designed to hedge certain foreign currency exposures, including firm commitments, recognized assets or liabilities, anticipated transactions and net investments.  in addition, ppl enters into financial instruments to protect against foreign currency translation risk of expected earnings.
effect of a 10%                                                                   effect of a 10%
fair value,        adverse movement             maturities                        fair value,        adverse movement exposure          net - asset        in foreign currency             ranging      exposure          net - asset        in foreign currency hedged            (liability)        exchange rates (a)              through      hedged            (liability)        exchange rates (a)
economic hedges (c)             1,368      111                            (193)                  2016             1,425              (86)                   (222)
(a)   effects of adverse movements decrease assets or increase liabilities, as applicable, which could result in an asset becoming a liability.
(b)   to protect the value of a portion of its net investment in wpd, ppl executes forward contracts to sell gbp. the positions outstanding exclude the amount of intercompany loans classified as net investment hedges. see note 17 to the financial statements for additional information.
(c)   to economically hedge the translation of expected earnings denominated in gbp to u.s. dollars.
ndt funds - securities price risk (ppl and ppl energy supply)
in connection with certain nrc requirements, ppl susquehanna maintains trust funds to fund certain costs of decommissioning the ppl susquehanna nuclear plant (susquehanna).  at december 31, 2014, these funds were invested primarily in domestic equity securities and fixed-rate, fixed-income securities and are reflected at fair value on the balance sheets.  the mix of securities is designed to provide returns sufficient to fund susquehanna's decommissioning and to compensate for inflationary increases in decommissioning costs.  however, the equity securities included in the trusts are exposed to price fluctuation in equity markets, and the values of fixed-rate, fixed-income securities are primarily exposed to changes in interest rates.  ppl actively monitors the investment performance and periodically reviews asset allocation in accordance with its nuclear decommissioning trust policy statement.  at december 31, 2014, a hypothetical 10% increase in interest rates and a 10% decrease in equity prices would have resulted in an estimated $73 million reduction in the fair value of the trust assets, compared with $66 million at december 31, 2013.  see notes 16 and 20 to the financial statements for additional information regarding the ndt funds.
defined benefit plans - securities price risk see "application of critical accounting policies - defined benefits" for additional information regarding the effect of securities price risk on plan assets.
credit risk credit risk is the risk that the registrants would incur a loss as a result of nonperformance by counterparties of their contractual obligations.  the registrants maintain credit policies and procedures with respect to counterparty credit (including requirements that counterparties maintain specified credit ratings) and require other assurances in the form of credit support or collateral in certain circumstances in order to limit counterparty credit risk.  however, the registrants, as applicable, have concentrations of suppliers and customers among electric utilities, financial institutions and other energy marketing and trading companies.  these concentrations may impact the registrants' overall exposure to credit risk, positively or negatively, as counterparties may be similarly affected by changes in economic, regulatory or other conditions.
ppl energy supply includes the effect of credit risk on its fair value measurements to reflect the probability that a counterparty will default when contracts are out of the money (from the counterparty's standpoint).  in this case, ppl energy supply would have to sell into a lower-priced market or purchase in a higher-priced market.  when necessary, ppl energy supply records an allowance for doubtful accounts to reflect the probability that a counterparty will not pay for deliveries ppl energy supply has made but not yet billed, which are reflected in "unbilled revenues" on the balance sheets.
in 2013, the puc approved ppl electric's plr procurement plan for the period of june 2013 through may 2015.  to date, ppl electric has conducted all of its planned competitive solicitations.  in 2014, ppl electric filed a request with the puc for approval of ppl electric's plr procurement plan for the period of june 2015 through may 2017, which was approved in january 2015.
under the standard supply master agreement (the agreement) for the competitive solicitation process, ppl electric requires all suppliers to post collateral if their credit exposure exceeds an established credit limit.  in the event a supplier defaults on its obligation, ppl electric would be required to seek replacement power in the market.  all incremental costs incurred by ppl electric would be recoverable from customers in future rates.  at december 31, 2014, most of the successful bidders under all of the solicitations had an investment grade credit rating from s&p, and were not required to post collateral under the agreement.  a small portion of bidders were required to post an insignificant amount of collateral under the agreement.  there is no instance under the agreement in which ppl electric is required to post collateral to its suppliers.
see notes 13, 14, 16 and 17 to the financial statements for additional information on the competitive solicitation process, the agreement, credit concentration and credit risk.
the value of the british pound sterling fluctuates in relation to the u.s. dollar.  in 2014, changes in this exchange rate resulted in a foreign currency translation loss of $290 million, which primarily reflected a $680 million decrease to pp&e and goodwill offset by a decrease of $390 million to net liabilities.  in 2013, changes in this exchange rate resulted in a foreign currency translation gain of $150 million, which primarily reflected a $330 million increase to pp&e and goodwill offset by an increase of $180 million to net liabilities.  in 2012, changes in this exchange rate resulted in a foreign currency translation gain of $99 million, which primarily reflected a $181 million increase to pp&e offset by an increase of $82 million to net liabilities.  the impact of foreign currency translation is recorded in aoci.
related party transactions the registrants are not aware of any material ownership interests or operating responsibility by senior management in outside partnerships, including leasing transactions with variable interest entities, or other entities doing business with the registrants.  see note 14 to the financial statements for additional information on related party transactions for ppl energy supply, ppl electric, lke, lg&e and ku.
acquisitions, development and divestitures the registrants from time to time evaluate opportunities for potential acquisitions, divestitures and development projects.  development projects are reexamined based on market conditions and other factors to determine whether to proceed with the projects, sell, cancel or expand them, execute tolling agreements or pursue other options.  see note 8 to the financial statements for information on significant activities.
see note 8 to the financial statements for information on the anticipated spinoff of ppl energy supply and the completed montana hydro sale.
environmental matters
extensive federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations are applicable to ppl's, ppl energy supply's, lke's, lg&e's and ku's air emissions, water discharges and the management of hazardous and solid waste, as well as other aspects of the registrants' businesses.  the cost of compliance or alleged non-compliance cannot be predicted with certainty but could be material.  in addition, costs may increase significantly if the requirements or scope of environmental laws or regulations, or similar rules, are expanded or changed.  costs may take the form of increased capital expenditures or operating and maintenance expenses, monetary fines, penalties or other restrictions.  many of these environmental law considerations are also applicable to the operations of key suppliers, or customers, such as coal producers and industrial power users, and may impact the cost for their products or their demand for the registrants' services.
the following is a discussion of the more significant environmental matters.  see note 13 to the financial statements and "item 1. business - environmental matters" for additional information on environmental matters.
climate change physical effects associated with climate change could include the impact of changes in weather patterns, such as storm frequency and intensity, and the resultant potential damage, as applicable, to the registrants' generation assets, electricity transmission and delivery systems, as well as impacts on the registrants' customers.  in addition, changed weather patterns could potentially reduce annual rainfall in areas where ppl, ppl energy supply, lke, lg&e and ku have hydroelectric generating facilities or where river water is used to cool their fossil and nuclear (as applicable) powered generators.  the registrants cannot currently predict whether their businesses will experience these potential risks or estimate the cost of their related consequences.
in june 2013, president obama released his climate action plan which reiterates the goal of reducing ghg emissions in the u.s. through such actions as regulating power plant emissions, promoting increased use of renewables and clean energy technology, and establishing more restrictive energy efficiency standards.  additionally, the climate action plan calls for the u.s. to prepare for the impacts of climate change.  requirements related to this could affect the registrants and others in the industry as modifications may be needed to electricity delivery systems to improve the ability to withstand major storms in order to meet those requirements.  as further described below, the epa has proposed rules pursuant to this directive, which it expects to finalize in the second or third quarter of 2015.  the epa has also announced that it will be developing a federal implementation plan which would apply to any states that fail to submit an acceptable state implementation plan.  the administration's increase in its estimate of the "social cost of carbon" (which is used to calculate benefits associated with proposed regulations) from $23.80 to $38 per metric ton for 2015 may also lead to more costly regulatory requirements.
in january 2014, the epa issued a revised proposal to regulate carbon dioxide emissions from new power plants.  the proposed limits for coal-fired plants can only be achieved through carbon capture and sequestration, a technology that is not presently commercially viable and, therefore, effectively preclude the construction of new coal-fired plants.  the proposed standards for new gas-fired plants may also not be continuously achievable.  the preclusion of new coal-fired plants and the compliance difficulties posed for new gas-fired plants could have a significant industry-wide impact.
the epa has also issued a proposed regulation addressing carbon dioxide emissions from existing power plants.  the existing plant proposal contains stringent, state-specific rate-based reduction goals to be achieved in two phases (2020-2029 and 2030 and beyond).  the regulation of carbon dioxide emissions from existing plants could have a significant industry-wide impact depending on the structure and stringency of the final rule and state implementation plans.
waters of the united states on april 21, 2014, the epa and the u.s. army corps of engineers published a proposed rule that could greatly expand the clean water act definition of waters of the united states.  if the definition is expanded as proposed, permits and other regulatory requirements may be imposed for many matters presently not covered (including vegetation management for transmission lines and activities affecting storm water conveyances and wetlands), the implications of which could be significant.  the epa plans to make certain changes to the proposed regulation based on comments received.  the u.s. house and senate are considering legislation to block this regulation.  until a final rule is issued, the registrants cannot predict the outcome of the pending rulemaking.
in june 2010, the epa proposed two approaches to regulating the disposal and management of ccrs (as either hazardous or non-hazardous) under the rcra.  on december 19, 2014, the epa issued its pre-publication version of the rule regulating coal combustion residuals (ccrs), imposing extensive new requirements, including location restrictions, design and operating standards, groundwater monitoring and corrective action requirements and closure and post-closure care requirements on ccr impoundments and landfills that are located on active power plants and are not closed.  under the rule, the epa will regulate ccrs as non-hazardous under subtitle d of rcra and allow beneficial use of ccrs with some restrictions.  the ccr rule will become effective six months after publication in the federal register with publication expected in early 2015.  ppl expects that its plants using surface impoundments for management and disposal of ccrs or the past management of ccrs and continued use to manage waste waters will be most impacted by this rule.  the rule's specific closure requirements for ccr impoundments and landfills may require increases to aros for these facilities at the registrants' coal-fired plants.
ppl, ppl energy supply, lke, lg&e and ku cannot predict how this rule will impact their facilities, but the financial and operational impact could be significant.
in june 2013, the epa published proposed regulations to revise discharge limitations for steam electric generation wastewater permits.  the proposed limitations are based on the epa review of available treatment technologies and their capacity for reducing pollutants and include new requirements for fly ash and bottom ash transport water and metal cleaning waste waters, as well as new limits for scrubber wastewater and landfill leachate.  the epa's proposed elg regulations also contain some requirements that would affect the inspection and operation of ccr facilities, if finalized as proposed.  the proposal contains several alternative approaches, some of which could significantly impact ppl's, ppl energy supply's, lke's, lg&e's and ku's coal-fired plants.  the final regulation is expected to be issued by the third or fourth quarter of 2015.  at the present time, ppl, ppl energy supply, lke, lg&e and ku are unable to predict the outcome of this matter or estimate a range of reasonably possible costs, but the costs could be significant.  pending finalization of the elgs, certain states (including pennsylvania and kentucky) and environmental groups are proposing more stringent technology-based limits in permit renewals.  depending on the final limits imposed, the costs of compliance could vary significantly from the current capital expenditures projections as discussed in "capital expenditures" above and costs could be imposed ahead of federal timelines.
the epa's final 316(b) rule for existing facilities became effective on october 14, 2014, and regulates cooling water intake structures and their impact on aquatic organisms.  states are allowed considerable authority to interpret the rule.  the rule requires existing facilities to choose between several options to reduce the impact to aquatic organisms that become trapped against water intake screens (impingement) and to determine the intake structure's impact on aquatic organisms pulled through a plant's cooling water system (entrainment).  plants already equipped with closed-cycle cooling, an acceptable option, would likely not incur substantial costs.  once-through systems would likely require additional technology to comply with the rule.  mill creek unit 1 and brunner island (all units) are the only units expected to be impacted.  ppl, ppl energy supply, lke, lg&e and ku are evaluating compliance strategies but do not presently expect the compliance costs to be material.
mats in february 2012, the epa finalized the mats rule requiring fossil-fuel fired plants to reduce emissions of mercury and other hazardous air pollutants by april 16, 2015.  the rule was challenged by industry groups and states, and was upheld by the d.c. circuit court in april 2014.  on november 25, 2014, the u.s. supreme court granted a petition for review of the rule.  the rule provides for a three-year compliance deadline with the potential for a one-year extension as provided under the statute.  lg&e, ku and ppl energy supply have received compliance extensions for certain plants.  ppl, ppl energy supply, lke, lg&e and ku are generally well-positioned to comply with mats, primarily due to recent investments in environmental controls at ppl energy supply and approved ecr plans to install additional controls at some of lg&e's and ku's kentucky plants.
with respect to ppl energy supply's pennsylvania plants, ppl energy supply believes that installation of chemical additive systems and other controls may be necessary at certain coal-fired plants, the capital cost of which is not expected to be significant.  ppl energy supply continues to analyze the potential impact of mats on operating costs.  ppl energy supply is retrofitting the scrubbers at its colstrip, montana plant, the cost of which is not expected to be significant.  ppl energy supply will suspend operations at the corette plant by april 2015 and the plant is expected to be retired in august 2015 due to expected market conditions and costs to comply with the mats requirements.  the corette plant asset group was determined to be impaired in december 2013.  see "application of critical accounting policies - asset impairment (excluding investments)" for additional information.
lg&e's and ku's anticipated retirements of generating units at the cane run and green river plants in 2015 and 2016 are in response to mats and other environmental regulations.  the retirement of these units is not expected to have a material impact on the financial condition or results of operations of ppl, lke, lg&e or ku.
csapr the epa's csapr addresses the interstate transport of fine particulates and ozone.  in accordance with an october 2014 u.s. court of appeals decision, csapr establishes interstate allowance trading programs for sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxide emissions from fossil-fueled plants in two phases:  phase 1 in 2015 and phase 2 in 2017.  sulfur dioxide emissions are subject to an annual trading program and nitrogen oxide emissions are subject to annual and ozone season programs.  oral arguments pertaining to outstanding challenges to the epa's csapr will be heard before the d.c. circuit court on february 25, 2015.
although ppl, ppl energy supply, lke, lg&e and ku do not anticipate incurring significant costs to comply with these programs, changes in market or operating conditions could result in impacts that are higher than anticipated.
regional haze under the epa's regional haze programs (developed to eliminate man-made visibility degradation by 2064), states are required to make reasonable progress every decade through the application, among other things, of best available retrofit technology (bart) on power plants commissioned between 1962 and 1977.  to date, the focus of regional haze regulation has been on the western u.s.  as for the eastern u.s., the epa determined that region-wide reductions under the csapr trading program could, in most instances, be utilized under state programs to satisfy bart requirements for sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxides.  however, the epa's determination is being challenged by environmental groups and others.
lg&e's mill creek units 3 and 4 are required to reduce sulfuric acid mist emissions because they were determined to have a regional haze impact.  these reductions are required in the regional haze state implementation plan that the kentucky division for air quality submitted to the epa.  lg&e is currently installing sorbent injection technology to comply with these reductions, the costs of which are not expected to be significant.
in montana, the epa finalized a federal implementation plan (fip) of the regional haze rules in september 2012, with stricter emissions limits for ppl energy supply's colstrip units 1 & 2 based on the installation of new controls (no limits or additional controls were specified for colstrip units 3 & 4), and stricter emission limits for the corette plant (which are not based on additional controls).  the cost of the additional controls for colstrip units 1 & 2 could be significant.  ppl energy supply is meeting the stricter permit limits at corette without any significant changes to operations, although other requirements have led to the planned suspension of operations at corette beginning in april 2015 (see "mats" discussion above).  both ppl and environmental groups have appealed the final fip to the u.s. court of appeals for the ninth circuit and litigation is ongoing.
national ambient air quality standards in 2008, the epa revised the national ambient air quality standard for ozone.  as a result, states in the ozone transport region (otr), including pennsylvania, are required by the clean air act to impose additional reductions in nitrogen oxide emissions based upon reasonably available control technologies.  the padep is finalizing a rule requiring nitrogen oxide reductions for fossil-fueled plants.  the padep is expected to finalize this rule in early 2015.  the epa proposed to further strengthen the ozone standard in november 2014, which could lead to further nitrogen oxide reductions, particularly for ppl, ppl energy supply, lke, lg&e, and ku fossil-fueled plants within the otr.  the epa is under court order to finalize the standard by october 1, 2015.  states are also obligated to address interstate transport issues associated with new ozone standards through the establishment of "good neighbor" state implementation plans for those states that are found to contribute significantly to another states' non-attainment.  the epa recently sent a policy memo to state agencies to facilitate the development of these plans, including modeling data showing which states are contributing.  the implementation of such plans could have an impact on the structure and stringency of csapr phase 2 reductions (discussed above).
in 2010, the epa finalized a new, more stringent ambient air standard for sulfur dioxide and required states to identify areas that meet the standard and areas that are in "non-attainment".  in july 2013, the epa finalized non-attainment designations for parts of the country, including part of jefferson county in kentucky and part of yellowstone county in montana.  attainment is due for both areas by 2018.  states are working to finalize designations for other areas and in april 2014, the epa proposed timeframes for completing these designations.  ppl, ppl energy supply, lke, lg&e and ku anticipate that some of the measures required for compliance with the csapr, the mats, or the regional haze rules (as discussed above), such as upgraded or new sulfur dioxide scrubbers at certain plants and, in the case of lg&e and ku, the previously announced retirement of coal-fired generating units at the cane run, green river and tyrone plants, will help to achieve compliance with the new sulfur dioxide standard.  if additional reductions were to be required, the financial impact could be significant.  the short-term impact on the corette plant from the epa's final designation of part of yellowstone county in montana as non-attainment is not expected to be significant, as the plant's operations will be suspended by april 2015 and the plant is expected to be retired in august 2015.  in addition, mdeq recently submitted a request to the epa for a determination that this area is in attainment. if the epa agrees with this request, then the deadlines associated with non-attainment would be suspended.
in december 2012, the epa finalized a new, more stringent, annual national ambient air quality standard for fine particulates.  the rules were challenged by the d.c. circuit court and upheld in may 2014.  final designations for the 2012 particulate standard were published in january 2015 identifying non-attainment areas in pennsylvania and kentucky.  ppl energy supply plants in pennsylvania are not expected to be required to make further reductions towards achieving attainment.  in kentucky, mitigation in jefferson county is expected to be supported by projects already underway at cane run and mill creek and in northern kentucky by projects at ghent and trimble county.  states have until 2021 to achieve attainment in non-attainment areas.
competition see "competition" under each of ppl's reportable segments in "item 1. business - general - segment information" and "item 1a. risk factors" for a discussion of competitive factors affecting the registrants.
new accounting guidance see notes 1 and 22 to the financial statements for a discussion of new accounting guidance adopted and pending adoption.
application of critical accounting policies financial condition and results of operations are impacted by the methods, assumptions and estimates used in the application of critical accounting policies.  the following accounting policies are particularly important to an understanding of the reported financial condition or results of operations, and require management to make estimates or other judgments of matters that are inherently uncertain.  changes in the estimates or other judgments included within these accounting policies could result in a significant change to the information presented in the financial statements (these accounting policies are also discussed in note 1 to the financial statements).  senior management has reviewed with ppl's audit committee these critical accounting policies, the following disclosures regarding their application and the estimates and assumptions regarding them.
price risk management (all registrants except ppl electric)
see "price risk management" in note 1 to the financial statements, as well as "risk management" above.
defined benefits
certain of the registrants' subsidiaries sponsor or participate in, as applicable, various qualified funded and non-qualified unfunded defined benefit pension plans and both funded and unfunded other postretirement benefit plans.  these plans are applicable to the majority of the registrants' employees (based on eligibility for their applicable plans).  the registrants and certain of their subsidiaries record an asset or liability to recognize the funded status of all defined benefit plans with an offsetting entry to aoci or in the case of ppl electric, lg&e and ku, regulatory assets and liabilities for amounts that are expected to be recovered through regulated customer rates.  consequently, the funded status of all defined benefit plans is fully recognized on the balance sheets.  see note 11 to the financial statements for additional information about the plans and the accounting for defined benefits.
a summary of plan sponsors by registrant and whether a registrant or its subsidiaries sponsor (s) or participate in and receives allocations (p) from those plans is shown in the table below.
plan sponsor   ppl     supply             ppl electric      lke     lg&amp;e      ku ppl services       s         p                     p wpd (a)            s ppl montana                  s lke                                                             s          p          p lg&amp;e                                                                   s
(a)   does not sponsor or participate in other postretirement benefits plans.
management makes certain assumptions regarding the valuation of benefit obligations and the performance of plan assets.  when accounting for defined benefits, delayed recognition in earnings of differences between actual results and expected or estimated results is a guiding principle.  annual net periodic defined benefit costs are recorded in current earnings based on estimated results.  any differences between actual and estimated results are recorded in aoci, or in the case of ppl electric, lg&e and ku, regulatory assets and liabilities, for amounts that are expected to be recovered through regulated customer rates.  these amounts in aoci or regulatory assets and liabilities are amortized to income over future periods.  the delayed recognition allows for a smoothed recognition of costs over the working lives of the employees who benefit under the plans.  the primary assumptions are:
·   discount rate - the discount rate is used in calculating the present value of benefits, which is based on projections of benefit payments to be made in the future. the objective in selecting the discount rate is to measure the single amount that, if invested at the measurement date in a portfolio of high-quality debt instruments, would provide the necessary future cash flows to pay the accumulated benefits when due.
·   expected return on plan assets - management projects the long-term rates of return on plan assets that will be earned over the life of the plan. these projected returns reduce the net benefit costs the registrants record currently.
·   rate of compensation increase - management projects employees' annual pay increases, which are used to project employees' pension benefits at retirement.
·   health care cost trend rate - management projects the expected increases in the cost of health care.
in addition to the economic assumptions above that are evaluated annually, management must also make assumptions regarding the life expectancy of employees covered under their defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans.  at december 31, 2014, the plan sponsors adopted the new mortality tables issued by the society of actuaries in october 2014 (rp-2014 base tables) for all u.s. defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans.  in addition, plan sponsors updated the basis for estimating projected mortality improvements and selected the irs bb-2d two-dimensional improvement scale on a generational basis for all u.s. defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans.  these new mortality assumptions reflect the recognition of both improved life expectancies and the expectation of continuing improvements in life expectancies.  the use of the new base tables and improvement scale resulted in an increase
to u.s. defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit obligations, an increase to future expense and a decrease to funded status.
for the year ended december 31, 2014, ppl's u.s. defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans incurred actuarial losses of $621 million primarily due to the decrease in discount rates and updated mortality assumptions partially offset by asset gains in excess of assumed rates of return.
in selecting the discount rate for its u.k. pension plans, wpd starts with a cash flow analysis of the expected benefit payment stream for its plans.  these plan-specific cash flows are matched against a spot-rate yield curve to determine the assumed discount rate, which uses an iboxx british pounds sterling denominated corporate bond index as its base.  from this base, those bonds with the lowest and highest yields are eliminated to develop an appropriate subset of bonds.  an individual bond matching approach, which is used for the u.s. pension plans as discussed below, is not used for the u.k. pension plans because the universe of bonds in the u.k. is not deep enough to adequately support such an approach.
in selecting the discount rates for u.s. defined benefit plans, the plan sponsors start with a cash flow analysis of the expected benefit payment stream for their plans.  the plan-specific cash flows are matched against the coupons and expected maturity values of individually selected bonds.  this bond matching process begins with the full universe of aa-rated non-callable (or callable with make-whole provisions) bonds, serving as the base from which those with the lowest and highest yields are eliminated to develop an appropriate subset of bonds.  individual bonds are then selected based on the timing of each plan's cash flows and parameters are established as to the percentage of each individual bond issue that could be hypothetically purchased and the surplus reinvestment rates to be assumed.
to determine the expected return on plan assets, plan sponsors project the long-term rates of return on plan assets using a best-estimate of expected returns, volatilities and correlations for each asset class.  each plan's specific current and expected asset allocations are also considered in developing a reasonable return assumption.
in selecting a rate of compensation increase, plan sponsors consider past experience in light of movements in inflation rates.
the following table provides the weighted-average assumptions used for discount rate, expected return on plan assets and rate of compensation increase at december 31.
rate of compensation increase pension - ppl (u.s.)                            3.92%        3.97%
in selecting health care cost trend rates, plan sponsors consider past performance and forecasts of health care costs.  at december 31, 2014, the health care cost trend rates for all plans were 7.2% for 2015, gradually declining to an ultimate trend rate of 5.0% in 2020.
a variance in the assumptions listed above could have a significant impact on accrued defined benefit liabilities or assets, reported annual net periodic defined benefit costs and aoci or regulatory assets and liabilities.  at december 31, 2014, the defined benefit plans were recorded in the registrants' financial statements as follows.
other postretirement benefit liabilities            242              44                40         152            85         52
statement of income:
defined benefits costs                                 $88             $42               $14         $24            $9         $5
the following tables reflect changes in certain assumptions based on the registrants' primary defined benefit plans.  the tables reflect either an increase or decrease in each assumption.  the inverse of this change would impact the accrued defined benefit liabilities or assets, reported annual net periodic defined benefit costs and aoci or regulatory assets and liabilities by a similar amount in the opposite direction.  the sensitivities below reflect an evaluation of the change based solely on a change in that assumption.
rate of compensation increase       0.25%
health care cost trend rate (a)        1%
(a)   only impacts other postretirement benefits.
defined benefit                                          regulatory         defined benefit actuarial assumption                                 liabilities       aoci (pre-tax)             assets/liabilities                   costs ppl discount rate                                  $548       $(459)                                    $89                     $36
rate of compensation increase                    76                 (64)                             12                      13
health care cost trend rate (a)                   5                 (1)                               4                       1
rate of compensation increase                     9                 (9)                                                       2
rate of compensation increase                     7                                                   7                       1
rate of compensation increase          11    (6)         5     1
health care cost trend rate (a)         4    (1)         4
defined benefit                                          regulatory         defined benefit liabilities       aoci (pre-tax)             assets/liabilities                   costs lg&amp;e discount rates                                   21                 n/a                              21                       2
rate of compensation increase                     2                 n/a                               2
health care cost trend rate (a)                   1                 n/a                               1
rate of compensation increase                     3                 n/a                               3
health care cost trend rate (a)                   3                 n/a                               3
(a)   only impacts other postretirement benefits.
asset impairment (excluding investments)
impairment analyses are performed for long-lived assets that are subject to depreciation or amortization whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that a long-lived asset's carrying amount may not be recoverable.  for these long-lived assets classified as held and used, such events or changes in circumstances are:
·   a significant decrease in the market price of an asset;
·   a significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which an asset is being used or in its physical condition;
·   a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate;
·   an accumulation of costs significantly in excess of the amount originally expected for the acquisition or construction of an asset;
·   a current period operating or cash flow loss combined with a history of losses or a forecast that demonstrates continuing losses; or
·   a current expectation that, more likely than not, an asset will be sold or otherwise disposed of significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful life.
for a long-lived asset classified as held and used, an impairment is recognized when the carrying amount of the asset is not recoverable and exceeds its fair value.  the carrying amount is not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset.  if the asset is impaired, an impairment loss is recorded to adjust the asset's carrying amount to its estimated fair value.  management must make significant judgments to estimate future cash flows, including the useful lives of the assets, the forward prices for revenue and fuel components in the markets where the assets are utilized, the amount of capital and operations and maintenance spending and management's intended use of the assets.  alternate courses of action are considered to recover the carrying amount of a long-lived asset, and estimated cash flows from the "most likely" alternative are used to assess impairment whenever one alternative is clearly the most likely outcome.  if no alternative is clearly the most likely, then a probability-weighted approach is used taking into consideration estimated cash flows from the alternatives.  for assets tested for impairment as of the balance sheet date, the estimates of future cash flows used in that test consider the likelihood of possible outcomes that existed at the balance sheet date, including an assessment of the likelihood of a future sale of the assets.  that assessment is not revised based on events that occur after the balance sheet date.  changes in assumptions and estimates could result in materially different results than those identified and recorded in the financial statements.
in september 2012, ppl energy supply announced its intention, beginning in april 2015, to place the corette coal-fired plant in montana in long-term reserve status, suspending the plant's operation, due to expected market conditions and the costs to comply with mats requirements.  ppl energy supply had been monitoring the plant for potential impairment since this announcement and until the fourth quarter of 2013, no impairment was indicated as various price scenarios allowed for recovery of the asset.  during the fourth quarter of 2013, in connection with the completion of its annual business planning process, management updated its fundamental view for long-term power and gas prices.  based upon this fundamental view, management altered its expectations regarding the probability that the corette plant would operate subsequent to its initially being placed in long-term reserve status.  as a result, based on an undiscounted cash flow analysis, the carrying amount for corette was determined to no longer be recoverable.  ppl energy supply performed an internal analysis using an income approach based on discounted cash flows to assess the fair value of the corette asset group.  assumptions used in the fair
value assessment were forward energy prices, expectations for demand for energy in corette's market and expected operation and maintenance and capital expenditures that were consistent with assumptions used in the business planning process.  through this analysis, ppl energy supply determined the fair value of the asset group to be negligible.  this resulted in ppl and ppl energy supply recording an impairment charge of $65 million, or $39 million after-tax for the corette plant and related excess emission allowances.  ppl energy supply now expects to retire the corette plant in august 2015.
ppl montana held a joint operating license issued for the kerr dam project.  the license extends until 2035 and, between 2015 and 2025, the confederated salish and kootenai tribes of the flathead nation (the tribes) have the option to purchase, hold and operate the kerr dam project.  the parties submitted the issue of the appropriate amount of the conveyance price to arbitration in february 2013.  in march 2014, the arbitration panel issued its final decision holding that the conveyance price payable by the tribes to ppl montana was $18 million.  as a result of the decision, ppl energy supply performed a recoverability test on the kerr dam project.  ppl energy supply performed an internal analysis using an income approach based on discounted cash flows (a ppl proprietary model) to assess the fair value of the kerr dam project.  assumptions used in the ppl proprietary model were the conveyance price, forward energy price curves, forecasted generation, and forecasted operation and maintenance expenditures that were consistent with assumptions used in the business planning process and a market participant discount rate.  through this analysis, ppl energy supply determined the fair value of the kerr dam project to be $29 million at march 31, 2014, resulting in ppl and ppl energy supply recording an impairment charge of $18 million, or $10 million after-tax. the kerr dam project was included in the sale of the montana hydroelectric facilities and the assets were removed from the balance sheet.
the depressed levels of energy and capacity prices in pjm, as well as management's forward view of these prices using its fundamental pricing models, has put pressure on the recoverability assessment of ppl energy supply's investment in its pennsylvania coal-fired generation assets.  in the fourth quarter of 2013, after updating its fundamental pricing models in conjunction with the annual business planning process, management tested the brunner island and montour plants for impairment and concluded neither plant was impaired as of december 31, 2013.  the recoverability assessment is very sensitive to forward energy and capacity price assumptions, as well as forecasted operation and maintenance and capital spending.  therefore, a further decline in forecasted long-term energy or capacity prices or changes in environmental laws requiring additional capital or operation and maintenance expenditures, could negatively impact ppl energy supply's operations of these facilities and potentially result in future impairment charges for some or all of the carrying value of these plants.  there were no events or changes in circumstances that indicated a recoverability assessment was required to be performed in 2014.  the carrying value of the pennsylvania coal-fired generation assets tested was $2.6 billion as of december 31, 2014 ($1.4 billion for brunner island and $1.2 billion for montour).
see note 13 to the financial statements for additional information on mats and other environmental requirements for coal-fired generation plants.
for a long-lived asset classified as held for sale, an impairment exists when the carrying amount of the asset (disposal group) exceeds its fair value less cost to sell.  if the asset (disposal group) is impaired, an impairment loss is recorded to adjust the carrying amount to its fair value less cost to sell.  a gain is recognized in future periods for any subsequent increase in fair value less cost to sell, but not in excess of the cumulative impairment previously recognized.
for determining fair value, quoted market prices in active markets are the best evidence.  however, when market prices are unavailable, ppl, ppl energy supply, lke, lg&e and ku consider all valuation techniques appropriate under the circumstances and for which market participant inputs can be obtained.  generally discounted cash flows are used to estimate fair value, which incorporates market participant inputs when available.  discounted cash flows are calculated by estimating future cash flow streams and determining the present value of the cash flow streams using risk adjusted discount rates.
goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level.  ppl has determined its reporting units to be at the same level as its reportable segments.  ppl energy supply, lke, lg&e and ku each operate within a single reportable segment and single reporting unit.  a goodwill impairment test is performed annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the reporting unit may be greater than the reporting unit's fair value.  additionally, goodwill is tested for impairment after a portion of goodwill has been allocated to a business to be disposed of.
ppl, ppl energy supply, lke, lg&e and ku may elect either to initially make a qualitative evaluation about the likelihood of an impairment of goodwill or to bypass the qualitative evaluation and test goodwill for impairment using a two-step quantitative test.  if the qualitative evaluation (referred to as "step zero") is elected and the assessment results in a determination that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than the carrying amount, the two-step quantitative impairment test is not necessary.
when the two-step quantitative impairment test is elected or required as a result of the step zero assessment, in step one, ppl, ppl energy supply, lke, lg&e and ku determine whether a potential impairment exists by comparing the estimated fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill, on the measurement date.  if the estimated fair value exceeds its carrying amount, goodwill is not considered impaired.  if the carrying amount exceeds the estimated fair value, the second step is performed to measure the amount of impairment loss, if any.
the second step of the quantitative test requires a calculation of the implied fair value of goodwill, which is determined in the same manner as the amount of goodwill in a business combination.  that is, the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is allocated to all of the assets and liabilities of that reporting unit as if the reporting unit had been acquired in a business combination and the estimated fair value of the reporting unit was the price paid to acquire the reporting unit.  the excess of the estimated fair value of a reporting unit over the amounts assigned to its assets and liabilities is the implied fair value of goodwill.  the implied fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill is then compared with the carrying amount of that goodwill.  if the carrying amount exceeds the implied fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess.  the loss recognized cannot exceed the carrying amount of the reporting unit's goodwill.
ppl (for its u.k. regulated and kentucky regulated segments), and individually, lke, lg&e and ku elected to perform the qualitative step zero evaluation of goodwill in the fourth quarter of 2014.  these evaluations considered the excess of fair value over the carrying value of each reporting unit that was calculated during step one of the quantitative impairment tests performed in the fourth quarter of 2012, and the relevant events and circumstances that occurred since those tests were performed including:
·   current year financial performance versus the prior year,
·   changes in planned capital expenditures,
·   the consistency of forecasted free cash flows,
·   earnings quality and sustainability,
·   changes in market participant discount rates,
·   changes in long-term growth rates,
·   changes in ppl's market capitalization, and
·   the overall economic and regulatory environments in which these regulated entities operate.
based on the overall favorable results of these evaluations, management did not conclude it was more likely than not that the fair value of these reporting units were less than their carrying values.  as such, the two-step quantitative impairment test was not performed.
ppl (for its supply segment) and ppl energy supply elected to bypass step zero.  therefore, the goodwill for these reporting units was tested for impairment using the quantitative test in the fourth quarter of 2014, and no impairment was recognized.  management used both discounted cash flows and market multiples, which required significant assumptions, to estimate the fair value of the reporting units.  a decrease in the forecasted cash flows of 10%, an increase in the discount rate by 0.25%, or a 10% decrease in the market multiples would not have resulted in an impairment of goodwill for these reporting units.
losses are accrued for the estimated impacts of various conditions, situations or circumstances involving uncertain or contingent future outcomes.  for loss contingencies, the loss must be accrued if (1) information is available that indicates it is probable that a loss has been incurred, given the likelihood of the uncertain future events, and (2) the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated.  accounting guidance defines "probable" as cases in which "the future event or events are likely to occur."  the accrual of contingencies that might result in gains is not recorded unless recovery is assured.  potential loss contingencies for environmental remediation, litigation claims, regulatory penalties and other events are continuously assessed.
the accounting aspects of estimated loss accruals include (1) the initial identification and recording of the loss, (2) the determination of triggering events for reducing a recorded loss accrual, and (3) the ongoing assessment as to whether a recorded loss accrual is sufficient.  all three of these aspects require significant judgment by management.  internal expertise and outside experts (such as lawyers and engineers) are consulted, as necessary, to help estimate the probability that a loss has been incurred and the amount (or range) of the loss.
for ppl, see note 6 to the financial statements for a discussion of the ofgem review of line loss calculation, including the $65 million increase to this liability recorded in 2014.
certain other events have been identified that could give rise to a loss, but that do not meet the conditions for accrual.  such events are disclosed, but not recorded, when it is "reasonably possible" that a loss has been incurred.  accounting guidance defines "reasonably possible" as cases in which "the future event or events occurring is more than remote, but less than likely to occur."
when an estimated loss is accrued, the triggering events for subsequently adjusting the loss accrual are identified, where applicable.  the triggering events generally occur when new information becomes known, the contingency has been resolved and the actual loss is settled or written off, or when the risk of loss has diminished or been eliminated.  the following are some of the triggering events that provide for the adjustment of certain recorded loss accruals:
·   allowances for uncollectible accounts are reduced when accounts are written off after prescribed collection procedures have been exhausted, a better estimate of the allowance is determined or underlying amounts are ultimately collected.
·   environmental and other litigation contingencies are reduced when the contingency is resolved and actual payments are made, a better estimate of the loss is determined or the loss is no longer considered probable.
·   actions or decisions by certain regulators could result in a better estimate of a previously recorded loss accrual.
loss accruals are reviewed on a regular basis to assure that the recorded potential loss exposures are appropriate.  this involves ongoing communication and analyses with internal and external legal counsel, engineers, business unit management and other parties.
see notes 6 and 13 to the financial statements for disclosure of loss contingencies accrued and other potential loss contingencies that have not met the criteria for accrual.
aro liabilities are required to be recognized for legal obligations associated with the retirement of long-lived assets.  the initial obligation is measured at its estimated fair value.  an aro must be recognized when incurred if the fair value of the aro can be reasonably estimated.  an equivalent amount is recorded as an increase in the value of the capitalized asset and amortized to expense over the useful life of the asset.  until the obligation is settled, the liability is increased, through the recognition of accretion expense in the statement of income, for changes in the obligation due to the passage of time.
in the case of lg&e and ku, because costs of removal are collected in rates, the depreciation and accretion expenses related to an aro are recorded as a regulatory asset, such that there is no earnings impact.
see note 19 to the financial statements for additional information on aros.
in determining aros, management must make significant judgments and estimates to calculate fair value.  fair value is developed using an expected present value technique based on assumptions of market participants that considers estimated retirement costs in current period dollars that are inflated to the anticipated retirement date and then discounted back to the date the aro was incurred.  changes in assumptions and estimates included within the calculations of the fair value of aros could result in significantly different results than those identified and recorded in the financial statements.  estimated aro costs and settlement dates, which affect the carrying value of the aro and the related capitalized asset, are reviewed
periodically to ensure that any material changes are incorporated into the latest estimate of the aro.  any change to the capitalized asset, positive or negative, is generally amortized over the remaining life of the associated long-lived asset.
at december 31, 2014, the total recorded balances and information on the most significant recorded aros were as follows.
total aro           amount recorded      recorded            % of total            description nuclear decommissioning, ash ponds, ppl                   $761          $587                77                    landfills and natural gas mains ppl energy supply     425           369                 87                    nuclear decommissioning lke       285     218      76    ash ponds, landfills and natural gas mains
lg&amp;e      74      46      62   ash ponds, landfills and natural gas mains ku           211     172      82   ash ponds and landfills the most significant assumptions surrounding aros are the forecasted retirement costs (including the settlement dates and the timing of cash flows), the discount rates and the inflation rates.  at december 31, 2014, a 10% change to retirement cost, a 0.25% decrease in the discount rate or a 0.25% increase in the inflation rate would not have a significant impact on the aro liabilities of the registrants.  for ppl and ppl energy supply, there would be no significant change to the annual depreciation expense of the aro asset or the annual accretion expense of the aro liability as a result of these changes in assumptions.  as noted above, these factors do not impact the statements of income of lke, lg&e and ku.
significant management judgment is required in developing the provision for income taxes, primarily due to the uncertainty related to tax positions taken or expected to be taken in tax returns, valuation allowances on deferred tax assets and whether the undistributed earnings of wpd are considered indefinitely reinvested.
significant management judgment is required to determine the amount of benefit recognized related to an uncertain tax position.  tax positions are evaluated following a two-step process.  the first step requires an entity to determine whether, based on the technical merits supporting a particular tax position, it is more likely than not (greater than a 50% chance) that the tax position will be sustained.  this determination assumes that the relevant taxing authority will examine the tax position and is aware of all the relevant facts surrounding the tax position.  the second step requires an entity to recognize in the financial statements the benefit of a tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition criterion.  the benefit recognized is measured at the largest amount of benefit that has a likelihood of realization, upon settlement, that exceeds 50%.  management considers a number of factors in assessing the benefit to be recognized, including negotiation of a settlement.
on a quarterly basis, uncertain tax positions are reassessed by considering information known as of the reporting date.  based on management's assessment of new information, a tax benefit may subsequently be recognized for a previously unrecognized tax position, a previously recognized tax position may be derecognized, or the benefit of a previously recognized tax position may be remeasured.  the amounts ultimately paid upon resolution of issues raised by taxing authorities may differ materially from the amounts accrued and may materially impact the financial statements in the future.
at december 31, 2014, it was reasonably possible that during the next 12 months the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits could increase or decrease by as much as the following.
these potential changes could result from subsequent recognition, derecognition and/or changes in the measurement of uncertain tax positions related to the timing and utilization of tax credits and the related impact on alternative minimum tax and other credits, the timing and/or valuation of certain deductions, intercompany transactions and unitary filing groups.  the events that could cause these changes are direct settlements with taxing authorities, litigation, legal or administrative guidance by relevant taxing authorities and the lapse of an applicable statute of limitation.  in addition, for ppl, this change could also relate to the creditability of foreign taxes and the timing and utilization of foreign tax credits.  for ppl electric, lke, lg&e and ku, no significant changes in unrecognized tax benefits are projected over the next 12 months.
the balance sheet classification of unrecognized tax benefits and the need for valuation allowances to reduce deferred tax assets also require significant management judgment.  unrecognized tax benefits are classified as current to the extent management expects to settle an uncertain tax position by payment or receipt of cash within one year of the reporting date.  valuation allowances are initially recorded and reevaluated each reporting period by assessing the likelihood of the ultimate realization of a deferred tax asset.  management considers a number of factors in assessing the realization of a deferred tax asset, including the reversal of temporary differences, future taxable income and ongoing prudent and feasible tax planning strategies.  any tax planning strategy utilized in this assessment must meet the recognition and measurement criteria utilized to account for an uncertain tax position.  management also considers the uncertainty posed by political risk and the effect of this uncertainty on the various factors that management takes into account in evaluating the need for valuation allowances.  the amount of deferred tax assets ultimately realized may differ materially from the estimates utilized in the computation of valuation allowances and may materially impact the financial statements in the future.
see note 5 to the financial statements for income tax disclosures, including management's conclusion that the undistributed earnings of wpd are considered indefinitely reinvested.  based on this conclusion, ppl global does not record u.s. income taxes on wpd's undistributed earnings.
wpd operates in an incentive-based regulatory structure under distribution licenses granted by ofgem.  wpd's electricity distribution revenues are set every five years (changing to every eight years beginning on april 1, 2015) through price controls that are not directly based on cost recovery.  therefore, wpd is not subject to accounting for the effects of certain types of regulation as prescribed by gaap and does not record regulatory assets and liabilities.
ppl electric, lg&e and ku, are subject to cost-based rate regulation.  as a result, the effects of regulatory actions are required to be reflected in the financial statements.  assets and liabilities are recorded that result from the regulated ratemaking process that may not be recorded under gaap for non-regulated entities.  regulatory assets generally represent incurred costs that have been deferred because such costs are probable of future recovery in regulated customer rates.  regulatory liabilities are recognized for amounts expected to be returned through future regulated customer rates.  in certain cases, regulatory liabilities are recorded based on an understanding or agreement with the regulator that rates have been set to recover costs that are expected to be incurred in the future, and the regulated entity is accountable for any amounts charged pursuant to such rates and not yet expended for the intended purpose.
management continually assesses whether the regulatory assets are probable of future recovery by considering factors such as changes in the applicable regulatory and political environments, the ability to recover costs through regulated rates, recent rate orders to other regulated entities, and the status of any pending or potential deregulation legislation.  based on this continual assessment, management believes the existing regulatory assets are probable of recovery.  this assessment reflects the current political and regulatory climate at the state and federal levels, and is subject to change in the future.  if future recovery of costs ceases to be probable, the regulatory asset would be written-off.  additionally, the regulatory agencies can provide flexibility in the manner and timing of recovery of regulatory assets.
at december 31, 2014, regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities were recorded as reflected in the table below.  all regulatory assets are either currently being recovered under specific rate orders, represent amounts that are expected to be recovered in future rates or benefit future periods based upon established regulatory practices.
see note 6 to the financial statements for additional information on regulatory assets and liabilities.
revenue recognition - unbilled revenue (ppl electric, lke, lg&e and ku)
revenues related to the sale of energy are recorded when service is rendered or when energy is delivered to customers.  because customers are billed on cycles which vary based on the timing of the actual meter reads taken throughout the month, estimates are recorded for unbilled revenues at the end of each reporting period.  such unbilled revenue amounts reflect estimates of the deliveries to customers since the date of the last reading of their meters.  the unbilled revenue estimates reflect consideration of factors including daily load models, estimated usage for each customer class, the effect of current and different rate schedules, the meter read schedule, the billing schedule, actual weather data and where applicable, the impact of weather normalization or other regulatory provisions of rate structures.  at december 31, unbilled revenues recorded on the balance sheets were as follows.
other information (all registrants)
ppl's audit committee has approved the independent auditor to provide audit and audit-related services, tax services and other services permitted by sarbanes-oxley and sec rules.  the audit and audit-related services include services in connection with statutory and regulatory filings, reviews of offering documents and registration statements, and internal control reviews.