item 1a. risk factors the following discussion of “risk factors” identifies the most significant factors that may adversely affect our business, operations, financial condition or future performance. this information should be read in conjunction with “management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and result of operations” and the consolidated financial statements and related notes. the following discussion of risks is not all-inclusive but is designed to highlight what we believe are important factors to consider when evaluating our business and expectations. these factors could cause our future results to differ materially from our historical results and from expectations reflected in forward-looking statements.
adverse conditions in the u.s. and international economies could impact our results of operations.
unfavorable economic conditions, such as a recession or economic slowdown in the united states or elsewhere, could negatively affect the affordability of and demand for some of our products and services. in difficult economic conditions, consumers may seek to reduce discretionary spending by forgoing purchases of our products, electing to use fewer higher margin services or obtaining lower-cost products and services offered by other companies. similarly, under these conditions, the business customers that we serve may delay purchasing decisions, delay full implementation of service offerings or reduce their use of services. in addition, adverse economic conditions may lead to an increased number of our consumer and business customers that are unable to pay for services. if these events were to occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
we face significant competition that may reduce our profits.
we face significant competition in our industry. the rapid development of new technologies, services and products has eliminated many of the traditional distinctions among wireless, cable, internet, local and long distance communication services and brought new competitors to our markets, including other telephone companies, cable companies, wireless service providers, satellite providers, application and device providers, electric utilities and providers of voip services. while these changes have enabled us to offer new types of products and services, they have also allowed other providers to broaden the scope of their own competitive offerings. our ability to compete effectively will depend on, among other things, our network quality, capacity and coverage, the pricing of our products and services, the quality of our customer service, our development of new and enhanced products and services, the reach and quality of our sales and distribution channels and our capital resources. it will also depend on how successfully we anticipate and respond to various factors affecting our industry, including new technologies and business models, changes in consumer preferences and demand for existing services, demographic trends and economic conditions. if we are not able to respond successfully to these competitive challenges, we could experience reduced profits.
if we are not able to adapt to changes in technology and address changing consumer demand on a timely basis, we may experience a decline in the demand for our services, be unable to implement our business strategy and experience reduced profits.
our industry is experiencing rapid change as new technologies are developed that offer consumers an array of choices for their communications needs. in order to grow and remain competitive, we will need to adapt to future changes in technology, enhance our existing offerings and introduce new offerings to address our customers’ changing demands. if we are unable to meet future challenges from competing technologies on a timely basis or at an acceptable cost, we could lose customers to our competitors. we may not be able to accurately predict technological trends or the success of new services in the market. in addition, there could be legal or regulatory restraints on our introduction of new services. if our services fail to gain acceptance in the marketplace, or if costs associated with implementation and completion of the introduction of these services materially increase, our ability to retain and attract customers could be adversely affected.
in addition to introducing new technologies and offerings, we must phase out outdated and unprofitable technologies and services. if we are unable to do so on a cost-effective basis, we could experience reduced profits. in addition, there could be legal or regulatory restraints on our ability to phase out current services.
we depend on key suppliers and vendors to provide equipment that we need to operate our business.
we depend on various key suppliers and vendors to provide us, directly or through other suppliers, with equipment and services, such as switch and network equipment and handsets, that we need in order to operate our business and provide products to our customers. for example, our handset and other device suppliers often rely on one vendor for the manufacture and supply of critical components, such as chipsets, used in their devices. if these suppliers or vendors fail to provide equipment or service on a timely basis or fail to meet our performance expectations, we may be unable to provide products and services as and when requested by our customers. we also may be unable to continue to maintain or upgrade our networks. because of the costs and time lags that can be associated with transitioning from one supplier to another, our business could be substantially disrupted if we were required to, or chose to, replace the products or services of one or more major suppliers with products or services from another source, especially if the replacement became necessary on short notice. any such disruption could increase our costs, decrease our operating efficiencies and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
the suppliers and vendors on which we rely may also be subject to litigation with respect to technology on which we depend, including litigation involving claims of patent infringement. such claims have been growing rapidly in the communications industry. we are unable to predict whether our business will be affected by any such litigation. we expect our dependence on key suppliers to continue as we develop and introduce more advanced generations of technology.
changes in the regulatory framework under which we operate could adversely affect our business prospects or results of operations.
our domestic operations are subject to regulation by the fcc and other federal, state and local agencies, and our international operations are regulated by various foreign governments and international bodies. these regulatory regimes frequently restrict or impose conditions on our ability to operate in designated areas and to provide specified products or services. we are frequently required to maintain licenses for our operations and conduct our operations in accordance with prescribed standards. we are often involved in regulatory and other governmental proceedings related to the application of these requirements. it is impossible to predict with any certainty the outcome of pending federal and state regulatory proceedings relating to our operations, or the reviews by federal or state courts of regulatory rulings. without relief, existing laws and regulations may inhibit our ability to expand our business and introduce new products and services. similarly, we cannot guarantee that we will be successful in obtaining the licenses needed to carry out our business plan or in maintaining our existing licenses. for example, the fcc grants wireless licenses for terms generally lasting 10 years, subject to renewal. the loss of, or a material limitation on, certain of our licenses could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
new laws or regulations or changes to the existing regulatory framework at the federal, state and local, or international level could restrict the ways in which we manage our wireline and wireless networks, impose additional costs, impair revenue opportunities, and potentially impede our ability to provide services in a manner that would be attractive to us and our customers. for example, certain services could be subject to conflicting regulation by the fcc and/or various state and local authorities, which could significantly increase the cost of implementing and introducing new services. as another example, we hold certain wireless licenses that require us to comply with so-called “open access” fcc regulations, which generally require licensees of particular spectrum to allow customers to use devices and applications of their choice. in addition, our broadband internet access services are subject to various attempts to impose so-called “network neutrality” rules, some of which were affirmed and others vacated on appeal by the u.s. district court for the district of columbia in early 2014. proponents of these rules want to limit the ways that a broadband internet access service provider can structure business arrangements and manage its network. some of these parties have urged the fcc to “reclassify” broadband internet access service as a “telecommunications service” under title ii of the communications act, thus subjecting these services to traditional utility-style regulation. the fcc has an open proceeding concerning whether and what new regulation to adopt, and on what legal basis. the further regulation of broadband, wireless, and our other activities and any related court decisions could restrict our ability to compete in the marketplace and limit the return we can expect to achieve on past and future investments in our networks.
cyber attacks impacting our networks or systems could have an adverse effect on our business.
cyber attacks, including through the use of malware, computer viruses, dedicated denial of services attacks, credential harvesting and other means for obtaining unauthorized access to or disrupting the operation of our networks and systems and those of our service providers, could have an adverse effect on our business. cyber attacks may cause equipment failures, loss of information, including sensitive personal information of customers or employees or valuable technical and marketing information, as well as disruptions to our or our customers’ operations. cyber attacks against companies, including verizon, have increased in frequency, scope and potential harm in recent years. further, the perpetrators of cyber attacks are not restricted to particular groups or persons. these attacks may be committed by company employees or external actors operating in any geography, including jurisdictions where law enforcement measures to address such attacks are unavailable or ineffective, and may even be launched by or at the behest of nation states. while, to date, we have not been subject to cyber attacks which, individually or in the aggregate, have been material to our operations or financial condition, the preventive actions we take to reduce the risks associated with cyber attacks, including protection of our systems and networks, may be insufficient to repel or mitigate the effects of a major cyber attack in the future.
our inability to operate our wireline or wireless networks as a result of cyber attacks, even for a limited period of time, may result in significant expenses and/or loss of market share to other communications providers. the costs associated with a major cyber attack on verizon could include expensive incentives offered to existing customers and business partners to retain their business, increased expenditures on cyber security measures and the use of alternate resources, lost revenues from business interruption and litigation. the potential costs associated with these attacks could exceed the insurance coverage we maintain. further, certain of verizon’s businesses, such as those offering security solutions and infrastructure and cloud services to business customers, could be negatively affected if our ability to protect our own networks and systems is called into question as a result of a cyber attack. in addition, if we fail to prevent the theft of valuable information such as financial data, sensitive information about verizon and intellectual property, or if we fail to protect the privacy of customer and employee confidential data against cyber attacks, it could result in damage to our reputation, which could adversely impact customer and investor confidence. any of these occurrences could result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
natural disasters, terrorist acts or acts of war could cause damage to our infrastructure and result in significant disruptions to our operations.
our business operations are subject to interruption by natural disasters, power outages, terrorist attacks, other hostile acts and events beyond our control. such events could cause significant damage to our infrastructure upon which our business operations rely, resulting in degradation or disruption of service to our customers. while we maintain insurance coverage for some of these events, the potential liabilities associated with these events could exceed the insurance coverage we maintain. our system redundancy may be ineffective or inadequate, and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. these events could also damage the infrastructure of the suppliers that provide us with the equipment and services we need to operate our business and provide products to our customers. a natural disaster or other event causing significant physical damage could cause us to experience substantial losses resulting in significant recovery time and expenditures to resume operations. in addition, these occurrences could result in lost revenues from business interruption as well as damage to our reputation.
verizon’s debt has increased significantly and could increase further if verizon incurs additional debt in the future and does not retire existing debt.
as of december 31, 2014, verizon had approximately $113.3 billion of outstanding indebtedness, as well as approximately $7.9 billion of unused borrowing capacity under its existing credit facility. verizon’s debt level and related debt service obligations could have negative consequences, including:
•                             requiring verizon to dedicate significant cash flow from operations to the payment of principal, interest and other amounts payable on its debt and the preferred stock issued by the entity acquired from vodafone, which would reduce the funds verizon has available for other purposes, such as working capital, capital expenditures and acquisitions;
•   making it more difficult or expensive for verizon to obtain any necessary future financing for working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, debt refinancing, acquisitions or other purposes;
•   reducing verizon’s flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in its industry and market conditions;
•   making verizon more vulnerable in the event of a downturn in its business; and
•   exposing verizon to increased interest rate risk to the extent that its debt obligations are at variable interest rates.
in addition, the term loan agreement verizon entered into in connection with the wireless transaction requires verizon to maintain a certain leverage ratio unless verizon’s credit ratings are at or above a certain level, which could limit verizon’s ability to obtain additional financing in the future.
adverse changes in the credit markets could increase our borrowing costs and the availability of financing.
we require a significant amount of capital to operate and grow our business. we fund our capital needs in part through borrowings in the public and private credit markets. adverse changes in the credit markets, including increases in interest rates, could increase our cost of borrowing and/or make it more difficult for us to obtain financing for our operations or refinance existing indebtedness. in addition, our borrowing costs can be affected by short- and long-term debt ratings assigned by independent rating agencies, which are based, in significant part, on our performance as measured by customary credit metrics. a decrease in these ratings would likely increase our cost of borrowing and/or make it more difficult for us to obtain financing. a severe disruption in the global financial markets could impact some of the financial institutions with which we do business, and such instability could also affect our access to financing.
increases in costs for pension benefits and active and retiree healthcare benefits may reduce our profitability and increase our funding commitments.
with approximately 177,300 employees and approximately 209,000 retirees as of december 31, 2014 eligible to participate in verizon’s benefit plans, the costs of pension benefits and active and retiree healthcare benefits have a significant impact on our profitability. our costs of maintaining these plans, and the future funding requirements for these plans, are affected by several factors, including the continuing implementation of the provisions of the patient protection and affordable care act and the health care education reconciliation act of 2010, increases in healthcare costs, decreases in investment returns on funds held by our pension and other benefit plan trusts and changes in the discount rate and mortality assumptions used to calculate pension and other postretirement expenses. if we are unable to limit future increases in the costs of our benefit plans, those costs could reduce our profitability and increase our funding commitments.
a significant portion of our workforce is represented by labor unions, and we could incur additional costs or experience work stoppages as a result of the renegotiation of our labor contracts.
as of december 31, 2014, approximately 27% of our workforce was represented by labor unions. in 2015, we will be engaged in contract negotiations with labor unions representing approximately 39,000 employees of our wireline business. during the course of these negotiations we could experience lengthy work stoppages, which could adversely affect our business operations, including a loss of revenue and strained relationships with customers. we cannot predict the length of any such work stoppage. depending on the outcome of the negotiations, we may incur additional costs. in addition, while the workforce of our wireless business is almost entirely non-union, we cannot predict what level of success unions may have in organizing this workforce or the potentially negative impact it would have on our costs.
we are subject to a significant amount of litigation, which could require us to pay significant damages or settlements.
we are subject to a substantial amount of litigation, including, from time to time, shareholder derivative suits, patent infringement lawsuits, antitrust class actions, wage and hour class actions, personal injury claims and lawsuits relating to our advertising, sales, billing and collection practices. in addition, our wireless business also faces personal injury and consumer class action lawsuits relating to alleged health effects of wireless phones or radio frequency transmitters, and class action lawsuits that challenge marketing practices and disclosures relating to alleged adverse health effects of handheld wireless phones. we may incur significant expenses in defending these lawsuits. in addition, we may be required to pay significant awards or settlements.
item 7. management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations information required by this item is included in the 2014 verizon annual report to shareowners under the heading “management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations” on pages 10 through 30, which is incorporated herein by reference.