item 1a. risk factors.
investing in our securities involves risk. in addition to the other information contained in this report, you should consider the following risk factors before investing in our securities.
consolidation among cable and satellite providers, both domestically and internationally, could have an adverse effect on our revenue and profitability.
consolidation among cable and satellite operators has given the largest operators considerable leverage in their relationships with programmers, including us. in the u.s., approximately 90% of our distribution revenues come from the top 10 distributors. we currently have agreements in place with the major u.s. cable and satellite operators which expire at various times through 2021. some of our largest distributors are combining and have gained, or may gain, market power, which could affect our ability to maximize the value of our content through those platforms. in addition, many of the countries and territories in which we distribute our networks also have a small number of dominant distributors. continued consolidation within the industry could reduce the number of distributors to carry our programming, subject our affiliate fee revenue to greater volume discounts, and further increase the negotiating leverage of the cable and satellite television system operators which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
the success of our business depends on the acceptance of our entertainment content by our u.s. and foreign viewers, which may be unpredictable and volatile.
the production and distribution of entertainment content are inherently risky businesses because the revenue we derive and our ability to distribute our content depend primarily on consumer tastes and preferences that often change in unpredictable ways. our success depends on our ability to consistently create and acquire content that meets the changing preferences of viewers in general, in special interest groups, in specific demographic categories and in various international marketplaces. the commercial success of our content also depends upon the quality and acceptance of competing content available in the applicable marketplace. other factors, including the availability of alternative forms of entertainment and leisure time activities, general economic conditions, piracy, and growing competition for consumer discretionary spending may also affect the audience for our content. audience sizes for our media networks are critical factors affecting both the volume and pricing of advertising revenue that we receive, and the extent of distribution and the license fees we receive under agreements with our distributors. consequently, reduced public acceptance of our entertainment content may decrease our audience share and adversely affect our results of operations.
there has been a shift in consumer behavior as a result of technological innovations and changes in the distribution of content, which may affect our viewership and the profitability of our business in unpredictable ways.
technology and business models in our industry continue to evolve rapidly. consumer behavior related to changes in content distribution and technological innovation affect our economic model and viewership in ways that are not entirely predictable.
consumers are increasingly viewing content on a time-delayed or on-demand basis from traditional distributors and from connected apps and websites and on a wide variety of screens, such as televisions, tablets, mobile phones and other devices. additionally, devices that allow users to view television programs on a time-shifted basis and technologies that enable users to fast-forward or skip programming, including commercials, such as dvrs and portable digital devices and systems that enable users to store or make portable copies of content may affect the attractiveness of our offerings to advertisers and could therefore adversely affect our revenues. there is increased demand for short-form, user-generated and interactive content, which have different economic models than our traditional content offerings. digital downloads, rights lockers, rentals and subscription services are competing for consumer preferences with each other and with traditional physical distribution of dvds and blu-ray discs. each distribution model has different risks and economic consequences for us so the rapid evolution of consumer preferences may have an economic impact that is not completely predictable. distribution windows are also evolving, potentially affecting revenues from other windows. if we cannot ensure that our distribution methods and content are responsive to our target audiences, our business could be adversely affected.
we face cybersecurity and similar risks, which could result in the disclosure of confidential information, disruption of our programming services, damage to our brands and reputation, legal exposure and financial losses.
our online, mobile and app offerings, as well as our internal systems, involve the storage and transmission of proprietary information, and we and our partners rely on various technology systems in connection with the production and distribution of our programming. although we monitor our security measures regularly, they may be breached due to employee error, computer malware, viruses, hacking and phishing attacks, or otherwise. additionally, outside parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees or users to disclose sensitive or confidential information in order to gain access to data. because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. any such breach or unauthorized access could result in a loss of our proprietary information, which may include user data, a disruption of our services or a reduction of the revenues we are able to generate from such services, damage to our brands and reputation, a loss of confidence in the security of our offerings and services, and significant legal and financial exposure, each of which could potentially have an adverse effect on our business.
our businesses operate in highly competitive industries.
the entertainment and media programming industries in which we operate are highly competitive. we compete with other programming networks for distribution, viewers and advertising. we also compete for viewers with other forms of media entertainment, such as home video, movies, periodicals, on-line and mobile activities. in particular, websites and search engines have seen significant advertising growth, a portion of which is derived from traditional cable network and satellite advertisers. businesses, including ours, that offer multiple services, or that may be vertically integrated and offer both video distribution and programming content may face closer regulatory review from the competition authorities in the countries that we currently have operations in. our on-line businesses compete for users and advertising in the broad and diverse market of free internet-delivered services. our commerce business competes against a wide range of competitive retailers selling similar products. our curriculum-based video business competes with other providers of education products to schools. if our distributors have to pay higher rates to holders of sports broadcasting rights, it might be difficult for us to negotiate higher rates for distribution of our networks. our ability to compete successfully depends on a number of factors, including our ability to consistently supply high quality and popular content, access our niche viewership with appealing category-specific content, adapt to new technologies and distribution platforms and achieve widespread distribution. there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully in the future against existing or new competitors, or that increasing competition will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
failure to renew, renewal with less favorable terms, or termination of our affiliation agreements may cause a decline in our revenue.
because our networks are licensed on a wholesale basis to distributors such as cable and satellite operators which in turn distribute them to consumers, we are dependent upon the maintenance of affiliation agreements with these operators. these affiliation agreements generally provide for the level of carriage our networks will receive, such as channel placement and programming package inclusion (widely distributed, broader programming packages compared to lesser distributed, specialized programming packages) and for payment of a license fee to us based on the number of subscribers that receive our networks. while the number of subscribers associated with our networks impacts our ability to generate advertising revenue, these per subscriber payments also represent a significant portion of our revenue. our affiliation agreements generally have a limited term which varies by market and distributor, and there can be no assurance that these affiliation agreements will be renewed in the future, or renewed on terms that are favorable to us. a reduction in the license fees that we receive per subscriber or in the number of subscribers for which we are paid, including as a result of a loss or reduction in carriage for our networks, could adversely affect our distribution revenue. such a loss or reduction in carriage could also decrease the potential audience for our programs thereby adversely affecting our advertising revenue. in addition, our affiliation agreements are complex and individually negotiated. if we were to disagree with one of our counterparties on the interpretation of an affiliation agreement, our relationship with that counterparty could be damaged and our business could be negatively affected.
interpretation of some terms of our distribution agreements may have an adverse effect on the distribution payments we receive under those agreements.
some of our distribution agreements contain "most favored nation" clauses. these clauses typically provide that if we enter into an agreement with another distributor which contains certain more favorable terms, we must offer some of those terms to our existing distributors. we have entered into a number of distribution agreements with terms that differ in some respects from those contained in other agreements. while we believe that we have appropriately complied with the most favored nation clauses included in our distribution agreements, these agreements are complex and other parties could reach a different conclusion that, if correct, could have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
we are subject to risks related to our international operations.
we have operations through which we distribute programming outside the united states. as a result, our business is subject to certain risks inherent in international business, many of which are beyond our control. these risks include:
•   laws and policies affecting trade and taxes, including laws and policies relating to the repatriation of funds and withholding taxes, and changes in these laws;
•   changes in local regulatory requirements, including restrictions on content, imposition of local content quotas and restrictions on foreign ownership;
•   differing degrees of protection for intellectual property and varying attitudes towards the piracy of intellectual property;
•   currency exchange controls;
•   the instability of foreign economies and governments;
•   war and acts of terrorism;
•   anti-corruption laws and regulations such as the foreign corrupt practices act and the u.k. bribery act that impose stringent requirements on how we conduct our foreign operations and changes in these laws and regulations;
•   foreign privacy and data protection laws and regulation and changes in these laws; and
•   shifting consumer preferences regarding the viewing of video programming.
events or developments related to these and other risks associated with international trade could adversely affect our revenues from non-u.s. sources, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, liquidity and prospects.
furthermore, some foreign markets where we and our partners operate may be more adversely affected by current economic conditions than the u.s. we also may incur substantial expense as a result of changes, including the imposition of new restrictions, in the existing economic or political environment in the regions where we do business. acts of terrorism, hostilities, or financial, political, economic or other uncertainties could lead to a reduction in revenue or loss of investment, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
global economic conditions may have an adverse effect on our business.
our business is significantly affected by prevailing economic conditions and by disruptions to financial markets. we derive substantial revenues from advertisers, and these expenditures are sensitive to general economic conditions and consumer buying patterns. financial instability or a general decline in economic conditions in the u.s. and other countries where our networks are distributed could adversely affect advertising rates and volume, resulting in a decrease in our advertising revenues.
decreases in u.s. and consumer discretionary spending in other countries where our networks are distributed may affect cable television and other video service subscriptions, in particular with respect to digital service tiers on which certain of our programming networks are carried. this could lead to a decrease in the number of subscribers receiving our programming from multi-channel video programming distributors, which could have a negative impact on our viewing subscribers and affiliation fee revenues. similarly, a decrease in viewing subscribers would also have a negative impact on the number of viewers actually watching the programs on our programming networks, which could also impact the rates we are able to charge advertisers.
economic conditions affect a number of aspects of our businesses worldwide and impact the businesses of our partners who purchase advertising on our networks and reduce their spending on advertising. economic conditions can also negatively affect the ability of those with whom we do business to satisfy their obligations to us. the general worsening of current global economic conditions could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, and the worsening of economic conditions in certain parts of the world, specifically, could impact the expansion and success of our businesses in such areas.
domestic and foreign laws and regulations could adversely impact our operation results.
programming services like ours, and the distributors of our services, including cable operators, satellite operators and other multi-channel video programming distributors, are highly regulated by u.s. federal laws and regulations issued and administered by various federal agencies, including the fcc, as well as by state and local governments, in ways that affect the daily conduct of our video content business. see the discussion under "business - regulatory matters" above. the u.s. congress, the fcc and the courts currently have under consideration, and may adopt in the future, new laws, regulations and policies regarding a wide variety of matters that could, directly or indirectly, affect the operations of our u.s. media properties or modify the terms under which we offer our services and operate. for example, any changes to the laws and regulations that govern the services or signals that are
carried by cable television operators or our other distributors may result in less capacity for other content services, such as our networks, which could adversely affect our revenue.
similarly, the foreign jurisdictions in which our networks are offered have, in varying degrees, laws and regulations governing our businesses. programming businesses are subject to regulation on a country-by-country basis. changes in regulations imposed by foreign governments could also adversely affect our business, results of operations and ability to expand our operations beyond their current scope. for example, russia's legislature passed a bill prohibiting advertising on pay cable channels, which became effective january 1, 2015. russia also approved a law requiring foreign owners of russian television channels to reduce their ownership to 20% or less by january 1, 2017. we currently own and operate pay-tv networks in russia. these restrictions will likely have an adverse effect on our operating results.
financial markets are subject to volatility and disruptions that may affect our ability to obtain or increase the cost of financing our operations and our ability to meet our other obligations.
increased volatility and disruptions in the u.s. and global financial and equity markets may make it more difficult for us to obtain financing for our operations or investments or increase the cost of obtaining financing. our borrowing costs can be affected by short and long-term debt ratings assigned by independent rating agencies which are based, in significant part, on our performance as measured by credit metrics such as interest coverage and leverage ratios. unforeseeable changes in foreign currencies could negatively impact our results of operations and calculations of interest coverage and leverage ratios. a low rating could increase our cost of borrowing or make it more difficult for us to obtain future financing.
foreign exchange rate fluctuations may adversely affect our operating results and financial conditions.
we have significant operations in a number of foreign jurisdictions and certain of our operations are conducted and certain of our debt obligations are denominated in foreign currencies. the value of these currencies fluctuates relative to the u.s. dollar. as we have expanded our international operations, our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations has increased. as a result, we are exposed to exchange rate fluctuations, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and net asset balances. there is no assurance that downward trending currencies will rebound or that stable currencies will remain unchanged in any period or for any specific market.
our inability to successfully acquire and integrate other businesses, assets, products or technologies could harm our operating results.
our success may depend on opportunities to buy other businesses or technologies that could complement, enhance or expand our current business or products or that might otherwise offer us growth opportunities. we have acquired, and have made strategic investments in, a number of companies (including through joint ventures) in the past, and we expect to make additional acquisitions and strategic investments in the future. such transactions may result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities, use of our cash resources, and incurrence of debt and amortization expenses related to intangible assets. any acquisitions and strategic investments that we are able to identify and complete may be accompanied by a number of risks, including:
•   the difficulty of assimilating the operations and personnel of acquired companies into our operations;
•   the potential disruption of our ongoing business and distraction of management;
•   the incurrence of additional operating losses and operating expenses of the businesses we acquired or in which we invested;
•   the difficulty of integrating acquired technology and rights into our services and unanticipated expenses related to such integration;
•   the failure to successfully further develop an acquired business or technology and any resulting impairment of amounts currently capitalized as intangible assets;
•   the failure of strategic investments to perform as expected or to meet financial projections;
•   the impairment or loss of relationships with customers and partners of the companies we acquired or in which we invested or with our customers and partners as a result of the integration of acquired operations;
•   the impairment of relationships with, or failure to retain, employees of acquired companies or our existing employees as a result of integration of new personnel;
•   our lack of, or limitations on our, control over the operations of our joint venture companies;
•   the difficulty of integrating operations, systems, and controls as a result of cultural, regulatory, systems, and operational differences;
•   in the case of foreign acquisitions and investments, the impact of particular economic, tax, currency, political, legal and regulatory risks associated with specific countries; and
•   the impact of known potential liabilities or liabilities that may be unknown, including as a result of inadequate internal controls, associated with the companies we acquired or in which we invested.
our failure to be successful in addressing these risks or other problems encountered in connection with our past or future acquisitions and strategic investments could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions or investments, incur unanticipated liabilities, and harm our business generally.
our equity method investments' financial performance may differ from current estimates.
we have equity investments in certain entities and the accounting treatment applied for these investments varies depending on a number of factors, including, but not limited to, our percentage ownership and the level of influence or control we have over the relevant entity. any losses experienced by these entities could adversely impact our results of operations and the value of our investment. in addition, if these entities were to fail and cease operations, we may lose the entire value of our investment and the stream of any shared profits. some of our ventures may require additional uncommitted funding.
we have a significant amount of debt and may incur significant amounts of additional debt, which could adversely affect our financial health and our ability to react to changes in our business.
as of december 31, 2014, we had approximately $7.2 billion of consolidated debt, including capital leases. our substantial level of indebtedness increases the possibility that we may be unable to generate cash sufficient to pay when due the principal of, interest on, or other amounts associated with our indebtedness. in addition, we have the ability to draw down our revolving credit facility in the ordinary course, which would have the effect of increasing our indebtedness. we are also permitted, subject to certain restrictions under our existing indebtedness, to obtain additional long-term debt and working capital lines of credit to meet future financing needs. this would have the effect of increasing our total leverage.
our substantial leverage could have significant negative consequences on our financial condition and results of operations, including:
•   impairing our ability to meet one or more of the financial ratio covenants contained in our debt agreements or to generate cash sufficient to pay interest or principal, which could result in an acceleration of some or all of our outstanding debt in the event that an uncured default occurs;
•   increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and market conditions;
•   requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to service our debt, thereby reducing the amount of cash flow available for other purposes;
•   requiring us to sell debt or equity securities or to sell some of our core assets, possibly on unfavorable terms, to meet payment obligations;
•   limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the markets in which we compete; and
•   placing us at a possible competitive disadvantage with less leveraged competitors and competitors that may have better access to capital resources.
our ability to incur debt and the use of our funds could be limited by the restrictive covenants in the loan agreement for our revolving credit facility.
the loan agreement for our revolving credit facility contains restrictive covenants, as well as requirements to comply with certain leverage and other financial maintenance tests. these covenants and requirements could limit our ability to take various actions, including incurring additional debt, guaranteeing indebtedness and engaging in various types of transactions, including mergers, acquisitions and sales of assets. these covenants could place us at a disadvantage compared to some of our competitors, who may have fewer restrictive covenants and may not be required to operate under these restrictions. further, these covenants could have an adverse effect on our business by limiting our ability to take advantage of financing, mergers and acquisitions or other opportunities.
as a holding company, we could be unable to obtain cash in amounts sufficient to meet our financial obligations or other commitments.
our ability to meet our financial obligations and other contractual commitments will depend upon our ability to access cash. we are a holding company, and our sources of cash include our available cash balances, net cash from the operating activities of our subsidiaries, any dividends and interest we may receive from our investments, availability under our credit facility or any credit facilities that we may obtain in the future and proceeds from any asset sales we may undertake in the future. the ability of our operating subsidiaries, including discovery communications, llc, to pay dividends or to make other payments or advances to us will depend on their individual operating results and any statutory, regulatory or contractual restrictions, including restrictions under our credit facility, to which they may be or may become subject. we are required to accrue and pay u.s. taxes for repatriation of certain cash balances held by foreign corporations. however, we intend to permanently reinvest these funds outside of the u.s. and our current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate them to fund our u.s. operations.
theft of our content, including digital copyright theft and other unauthorized exhibitions of our content, may decrease revenue received from our programming and adversely affect our businesses and profitability.
the success of our business depends in part on our ability to maintain the intellectual property rights to our entertainment content. we are fundamentally a content company, and piracy of our brands, television networks, digital content and other intellectual property has the potential to significantly and adversely affect us. piracy is particularly prevalent in many parts of the world that lack copyright and other protections similar to existing law in the u.s. it is also made easier by technological advances allowing the conversion of content into digital formats, which facilitates the creation, transmission and sharing of high-quality unauthorized copies. unauthorized distribution of copyrighted material over the internet is a threat to copyright owners' ability to protect and exploit their property. the proliferation of unauthorized use of our content may have an adverse effect on our business and profitability because it reduces the revenue that we potentially could receive from the legitimate sale and distribution of our content. litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights, protect trade secrets or to determine the validity or scope of proprietary rights claimed by others.
the loss of key personnel or talent could disrupt our business and adversely affect our revenue.
our business depends upon the continued efforts, abilities and expertise of our corporate and divisional executive teams and entertainment personalities. we employ or contract with entertainment personalities who may have loyal audiences. these individuals are important to audience endorsement of our programs and other content. there can be no assurance that these individuals will remain with us or retain their current audiences. if we fail to retain key individuals or if our entertainment personalities lose their current audience base, our operations could be adversely affected.
we have directors in common with those of liberty media corporation ("liberty media"), liberty global plc ("liberty global") and liberty interactive corporation ("liberty interactive"), which may result in the diversion of business opportunities or other potential conflicts.
liberty media, liberty global and liberty interactive (together, the "liberty entities") own interests in various u.s. and international companies that have subsidiaries that own or operate domestic or foreign content services that may compete with the content services we offer. we have no rights in respect of u.s. or international content opportunities developed by or presented to the subsidiaries of any liberty entities, and the pursuit of these opportunities by such subsidiaries may adversely affect our interests and those of our stockholders. because we and the liberty entities have overlapping directors, the pursuit of business opportunities may serve to intensify the conflicts of interest or appearance of conflicts of interest faced by the respective management teams. our charter provides that none of our directors or officers will be liable to us or any of our subsidiaries for breach of any fiduciary duty by reason of the fact that such individual directs a corporate opportunity to another person or entity (including any liberty entities), for which such individual serves as a director or officer, or does not refer or communicate information regarding such corporate opportunity to us or any of our subsidiaries, unless (x) such opportunity was expressly offered to such individual solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of us or any of our subsidiaries and (y) such opportunity relates to a line of business in which we or any of our subsidiaries is then directly engaged.
we have directors that are also related persons of advance/newhouse programming partnership ("advance/newhouse") and that overlap with those of the liberty entities, which may lead to conflicting interests for those tasked with the fiduciary duties of our board.
our ten-person board of directors includes three designees of advance/newhouse, including robert j. miron, who was the chairman of advance/newhouse until december 31, 2010, and steven a. miron, the chief executive officer of advance/newhouse. in addition, our board of directors includes two persons who are currently members of the board of directors of liberty media, three persons who are currently members of the board of directors of liberty global and two persons who are currently members of the board of directors of liberty interactive, all of which include john c. malone as chairman of the
boards of those companies. the parent company of advance/newhouse and the liberty entities own interests in a range of media, communications and entertainment businesses.
advance/newhouse will elect three directors annually for so long as it owns a specified minimum amount of our series a convertible preferred stock. the advance/newhouse series a convertible preferred stock, which votes with our common stock on all matters other than the election of directors, represents approximately 25% of the voting power of our outstanding shares. the series a convertible preferred stock also grants advance/newhouse consent rights over a range of our corporate actions, including fundamental changes to our business, the issuance of additional capital stock, mergers and business combinations and certain acquisitions and dispositions.
none of the liberty entities own any interest in us. mr. malone beneficially owns stock of liberty media representing approximately 46% of the aggregate voting power of its outstanding stock, owns shares representing approximately 28% of the aggregate voting power of liberty global, shares representing approximately 37% of the aggregate voting power of liberty interactive, and shares representing approximately 22% of the aggregate voting power (other than with respect to the election of the common stock directors) of our outstanding stock. mr. malone controls approximately 29% of our aggregate voting power relating to the election of our seven common stock directors, assuming that the preferred stock owned by advance/newhouse has not been converted into shares of our common stock. our directors who are also directors of the liberty entities own liberty media, liberty global and/or liberty interactive stock and stock incentives and own our stock and stock incentives.
these ownership interests and/or business positions could create, or appear to create, potential conflicts of interest when these individuals are faced with decisions that could have different implications for us, advance/newhouse and/or the liberty entities. for example, there may be the potential for a conflict of interest when we, on the one hand, or an advance/newhouse and/or the liberty entity, on the other hand, look at acquisitions and other corporate opportunities that may be suitable for the other.
the members of our board of directors have fiduciary duties to us and our stockholders. likewise, those persons who serve in similar capacities at advance/newhouse or a liberty entity have fiduciary duties to those companies. therefore, such persons may have conflicts of interest or the appearance of conflicts of interest with respect to matters involving or affecting both respective companies, and there can be no assurance that the terms of any transactions will be as favorable to us or our subsidiaries as would be the case in the absence of a conflict of interest.
certain provisions of our charter and bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control that a stockholder may consider favorable. these provisions include the following:
•   authorizing a capital structure with multiple series of common stock: a series b that entitles the holders to ten votes per share, a series a that entitles the holders to one vote per share and a series c that, except as otherwise required by applicable law, entitles the holders to no voting rights;
•   authorizing the series a convertible preferred stock with special voting rights, which prohibits us from taking any of the following actions, among others, without the prior approval of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of such stock:
•   increasing the number of members of the board of directors above ten;
•   making any material amendment to our charter or by-laws;
•   engaging in a merger, consolidation or other business combination with any other entity; and
•   appointing or removing our chairman of the board or our chief executive officer;
•   authorizing the issuance of "blank check" preferred stock, which could be issued by our board of directors to increase the number of outstanding shares and thwart a takeover attempt;
•   classifying our common stock directors with staggered three-year terms and having three directors elected by the holders of the series a convertible preferred stock, which may lengthen the time required to gain control of our board of directors;
•   limiting who may call special meetings of stockholders;
•   prohibiting stockholder action by written consent (subject to certain exceptions), thereby requiring stockholder action to be taken at a meeting of the stockholders;
•   establishing advance notice requirements for nominations of candidates for election to our board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings;
•   requiring stockholder approval by holders of at least 80% of our voting power or the approval by at least 75% of our board of directors with respect to certain extraordinary matters, such as a merger or consolidation, a sale of all or substantially all of our assets or an amendment to our charter;
•   requiring the consent of the holders of at least 75% of the outstanding series b common stock (voting as a separate class) to certain share distributions and other corporate actions in which the voting power of the series b common stock would be diluted by, for example, issuing shares having multiple votes per share as a dividend to holders of series a common stock; and
•   the existence of authorized and unissued stock which would allow our board of directors to issue shares to persons friendly to current management, thereby protecting the continuity of our management, or which could be used to dilute the stock ownership of persons seeking to obtain control of us.
we have also adopted a shareholder rights plan in order to encourage anyone seeking to acquire us to negotiate with our board of directors prior to attempting a takeover. while the plan is designed to guard against coercive or unfair tactics to gain control of us, the plan may have the effect of making more difficult or delaying any attempts by others to obtain control of us.
holders of any single series of our common stock may not have any remedies if any action by our directors or officers has an adverse effect on only that series of common stock.
principles of delaware law and the provisions of our charter may protect decisions of our board of directors that have a disparate impact upon holders of any single series of our common stock. under delaware law, the board of directors has a duty to act with due care and in the best interests of all of our stockholders, including the holders of all series of our common stock. principles of delaware law established in cases involving differing treatment of multiple classes or series of stock provide that a board of directors owes an equal duty to all common stockholders regardless of class or series and does not have separate or additional duties to any group of stockholders. as a result, in some circumstances, our directors may be required to make a decision that is adverse to the holders of one series of common stock. under the principles of delaware law referred to above, stockholders may not be able to challenge these decisions if our board of directors is disinterested and adequately informed with respect to these decisions and acts in good faith and in the honest belief that it is acting in the best interests of all of our stockholders.
if advance/newhouse were to exercise its registration rights, it may cause a significant decline in our stock price, even if our business is doing well.
advance/newhouse has been granted registration rights covering all of the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the convertible preferred stock held by advance/newhouse. advance/newhouse's series a convertible preferred stock is currently convertible into one share of our series a common stock and one share of our series c common stock and advance/newhouse's series c convertible preferred stock is convertible into shares of our series c common stock on a 2-for-1 basis, subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments. the registration rights, which are immediately exercisable, are transferable with the sale or transfer by advance/newhouse of blocks of shares representing 10% or more of the preferred stock it holds. the exercise of the registration rights, and subsequent sale of possibly large amounts of our common stock in the public market, could materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
for corporate matters other than the election of directors, mr. malone and advance/newhouse each beneficially own shares of our stock representing approximately 22% and 25%, respectively, of the aggregate voting power represented by our outstanding stock. with respect to the election of directors, mr. malone controls approximately 29% of the aggregate voting power relating to the election of the seven common stock directors (assuming that the convertible preferred stock owned by advance/newhouse (the "a/n preferred stock") has not been converted into shares of our common stock). the a/n preferred stock carries with it the right to designate three preferred stock directors to our board (subject to certain conditions), but does not vote with respect to the election of the seven common stock directors. also, under the terms of the a/n preferred stock, advance/newhouse has special voting rights as to certain enumerated matters, including material amendments to the restated charter and bylaws, fundamental changes in our business, mergers and other business combinations, certain acquisitions and dispositions and future issuances of capital stock. although there is no stockholder agreement, voting agreement or any similar arrangement between mr. malone and advance/newhouse, by virtue of their respective holdings, mr. malone and advance/newhouse each have significant influence over the outcome of any corporate transaction or other matter submitted to our stockholders.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is a supplement to and should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and related notes. this section provides additional information regarding our businesses, current developments, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, contractual commitments and critical accounting policies.
cautionary note concerning forward-looking statements certain statements in this annual report on form 10-k constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995, including statements regarding our business, marketing and operating strategies, integration of acquired businesses, new service offerings, financial prospects, and anticipated sources and uses of capital. words such as "anticipates," "estimates," "expects," "projects," "intends," "plans," "believes," and terms of similar substance used in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance identify forward-looking statements. where, in any forward-looking statement, we express an expectation or belief as to future results or events, such expectation or belief is expressed in good faith and believed to have a reasonable basis, but there can be no assurance that the expectation or belief will result or be accomplished. the following is a list of some, but not all, of the factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those anticipated: continued consolidation of distribution customers and production studios; the inability of advertisers or affiliates to remit payment to us in a timely manner or at all; general economic and business conditions; industry trends, including the timing of, and spending on, feature film, television and television commercial production; spending on domestic and foreign television advertising; disagreements with our distributors over contract interpretation; fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and political unrest and regulatory changes in international markets; market demand for foreign first-run and existing content libraries; the regulatory and competitive environment of the industries in which we, and the entities in which we have interests, operate; uncertainties inherent in the development of new business lines and business strategies; uncertainties regarding the financial performance of our equity method investees; integration of acquired businesses; uncertainties associated with product and service development and market acceptance, including the development and provision of programming for new television and telecommunications technologies; changes in the distribution and viewing of television programming, including the expanded deployment of personal video recorders, vod, internet protocol television, mobile personal devices and personal tablets and their impact on television advertising revenue; rapid technological changes; future financial performance, including availability, terms, and deployment of capital; the ability of suppliers and vendors to deliver products, equipment, software, and services; the outcome
of any pending or threatened litigation; availability of qualified personnel; the possibility or duration of an industry-wide strike or other job action affecting a major entertainment industry union; changes in, or failure or inability to comply with, government regulations, including, without limitation, regulations of the federal communications commission and adverse outcomes from regulatory proceedings; changes in income taxes due to regulatory changes or changes in our corporate structure; changes in the nature of key strategic relationships with partners, distributors and equity method investee partners; competitor responses to our products and services and the products and services of the entities in which we have interests; threatened terrorist attacks and military action; reduced access to capital markets or significant increases in costs to borrow; a failure to secure affiliate agreements or renewal of such agreements on less favorable terms; and a reduction of advertising revenue associated with unexpected reductions in the number of subscribers. for additional risk factors, refer to item 1a, "risk factors." these forward-looking statements and such risks, uncertainties, and other factors speak only as of the date of this annual report on form 10-k, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein, to reflect any change in our expectations with regard thereto, or any other change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.
business overview we are a global media company that provides content across multiple distribution platforms, including pay-tv, free-to-air and broadcast television, websites, digital distribution arrangements and content licensing agreements. our portfolio of networks includes prominent television brands such as discovery channel, our most widely distributed global brand, tlc, animal planet, investigation discovery and velocity (known as turbo outside of the u.s.). in 2014, we took a controlling interest in eurosport, a leading sports entertainment pay-tv programmer across europe and asia. we also operate a diversified portfolio of websites, curriculum-based educational products and services, and production studios.
our objectives are to invest in content for our networks to build viewership, optimize distribution revenue, capture advertising sales and create or reposition branded channels and businesses that can sustain long-term growth and occupy a desired content niche with strong consumer appeal. our content is designed to target key audience demographics and the popularity of our programming creates demand on the part of advertisers and distributors. we present our operations in three segments: u.s. networks, consisting principally of domestic television networks and websites; international networks, consisting primarily of international television networks and websites; and education and other, consisting principally of curriculum-based product and service offerings and production studios. for further discussion of our company, segments in which we do business, content development activities and revenues, see our business overview set forth in item 1, "business" in this annual report on form 10-k.
results of operations - 2014 vs. 2013
items impacting comparability newly acquired businesses on may 30, 2014, we acquired a controlling interest in eurosport, and on april 9, 2013, we acquired sbs nordic (see note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements). we included the operations of eurosport and sbs nordic ("newly acquired businesses") in our consolidated financial statements as of their respective acquisition dates. as a result, newly acquired businesses have impacted the comparability of our results of operations between 2014 and 2013. accordingly, to assist the reader in understanding the changes in our results of operations, the following tables present the calculation of comparative adjusted operating income before depreciation and amortization ("adjusted oibda") excluding the newly acquired businesses, as reported within our consolidated financial statements (in millions). the comparability of the results of the u.s. networks segment was not impacted by these acquisitions. the column newly acquired businesses for the year ended december 31, 2014 consists of the operating results of eurosport since its acquisition on may 30, 2014 and the results of sbs nordic for the three months ended march 31, 2014. newly acquired businesses do not include discovery family, which was acquired on september 23, 2014, the eight days of sbs nordic's results from april 1, 2013 through april 9, 2013 or other, less significant, acquisitions made during 2014, because their results did not materially impact the comparability of operations, except as otherwise noted within this item. adjusted oibda is defined and a reconciliation to operating income is presented below in "segment results of operations - 2014 vs. 2013."
total company as reported           newlyacquiredbusinesses             total company ex-newly acquired businesses            total company as reported        % change ex-newly acquired businesses revenues:
international networks                                                                                                                                                                year ended december 31,
international networks as reported           newlyacquiredbusinesses             international networks ex-newly acquired businesses           internationalnetworksas reported         % change ex-newly acquired businesses revenues:
recasting of certain prior period information the company's reportable segments are determined based on (i) financial information reviewed by our chief operating decision maker ("codm"), the chief executive officer ("ceo"), (ii) internal management and related reporting structure, and (iii) the basis upon which the ceo makes resource allocation decisions. during the year-end december 31, 2014, we changed our organizational structure and reorganized our production studios into an operating segment. previously, components of this segment were part of the u.s. networks and international networks segments.
production studios does not meet the quantitative thresholds of a separate reportable segment and has been combined with our education segment, referred to as education and other, for financial statement presentation in all periods. as of the year ended december 31, 2014, the company has recast prior period amounts to conform to our current structure for internally managing and monitoring segment performance as noted in the table below (in millions).
u.s. networks                                                $(5         )
international networks                                       (15         )
u.s. networks                                                 $4
international networks                                        (7         )
consolidated results of operations - 2014 vs. 2013
our consolidated results of operations for 2014 and 2013 were as follows (in millions).
2014                    2013          % change revenues:
costs of revenues, excluding depreciation and amortization                      2,124                   1,689               26      %
operating income                                                                2,061                   1,975                4      %
nm - not meaningful revenues distribution revenue includes affiliate fees and digital distribution revenue and is largely dependent on the rates negotiated in our distribution agreements, the number of subscribers that receive our networks or content, and the market demand for the content that we provide. excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, newly acquired businesses and the effects of the consolidation of discovery family, distribution revenue increased 3%, or $85 million, as a result of an increase of $109 million at our international networks segment, partially offset by a decrease of $24 million at our u.s. networks segment. the increase in our international networks' distribution revenue, excluding the impact of foreign currency and newly acquired businesses, was mostly attributable to revenue growth in latin america and, to a lesser extent, to growth in central and eastern europe, the middle east, and africa ("ceemea"). the revenue growth in latin america was due to increases in subscribers and affiliate rates and in ceemea was due to increases in subscribers. for u.s. networks, excluding declines in digital distribution resulting from lower content deliveries offset by an increase due to the consolidation of discovery family (see note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements), distribution revenue increased by 6% primarily due to contractual rate increases. digital distribution revenue, which is earned under agreements to license programs, is recognized when the content has been delivered and is available for use by the customer. digital distribution revenue is therefore prone to fluctuations based on the timing and volume of content deliveries.
advertising revenue is dependent upon a number of factors, including the stage of development of television markets, the number of subscribers to our channels, viewership demographics, the popularity of our content, our ability to sell commercial time over a group of channels, and the mix of sales of commercial time between the upfront and scatter markets, which is based upon a number of factors, such as pricing, demand for advertising time and economic conditions. excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations and newly acquired businesses, advertising revenue increased 7%, or $191 million, as a result of increases of $162 million at our international networks segment and $29 million at our u.s. networks segment. for our international networks segment, the increase was mostly due to pricing and ratings increases on our free-to-air networks in western europe and, to a lesser extent, pricing increases in the nordics and volume increases in latin america. for our u.s. networks segment, the increase was mostly due to increases in pricing and to a lesser extent, the volume of commercial units sold, partially offset by lower audience delivery.
excluding the impacts of foreign currency fluctuations and newly acquired businesses, other revenue increased 2%, or $6 million. the increase was primarily due to an increase in revenue at our education and other segments due to other business combinations in late 2013 and early 2014, offset by a decrease in representation fees at u.s. networks.
costs of revenues excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, newly acquired businesses, the effect of the consolidation of discovery family and digital distribution, costs of revenues increased 10%, or $175 million. the increase was the result of increases of $110 million at our international networks segment, $48 million at our u.s. networks segment, and $10 million at our education and other segments. the increase in costs of revenues at our international networks segment was primarily attributable to increased investment in content acquired from u.s. networks and locally acquired content, and to a lesser extent, an increase in sales commissions. the increase in costs of revenues at our u.s. networks segment was primarily attributable to an increase in content expense due to additional spending on content in current and recent periods. these increases were partially offset by decreases in sales commissions.
selling, general and administrative selling, general and administrative expenses consist principally of employee costs, marketing costs, research costs, occupancy and back office support fees. excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations and newly acquired businesses, selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 3%, or $51 million. the decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to a decrease in equity-based compensation expense and, to a lesser extent, a decrease in marketing expenses. these decreases were partially offset by increases in personnel costs and, to a lesser extent, various other items. the decrease in equity-based compensation expense was due to decreases in our share price.
depreciation and amortization depreciation and amortization expense includes depreciation of fixed assets and amortization of finite-lived intangible assets. depreciation and amortization expense increased $53 million. the increase was mostly attributable to amortization of intangible assets of businesses acquired during 2014. (see note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.)
restructuring and other charges restructuring and other charges increased $74 million in 2014. the increase was mostly related to content impairments resulting from the post acquisition rebranding of the hub network to discovery family, and the cancellation of certain high profile series due to legal circumstances pertaining to the associated talent, and, to a lesser extent, employee terminations associated with the integration of recent acquisitions. (see note 7 and note 16 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.)
gain on disposition gain on disposition was $31 million for the sale of hsw and $19 million for the sale of petfinder for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. (see note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.)
income from equity investees, net income from our equity method investees increased $5 million in 2014, due to improved operating results at own offset by losses at all3media related to economic hedges that did not receive hedge accounting and the amortization of intangibles for the step up in the fair value of assets acquired.
other (expense) income, net the table below presents the details of other (expense) income, net (in millions).
other (expense) income, net, decreased $58 million in 2014. the decrease was primarily due to a reduction in remeasurement gains recognized related to the acquisition of former equity method investees (see note 3 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements) and foreign currency losses in 2014, offset by derivative losses related to the acquisition of sbs on april 9, 2013 for which there is no similar item in the current period. the changes in foreign currency are primarily driven by the revaluation of monetary assets and liabilities in the nordic region and venezuela and, to a lesser extent, russia.
state and local income taxes, net of federal tax benefit          2      %             3      %
effect of foreign operations                                      2      %             2      %
change in uncertain tax positions                                (1     )%             -      %
our provisions for income taxes on income from continuing operations were $610 million and $659 million and the effective tax rates were 35% and 38% for 2014 and 2013, respectively. the net 3% decrease in the effective tax rate was attributable to several factors, including a decline in other, net driven by nondeductible hedging losses associated with the acquisition of sbs nordic on april 9, 2013 and the reduction in net deferred tax assets as a result of the change in tax rate in the united kingdom in the prior year, for which no similar change took place in the current period. additionally, the decrease for 2014 included a 1% decrease related to the domestic production activities deduction following certain legislative changes in 2013. these decreases were partially offset by an increase of 2% in the 2014 tax rate due to the $92 million remeasurement gain on the previously held equity interest in discovery japan recognized upon consolidation in 2013, which was not taxable because we intend to defer indefinitely the realization of this gain for tax purposes.
segment results of operations - 2014 vs. 2013
we evaluate the operating performance of our operating segments based on financial measures such as revenues and adjusted oibda. adjusted oibda is defined as revenues less costs of revenues and selling, general and administrative expenses excluding: (i) mark-to-market equity-based compensation, (ii) depreciation and amortization, (iii) amortization of deferred launch incentives, (iv) restructuring and other charges, (v) certain impairment charges, (vi) gains and losses on business and asset dispositions, and (vii) certain inter-segment eliminations related to production studios. we use this measure to assess the operating results and performance of our segments, perform analytical comparisons, identify strategies to improve performance, and allocate resources to each segment. we believe adjusted oibda is relevant to investors because it allows them to analyze the operating performance of each segment using the same metric management uses. we exclude mark-to-market equity-based compensation, restructuring and other charges, certain impairment charges, and gains and losses on business and asset dispositions from the calculation of adjusted oibda due to their volatility. we also exclude the depreciation of fixed assets and amortization of intangible assets and deferred launch incentives as these amounts do not represent cash payments in the current reporting period. additionally, certain corporate expenses and inter-segment eliminations related to production studios are excluded from segment results to enable executive management to evaluate segment performance based upon the decisions of segment executives. adjusted oibda should be considered in addition to, but not a substitute for, operating income, net income and other measures of financial performance reported in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap").
additional financial information for our segments and geographical areas in which we do business is discussed in note 22 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data" in this annual report on form 10-k.
the table below presents the calculation of total adjusted oibda (in millions).
2014                    2013          % change revenue:
u.s. networks                                                       $2,950                  $2,947                -      %
international networks                                               3,157                   2,459               28      %
costs of revenues, excluding depreciation and amortization          (2,124     )            (1,689     )         26      %
add: amortization of deferred launch incentives(b)                      11                      18              (39     )%
(a)  selling, general and administrative expenses exclude mark-to-market equity-based compensation, restructuring and other charges, and gains (losses) on dispositions.
(b)  amortization of deferred launch incentives is included as a reduction of distribution revenue for reporting in accordance with gaap but is excluded from adjusted oibda.
the table below presents our adjusted oibda by segment, with a reconciliation of total adjusted oibda to consolidated operating income (in millions).
2014                    2013          % change adjusted oibda:
u.s. networks                                       $1,680                  $1,712               (2     )%
international networks                               1,124                     949               18      %
amortization of deferred launch incentives             (11     )               (18     )        (39     )%
mark-to-market equity-based compensation               (31     )              (136     )        (77     )%
operating income                                    $2,061                  $1,975                4      %
u.s. networks the table below presents, for our u.s. networks operating segment, revenues by type, certain operating expenses, contra revenue amounts, adjusted oibda and a reconciliation of adjusted oibda to operating income (in millions).
2014                    2013          % change revenues:
costs of revenues, excluding depreciation and amortization            (815     )              (767     )          6   %
add: amortization of deferred launch incentives                          -                       7             (100   )%
amortization of deferred launch incentives                               -                      (7     )       (100   )%
inter-segment eliminations                                              (7     )                 -               nm operating income                                                    $1,626                  $1,710               (5   )%
revenues distribution revenue decreased $5 million. excluding declines in digital distribution resulting from lower content deliveries and an increase due to the consolidation of discovery family, distribution revenue increased by 6% primarily due to contractual rate increases, as the subscriber base for the u.s. pay television market has declined slightly. digital distribution revenue, which is earned under agreements to license selected library titles, is recognized when the content has been delivered and is available for use by the customer.
advertising revenue increased $29 million. the increase was mostly attributable to increases in pricing and, to a lesser extent, the volume of commercial units sold, partially offset by lower audience delivery.
costs of revenues excluding the effect of the consolidation of discovery family and digital distribution, costs of revenues increased $48 million. the increase was primarily attributable to an increase in content expense due to additional spending on content in current and prior years. these increases were partially offset by decreases in sales commissions.
selling, general and administrative selling, general and administrative expenses decreased $20 million. the decrease was primarily attributable to decreases in marketing costs.
adjusted oibda adjusted oibda decreased 2%, or $32 million. revenue for 2014 was consistent with the prior period as increases in advertising revenue were largely offset by decreases in digital distribution revenue and other revenue. higher costs in the current year were primarily due to increased content expense, which was partially offset by lower marketing costs.
international networks the following table presents, for our international networks operating segment, revenues by type, certain operating expenses, contra revenue amounts, adjusted oibda, and a reconciliation of adjusted oibda to operating income (in millions). in addition, see the international networks' table in "results of operations - 2014 vs. 2013 - items impacting comparability" for more information on newly acquired businesses.
2014                    2013          % change revenues:
costs of revenues, excluding depreciation and amortization          (1,250     )              (881     )         42      %
add: amortization of deferred launch incentives                         11                      11                -      %
amortization of deferred launch incentives                             (11     )               (11     )          -      %
restructuring and other charges                                        (24     )               (11     )         nm inter-segment eliminations                                              (2     )                 -               nm operating income                                                      $840                    $722               16      %
revenues excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations and newly acquired businesses, distribution revenue increased 9%, or $109 million. the increase was mostly attributable to revenue growth in latin america, and to a lesser extent, to growth in ceemea. the revenue growth in latin america was due to increases in subscribers and affiliate rates, while in ceemea it was due to increases in subscribers. such growth is consistent with the continued development of the pay television markets in those regions.
excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations and newly acquired businesses, advertising revenue increased 14%, or $162 million. the increase was mostly due to pricing and ratings increases on our free-to-air networks in western europe and, to a lesser extent, pricing increases in the nordics and volume increases in latin america.
excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations and newly acquired businesses, other revenue was consistent with the prior period.
costs of revenues excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations and newly acquired businesses, costs of revenues increased 12%, or $110 million. the increase was primarily attributable to increased investment in u.s. networks' and locally acquired content in recent years, and to a lesser extent, an increase in sales commissions.
selling, general and administrative excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations and newly acquired businesses, selling, general and administrative expenses remained comparable with the prior year. cost reductions in marketing were offset by increased personnel costs to support a localization strategy as certain activities are transitioned out of regional hubs.
adjusted oibda excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations and newly acquired businesses, adjusted oibda increased 16%, or $152 million. the increase was due to increases in advertising revenue and distribution revenue, partially offset by increased content expense, sales commissions and personnel costs.
education and other the following table presents our education and other operating segments revenues, certain operating expenses, adjusted oibda, and a reconciliation of adjusted oibda to operating income (in millions).
2014                    2013          % change revenues                                                              $160                    $140               14   %
costs of revenues, excluding depreciation and amortization             (59     )               (49     )         20   %
restructuring and other charges                                         (3     )                 -               nm inter-segment eliminations                                               9                       -               nm operating income                                                        $5                     $26              (81   )%
adjusted oibda decreased $24 million. increased revenue attributable to business combinations that took place late 2013 and early 2014 was more than offset by the operating costs of those businesses as well as contingent consideration recorded as a component of selling, general and administrative expense for earn outs at acquired businesses.
corporate and inter-segment eliminations the following table presents our unallocated corporate amounts including revenue, certain operating expenses, adjusted oibda and a reconciliation of adjusted oibda to operating loss (in millions).
2014                                   2013          % change revenues                                                               $(2     )              $(11     )        (82   )%
costs of revenues, excluding depreciation and amortization               -                       8               nm selling, general and administrative                                   (317     )              (286     )         11   %
mark-to-market equity-based compensation                               (31     )              (136     )        (77   )%
operating loss                                                       $(410     )             $(483     )        (15   )%
corporate operations primarily consist of executive management, administrative support services and substantially all of our equity-based compensation.
adjusted oibda decreased $30 million mostly attributable to increased personnel costs to support a broader corporate function for international operations.
the decrease in mark-to-market equity-based compensation expense was attributable to decreases in discovery stock price during the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. changes in stock price are a key driver of fair value estimates used in the attribution of expense for sars and unit awards. (see note 14 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.)
results of operations - 2013 vs. 2012
items impacting comparability on april 9, 2013, we acquired sbs nordic. during the year ended december 31, 2012, we acquired switchover media and a television station in dubai. we included the operations of each of these newly acquired businesses in our consolidated financial statements as of each of their respective acquisition dates. as a result, newly acquired businesses have impacted the comparability of our results of operations between 2013 and 2012. accordingly, to assist the reader in understanding the changes in our results of operations, the following tables present the calculation of comparative adjusted oibda excluding the newly acquired businesses, as reported within our consolidated financial statements and international networks segment for the year ended december 31, 2013 (in millions). the comparability of the results of the u.s. networks segment was not impacted by these acquisitions. discovery japan was not included in the definition of newly acquired businesses, because its consolidation on january 10, 2013, did not materially impact the comparability of operations, except as otherwise noted in management's discussion and analysis of results of operations. (see note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.) adjusted oibda is defined and a reconciliation to operating income is presented below in the "segment results of operations - 2013 vs. 2012" section.
total company as reported           newlyacquiredbusinesses           total company ex-acquisitions            total company as reported          % change ex-acquisitions revenues:
international networks                                                                                                                                                 year ended december 31,
international networks as reported           newlyacquiredbusinesses           international networks ex-acquisitions           internationalnetworksas reported          % change ex-acquisitions revenues:
recasting of certain prior period information the company's reportable segments are determined based on (i) financial information reviewed by our codm, the ceo, (ii) internal management and related reporting structure, and (iii) the basis upon which the ceo makes resource allocation decisions. during the year-end december 31, 2014, we changed our organizational structure and reorganized our production studios into an operating segment. previously, components of this segment were part of the u.s. networks and international networks segments. production studios does not meet the quantitative thresholds of a separate reportable segment and has been combined with our education segment, renamed education and other, for financial statement presentation in all periods.
as of the year-ended december 31, 2014, the company has recast certain prior period amounts to conform to our current structure for internally managing and monitoring segment performance as noted in the table below (in millions).
u.s. networks                                        $(5     )               $(2     )
international networks                               (15     )               (19     )
u.s. networks                                         $4                      $6
international networks                                (7     )                 2
consolidated results of operations - 2013 vs. 2012
our consolidated results of operations for 2013 and 2012 were as follows (in millions).
2013                    2012          % change revenues:
costs of revenues, excluding depreciation and amortization               1,689                   1,218               39      %
operating income                                                         1,975                   1,859                6      %
income from continuing operations, net of taxes                          1,077                     956               13      %
loss from discontinued operations, net of taxes                              -                     (11     )         nm net income                                                               1,077                     945               14      %
nm - not meaningful revenues distribution revenue includes affiliate fees and digital distribution revenue and is largely dependent on the rates negotiated in our distribution agreements, the number of subscribers that receive our networks or content, and the market demand for the content that we provide. excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations and newly acquired businesses, consolidated distribution revenue increased 10%, or $220 million, as a result of increases of $72 million at our u.s. networks segment and $148 million at our international networks segment. the increase in distribution revenue at u.s. networks, excluding the impact of digital distribution revenue was 5%. digital distribution revenue, which is earned under agreements to license selected library titles, is recognized when the content has been delivered and is available for use by the customer. digital distribution revenue is therefore prone to quarterly fluctuations based on the timing and volume of content deliveries. the increases in our international networks' distribution revenue, excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations and newly acquired businesses, were attributable in equivalent amounts to the consolidation of discovery japan and revenue growth in latin america due to increases in subscribers and affiliate rates.
advertising revenue is dependent upon a number of factors, including the stage of development of television markets, the number of subscribers to our channels, viewership demographics, the popularity of our content, our ability to sell commercial time over a group of channels, and the mix of sales of commercial time between the upfront and scatter markets, which is based upon a number of factors, such as pricing, demand for advertising time and economic conditions. excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations and newly acquired businesses, consolidated advertising revenue increased 13%, or $258 million, as a result of increases of $120 million at our u.s. networks segment and $138 million at our international networks segment. for our u.s. networks segment, the increases were due to improved pricing and advertiser demand in equivalent amounts. for our international networks segment, most of the increase was in western europe due to higher ratings and pricing on our free-to-air networks, and to a lesser extent, improved ratings and pricing in latin america.
excluding the impacts of foreign currency fluctuations and newly acquired businesses, other revenue was consistent with the prior year due to an increase of $12 million at our education and other operating segments, offset by a decrease at our international networks segment primarily attributable to the consolidation of discovery japan.
costs of revenues excluding the impacts of foreign currency fluctuations and newly acquired businesses, costs of revenues increased 13%, or $156 million. the increase was a result of increases of $83 million at our u.s. networks segment and $73 million at our international networks segment. the increases in costs of revenues were mostly due to increases in content expense, which is consistent with our commitment to content development. the remaining increase was due to various other items, such as sales commissions, which are correlated to the increase in revenues.
selling, general and administrative selling, general and administrative expenses consist principally of employee costs, marketing costs, research costs, occupancy and back office support fees. excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations and newly acquired businesses, selling, general and administrative expenses increased 15%, or $196 million. the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to increased personnel costs, including equity-based compensation expense, marketing expenses, and to a lesser extent, increases in other selling, general and administrative costs. the increase in equity-based compensation expense was largely driven by the increase in our share price.
depreciation and amortization depreciation and amortization expense includes depreciation of fixed assets and amortization of finite-lived intangible assets. depreciation and amortization expense increased $159 million. the increase was due to the amortization of intangible assets related to business combinations during 2013. (see note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.)
restructuring and other charges restructuring charges increased $10 million in 2013. the increase is mostly due to restructuring the company's existing operations in the nordic region following the acquisition of sbs nordic. (see note 16 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.)
losses from equity investees, net losses from our equity method investees decreased $104 million in 2013, due primarily to improved operating results at own. additionally, own incurred significant content impairment and restructuring charges in 2012 for which no similar expense was incurred in 2013.
other income (expense), net the table below presents the details of other income (expense), net (in millions).
other income (expense), net, increased $56 million. during 2013, we purchased an additional 30% ownership interest in discovery japan, which was previously a 50% owned equity method investee. we recognized a $92 million remeasurement gain upon consolidation to account for the difference between the carrying value and the fair value of the 50% previously held equity interest. (see note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.) additionally, there was an increase in foreign currency gains in 2013 due to gains recognized on spot trades related to the acquisition of sbs on april 9, 2013 for which there was no similar item in the prior period. these increases were partially offset by losses on derivative instruments of $56 million in 2013. the losses on derivative contracts resulted from foreign exchange strategies implemented to hedge the purchase of sbs nordic (see note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements), which was denominated in euro and closed on april 9, 2013. although effective from an economic perspective, this hedging strategy did not qualify for hedge accounting treatment because the forecasted transaction was a business combination. there was a $2 million loss on derivative instruments in 2012.
state and local income taxes, net of federal tax benefit          3      %             5      %
effect of foreign operations                                      2      %            (1     )%
change in uncertain tax positions                                 -      %             -      %
our provisions for income taxes on income from continuing operations were $659 million and $562 million and the effective tax rates were 38% and 37% for 2013 and 2012, respectively. the net 1% increase in the effective tax rate was primarily due to the effect of foreign operations, which increased 3% from 2012 due to the tax effect of inter-company transactions subject to foreign income tax rates that vary compared with u.s. rates. changes in the tax law regarding the domestic production activity deduction in 2013 and other tax differences resulted in an additional 2% increase in the effective tax rate. these increases were partially offset by decreases in the tax rate due to changes in apportionment for state income taxes of 2% and the $92 million remeasurement gain on previously held equity interest of 2% which was not taxable in 2013 because the company intends to defer indefinitely the realization of this gain for tax purposes. we also increased our unrecognized tax benefits reserve in 2013 due to uncertainties regarding the valuation of certain assets, and, to a lesser extent, in approximately equivalent amounts, the taxation of income among multiple jurisdictions and provisions related to uncertainties regarding tax incentives and credits. (see note 17 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.)
segment results of operations - 2013 vs. 2012
the table below presents the calculation of total adjusted oibda (in millions).
2013                    2012          % change revenues:
u.s. networks                                                       $2,947                  $2,746                7      %
international networks                                               2,459                   1,618               52      %
costs of revenues, excluding depreciation and amortization          (1,689     )            (1,218     )         39      %
add: amortization of deferred launch incentives(b)                      18                      20              (10     )%
(a)  selling, general and administrative expenses exclude mark-to-market equity-based compensation, restructuring charges and gains (losses) on dispositions.
(b)  amortization of deferred launch incentives are included as a reduction of distribution revenue for reporting in accordance with gaap but are excluded from adjusted oibda.
the table below presents our adjusted oibda, with a reconciliation of total adjusted oibda to consolidated operating income (in millions).
2013                    2012          % change adjusted oibda:
u.s. networks                                       $1,712                  $1,628                5      %
international networks                                 949                     727               31      %
amortization of deferred launch incentives             (18     )               (20     )        (10     )%
mark-to-market equity-based compensation              (136     )               (97     )         nm depreciation and amortization                         (276     )              (117     )         nm restructuring and other charges                        (16     )                (6     )         nm gain on disposition                                     19                       -               nm operating income                                    $1,975                  $1,859                6      %
u.s. networks the following table presents, for our u.s. networks operating segment, revenues by type, certain operating expenses, contra revenue amounts, adjusted oibda, and a reconciliation of adjusted oibda to operating income (in millions).
2013                    2012          % change revenues:
costs of revenues, excluding depreciation and amortization            (767     )              (685     )         12      %
add: amortization of deferred launch incentives                          7                       9              (22     )%
amortization of deferred launch incentives                              (7     )                (9     )        (22     )%
gain on disposition                                                     19                       -               nm operating income                                                    $1,710                  $1,604                7      %
revenues distribution revenue increased $72 million. the increase in distribution revenue, excluding the impact of digital distribution revenue, was 5%. the increase in distribution revenue, excluding digital distribution revenue, was primarily due to annual contractual rate increases on existing contracts. there was also a slight increase in the number of paying subscribers, principally for our networks carried on the digital tier. the subscriber base for the u.s. pay television distribution market has flattened over recent periods. digital distribution revenue, which is earned under agreements to license selected library titles, is recognized when the content has been delivered and is available for use by the customer. digital distribution revenue is therefore prone to quarterly fluctuations based on the timing and volume of content deliveries. digital distribution revenue contributed 1% of the increase in total distribution revenue.
other revenue increased $9 million. the increase was mostly attributable to increases in sales of branded merchandise.
costs of revenues costs of revenues increased $82 million. the increase was primarily attributable to an increase in content expense, which is consistent with our commitment to content development, and, to a lesser extent, sales commissions associated with increasing advertising revenues.
selling, general and administrative selling, general and administrative expenses increased $33 million. the increase was mostly attributable to increased personnel expenses, and, to a lesser extent, increased marketing costs.
adjusted oibda adjusted oibda increased $84 million. revenue for 2013 increased due to improved pricing and advertiser demand, and contractual rate increases with our distributors. these increases were partially offset by higher costs of revenues and selling, general and administrative expenses.
international networks the following table presents, for our international networks operating segment, revenues by type, certain operating expenses, contra revenue amounts, adjusted oibda, and a reconciliation of adjusted oibda to operating income (in millions).
2013                    2012          % change revenues:
costs of revenues, excluding depreciation and amortization            (881     )              (487     )         81      %
add: amortization of deferred launch incentives                         11                      11                -      %
amortization of deferred launch incentives                             (11     )               (11     )          -      %
depreciation and amortization                                         (205     )               (47     )         nm restructuring and other charges                                        (11     )                (1     )         nm operating income                                                      $722                    $668                8      %
revenues excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations and newly acquired businesses, distribution revenue increased 15%, or $148 million. the increase was attributable in equivalent amounts to revenue growth in latin america and the consolidation of discovery japan. the growth in latin america was due to increases in subscribers and affiliate rates, which is consistent with the continued development of the pay television market in that region.
excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations and newly acquired businesses, advertising revenue increased 23%, or $138 million. most of the increase was due to improved ratings and pricing on our free-to-air networks in western europe and, to a lesser extent, our pay television networks in latin america.
excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations and newly acquired businesses, other revenue decreased 24%, or $13 million. the decrease was attributable to the consolidation of discovery japan. service fee revenue from discovery japan was eliminated following the consolidation of discovery japan on january 10, 2013. (see note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.)
costs of revenues excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations and newly acquired businesses, costs of revenues increased 16%, or $79 million. the increase was mostly attributable to increased content expense and, to a lesser extent, increases in sales commissions and various other costs. the increase in costs of revenues supports the growth in distribution and advertising revenues.
selling, general and administrative excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations and newly acquired businesses, selling, general and administrative expenses increased 26%, or $110 million. the increase was mostly attributable to increased personnel costs due to a transition of certain activities from regional hubs to various international locations, and to a lesser extent, increased marketing expenses and the consolidation of discovery japan.
adjusted oibda excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations and newly acquired businesses, adjusted oibda increased 11%, or $82 million. the increase was due to increases in advertising revenue on our free-to-air networks in western europe, distribution revenue growth in latin america, and the consolidation of discovery japan, in equivalent amounts, partially offset by higher costs of revenues and selling, general and administrative expenses.
education and other the following table presents, for our education and other operating segments, revenue, certain operating expenses, adjusted oibda, and a reconciliation of adjusted oibda to operating (loss) income (in millions).
2013                    2012          % change revenues                                                              $140                    $128                9      %
costs of revenues, excluding depreciation and amortization             (49     )               (48     )          2      %
operating (loss) income                                                $26                     $16               63      %
adjusted oibda increased by $11 million due to increases in revenue due to business combinations and professional development services and a reduction of personnel expenses following restructuring in 2012.
corporate and inter-segment eliminations the following table presents, for our unallocated corporate amounts, revenue, certain operating expenses, adjusted oibda, and a reconciliation of adjusted oibda to operating loss (in millions).
2013                    2012          % change revenues                                                              $(11     )               $(5     )         nm costs of revenues, excluding depreciation and amortization               8                       2               nm selling, general and administrative                                   (286     )              (272     )          5      %
mark-to-market equity-based compensation                              (136     )               (97     )         40      %
operating loss                                                       $(483     )             $(429     )         13      %
corporate operations primarily consist of executive management, administrative support services and substantially all of our equity-based compensation. corporate expenses are excluded from segment results to evaluate business segment performance based upon decisions made directly by business segment executives.
liquidity and capital resources liquidity sources of cash historically, we have generated a significant amount of cash from operations. during the year ended december 31, 2014, we funded our working capital needs primarily through cash flows from operations and, to a lesser extent, through the issuance of senior notes, the issuance of commercial paper and borrowings under our revolving credit facility. as of december 31, 2014, we had $367 million of cash and cash equivalents on hand and approximately $1.2 billion available to borrow under our revolving credit facility and commercial paper program.
•   sources of long-term financing as a public company, we may have access to other sources of capital such as the public bond and equity markets. on march 7, 2014, discovery communications, llc ("dcl") issued €300 million principal amount ($417 million, at issuance, based on the exchange rate of $1.39 per euro at march 7, 2014) of 2.375% senior notes due march 7, 2022, which are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by discovery.
we maintain an effective registration statement on form s-3 that allows us to conduct registered offerings of securities, including debt securities, common stock and preferred stock. access to sufficient capital from the public market is not assured.
•   commercial paper on may 22, 2014, we entered into a commercial paper program. under the program and subject to market conditions, dcl may issue unsecured commercial paper notes from time to time up to an aggregate principal amount outstanding at any given time of $1.0 billion. the maturities of these notes will vary but may not exceed 397 days. the notes may be issued at a discount or at par, and interest rates will vary based on market conditions and the credit ratings assigned to the notes at the time of issuance. as of december 31, 2014, we had $229 million of commercial paper borrowings outstanding with a weighted average interest rate of approximately 0.6% and maturities of less than 90 days.
•   revolving credit facility as of december 31, 2014, we had outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility of $38 million. on june 20, 2014, dcl revised its $1.0 billion revolving credit facility to allow dcl and certain designated foreign subsidiaries of dcl to borrow up to $1.5 billion, including a $750 million sublimit for multi-currency borrowings, a $100 million sublimit for the issuance of standby letters of credit and a $50 million sublimit for swing line loans. borrowings under the revolving credit facility bear interest at rates that vary based on dcl's then-current debt rating for its publicly traded debt. dcl also has the ability to request an increase of the revolving credit facility up to an aggregate additional $1.0 billion, upon the satisfaction of certain conditions. all obligations of dcl and the other borrowers under the revolving credit facility are unsecured and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by discovery. borrowings may be used for general corporate purposes.
the credit agreement governing the revolving credit facility (the "credit agreement") contains customary representations, warranties and events of default, as well as affirmative and negative covenants, including limitations on liens, investments, indebtedness, dispositions, affiliate transactions, dividends and restricted payments. dcl, its subsidiaries and discovery are also subject to a limitation on mergers, liquidation and disposals of all or substantially all of their assets. the credit agreement also requires dcl to maintain a consolidated interest coverage ratio (as defined in the credit agreement) of no less than 3:00 to 1:00 and a consolidated leverage ratio (as defined in the credit agreement) of no more than 4:50 to 1:00. as of december 31, 2014, discovery, dcl and the other borrowers were in compliance with all covenants and there were no events of default under the credit agreement.
uses of cash our priority uses of discretionary cash include the creation and acquisition of new content, business acquisitions, funding equity method and other investments and repurchases of our capital stock. the company also uses cash for payments of income taxes, personnel costs, and interest and principal payments on our outstanding senior notes.
•   content acquisition we plan to continue to invest significantly in the creation and acquisition of new content. additional information regarding contractual commitments to acquire content is set forth in "commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements" in item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in this annual report on form 10-k.
•   business combinations and investments in 2014, our uses of cash included business combinations and investments. on september 23, 2014, we acquired a 50% equity method ownership interest in all3media, a production company, for a cash payment of approximately £90 million ($147 million). on september 23, 2014, we also purchased from hasbro an additional 10% ownership interest in discovery family for $64 million, which increased our ownership stake to 60%. on may 30, 2014, we acquired a controlling interest in eurosport, a leading pan-european sports media platform, by increasing our ownership stake from 20% to 51% for cash of approximately €257 million ($349 million). we have a conditional commitment to acquire another 31% ownership interest in eurosport france beginning in 2015 for approximately €35 million ($48 million), that is contingent upon resolution of all regulatory matters. the company also has redeemable equity balances of $747 million, which may require the use of cash in the event holders of noncontrolling interests put their interests to the company.
•   equity method investments we have interests in various equity method investees and provide funding to those equity method investees from time to time. as of december 31, 2014, we have outstanding advances to and a note receivable from own, our equity
method investee, which totals $457 million including interest. we may provide additional funding to our equity method investees, if necessary, and expect to recoup amounts funded. (see note 4 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.)
•   stock repurchase program as of december 31, 2014, we had remaining authorization of $738 million for future repurchases of our common stock under our stock repurchase program, which will expire on february 3, 2016. we have been funding our stock repurchases through a combination of cash on hand and cash generated by operations. in the future we may also choose to fund our stock repurchase program through borrowings under our revolving credit facility and future financing transactions. under the stock repurchase program, management is authorized to purchase shares of the company's common stock from time to time through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, at prevailing market prices or pursuant to one or more accelerated stock repurchase or other derivative arrangements, as permitted by securities laws and other legal requirements, and subject to stock price, business and market conditions and other factors. as of december 31, 2014, we had repurchased 2.8 million and 91.3 million shares of series a and series c common stock over the life of the program for the aggregate purchase price of $171 million and $4.6 billion, respectively. (see note 13 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.)
•   preferred stock conversion and repurchase the company has an agreement with advance/newhouse to repurchase, on a quarterly basis, a number of shares of series c convertible preferred stock convertible into a number of shares of series c common stock equal to 3/7 of all shares of series c common stock purchased under the company's stock repurchase program during the then most recently completed fiscal quarter. the price paid per share is calculated as 99% of the average price paid for the series c common shares repurchased by the company during the applicable fiscal quarter multiplied by the series c conversion rate. the advance/newhouse repurchases are made outside of the company's publicly announced stock repurchase program. during 2014, we had converted and retired 2.4 million shares of our series c convertible preferred stock under the preferred stock conversion and repurchase arrangement for an aggregate purchase price of $190 million, using cash on hand. based on the number of shares of series c common stock purchased during the three months ended december 31, 2014, the company expects advance/newhouse to effectively convert and sell to the company 1.7 million shares of its series c convertible preferred stock for an aggregate purchase price of $117 million on or about february 23, 2015. (see note 13 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.)
•   income taxes and interest we expect to continue to make payments for income taxes and interest on our outstanding senior notes. during the year ended december 31, 2014, we made cash payments of $686 million and $315 million for income taxes and interest on our outstanding debt, respectively.
•   equity based compensation we expect to continue to make payments for vested cash-settled equity awards. actual amounts expensed and payable for cash-settled awards are dependent on future fair value calculations which are primarily affected by changes in our stock price or changes in the number of awards outstanding.
during 2014, we paid $81 million for cash-settled equity awards. as of december 31, 2014, we had accrued liabilities of $84 million for outstanding cash-settled equity awards, of which $32 million was classified as current. (see note 14 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.)
•   debt maturities we anticipate that future debt maturities, including $850 million of senior notes maturing june 2015, will be funded through access to capital markets, including new borrowings or our current debt facilities.
cash flows changes in cash and cash equivalents were as follows (in millions).
cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period                        $408                $1,201                $1,048
cash provided by operating activities                                1,318                 1,285                 1,099
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents           (57    )               (6    )                2
net change in cash and cash equivalents                                (41    )             (793    )              153
cash and cash equivalents, end of period                              $367                  $408                $1,201
changes in cash and cash equivalents include amounts related to discontinued operations.
operating activities cash provided by operating activities increased $33 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase was primarily attributable to improved operating results and operating cash flows from acquired businesses partially offset by an increase in content investment of $257 million and taxes paid of $202 million.
cash provided by operating activities increased $186 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2012. the increase was primarily attributable to improved operating results and operating cash flows from acquired businesses partially offset by an increase in content investment of $335 million and changes in other working capital items. other working capital items include increases in accounts receivable that were not offset by proportional changes in accounts payable due to the timing of payments.
investing activities cash flows used in investing activities decreased $1.4 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. the decrease was primarily attributable to decreases in cash paid for business combinations of $1.5 billion, net of cash acquired (see note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements) and a decrease in realized losses for derivatives used to economically hedge business combinations of $55 million (see note 11 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements), partially offset by an increase in investments in and advances to unconsolidated equity method investees of $149 million for the investment in a 50% ownership interest in all3media, a production studio company during 2014 (see note 5 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements).
cash flows used in investing activities increased $1.3 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2012. the increase was primarily attributable to increases in cash paid for business combinations during 2013, or $1.7 billion, net of cash acquired (see note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements), as well as an increase in realized losses for derivatives used to economically hedge business combinations of $55 million (see note 11 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements), partially offset by a decrease in investments in and advances to unconsolidated equity method investees of $376 million, due primarily to the $264 million investment in eurosport and the pay television portfolio of tf1 in 2012 for which there was no comparable activity in 2013 and improved operating results of own. during 2013, we received net payments of $34 million from own. conversely during 2012, we provided own with funding of $136 million. (see note 4 to the accompanying financial statements.)
financing activities cash flows used in financing activities increased $649 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase in cash used was primarily due to a reduction in the proceeds from borrowings on an aggregated, net basis from senior notes, commercial paper and the revolver of $516 million during 2014 as compared to 2013, as well as an increase in repurchases of common stock of $117 million.
cash flows used in financing activities decreased $220 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2012. the decrease was primarily due to an increase in cash flows from the issuance of senior notes of $206 million.
capital resources as of december 31, 2014, capital resources were comprised of the following (in millions).
totalcapacity       outstandingletters ofcredit             outstandingindebtedness           unusedcapacity cash and cash equivalents                                          $367              $-                                      $-                                $367
(a) outstanding commercial paper borrowings of $229 million as of december 31, 2014 are supported by unused committed capacity under the revolving credit facility and reduce unused capacity. there were $38 million in borrowings under the revolving credit facility as of december 31, 2014.
(b) interest on senior notes is paid semi-annually, except for senior notes denominated in euro, on which interest is paid annually. our senior notes outstanding as of december 31, 2014 had interest rates that ranged from 2.375% to 6.35% and will mature between 2015 and 2043.
we expect that our cash balance, cash generated from operations and availability under our revolving credit agreement will be sufficient to fund our cash needs for the next twelve months.
as of december 31, 2014, we held $222 million of our $367 million of cash and cash equivalents in our foreign corporations. we intend to permanently reinvest these funds outside of the u.s. our current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate them to fund our u.s. operations. however, if these funds are needed for our u.s. operations, we would be required to accrue and pay u.s. taxes to repatriate them. the determination of the amount of unrecognized u.s. deferred income tax liability with respect to these undistributed foreign earnings is not practicable.
additional information regarding the changes in our outstanding indebtedness and the significant terms and provisions of our revolving credit facility and outstanding indebtedness is discussed in note 10 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data" in this annual report on form 10-k.
commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements contractual obligations as of december 31, 2014, our significant contractual obligations, including related payments due by period, were as follows (in millions).
capital lease obligations:
operating lease obligations             403                      77                     132                    95                        99
the above table does not include certain long-term obligations as the timing or the amount of the payments cannot be predicted. for example, as of december 31, 2014, we have recorded $747 million for redeemable equity (see note 12 to the
accompanying consolidated financial statements), although we are unable to predict reasonably the ultimate amount or timing of any payment. the current portion of the liability for cash-settled equity-based compensation awards was $32 million as of december 31, 2014. additionally, reserves for unrecognized tax benefits have been excluded from the above table because we are unable to predict reasonably the ultimate amount or timing of settlement. our unrecognized tax benefits totaled $176 million as of december 31, 2014. lastly, such funding obligations include funding commitments to equity method investees. as of december 31, 2014, we have funding commitments to certain equity method investees of $11 million.
long-term debt principal payments on long-term debt reflect the repayment of our outstanding senior notes, at face value, assuming repayment will occur upon maturity. interest payments on our outstanding senior notes are projected based on their contractual rate and maturity.
capital lease obligations we acquire satellite transponders and other equipment through multi-year capital lease arrangements. principal payments on capital lease obligations reflect amounts due under our capital lease agreements. interest payments on our outstanding capital lease obligations are based on the stated or implied rate in our capital lease agreements.
operating lease obligations we obtain office space and equipment under multi-year lease arrangements. most operating leases are not cancelable prior to their expiration. payments for operating leases represent the amounts due under the agreements assuming the agreements are not canceled prior to their expiration.
purchase obligations content purchase obligations include commitments and liabilities associated with third-party producers and sports associations for content that airs on our television networks. production contracts generally require: purchase of a specified number of episodes; payments over the term of the license; and include both programs that have been delivered and are available for airing and programs that have not yet been produced or sporting events that have not yet taken place. if the content is ultimately never produced, our commitments expire without obligation. the commitments disclosed above exclude content liabilities recognized on the consolidated balance sheet. we expect to enter into additional production contracts and content licenses to meet our future content needs.
other purchase obligations include agreements with certain vendors and suppliers for the purchase of goods and services whereby the underlying agreements are enforceable, legally binding and specify all significant terms. significant purchase obligations include transmission services, television rating services, marketing research, employment contracts, equipment purchases, and information technology and other services. the company has contracts that do not require the purchase of fixed or minimum quantities and generally may be terminated with a 30-day to 60-day advance notice without penalty, and are not included in the table above past the 30-day to 60-day advance notice period. amounts related to employment contracts include base compensation and do not include compensation contingent on future events.
put rights the company has granted put rights related to certain equity method investments and consolidated subsidiaries. harpo has the right to require the company to purchase all or part of its interest in own for fair value at various dates. no amounts have been recorded by the company for the harpo put right (see note 4 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements). tf1 has the right to require the company to purchase its remaining shares in eurosport (see note 3). as of december 31, 2014, the tf1 put right is recorded at $558 million (see note 12 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements). the separate written put for eurosport france does not qualify for redeemable equity classification, but as an accrued liability and is reported at a fair value of $4 million as of december 31, 2014. hasbro has the right to put the entirety of its remaining 40% non-controlling interest to the company for one year after december 31, 2021, or in the event a discovery performance obligation related to discovery family is not met. the company recorded the hasbro put right as redeemable noncontrolling interest. (see note 12 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.) additionally, j:com has the right to require the company to purchase its redeemable interest in discovery japan. the company recorded the j:com put right as redeemable noncontrolling interest (see note 12 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements).
off-balance sheet arrangements we have no material off-balance sheet arrangements (as defined in item 303(a)(4) of regulation s-k) that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.
related party transactions in the ordinary course of business we enter into transactions with related parties, primarily our equity method investees and liberty media and liberty global. information regarding transactions and amounts with related parties is discussed in note 20 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data" in this annual report on form 10-k.
new accounting and reporting pronouncements we adopted certain accounting and reporting standards during 2014. information regarding our adoption of new accounting and reporting standards is discussed in note 2 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data" in this annual report on form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with gaap, which requires management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k and accompanying notes. management considers an accounting policy to be critical if it is important to our financial condition and results of operations, and if it requires significant judgment and estimates on the part of management in its application. the development and selection of these critical accounting policies have been determined by management and the related disclosures have been reviewed with the audit committee of the board of directors of the company. we consider policies relating to the following matters to be critical accounting policies:
•   revenue recognition;
for an in depth discussion of each of our significant accounting policies, including our critical accounting policies and further information regarding estimates and assumptions involved in their application, see note 2 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data" in this annual report on form 10-k.