item 1a. risk factors you should carefully consider the following risks and other information in this form 10-k in evaluating abbvie and abbvie's common stock. any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect abbvie's results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. the risk factors generally have been separated into two groups: risks related to abbvie's business and risks related to abbvie's common stock. based on the information currently known to it, abbvie believes that the following information identifies the most significant risk factors affecting it in each of these categories of risks. however, the risks and uncertainties abbvie faces are not limited to those set forth in the risk factors described below and may not be in order of importance or probability of occurrence. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to abbvie or that abbvie currently believes to be immaterial may also adversely affect its business. in addition, past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of future performance and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods.
if any of the following risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, these events could have a material adverse effect on abbvie's business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. in such case, the trading price of abbvie's common stock could decline.
risks related to abbvie's business the expiration or loss of patent protection and licenses may adversely affect abbvie's future revenues and operating earnings.
abbvie relies on patent, trademark and other intellectual property protection in the discovery, development, manufacturing and sale of its products. in particular, patent protection is, in the aggregate, important in abbvie's marketing of pharmaceutical products in the united states and most major markets outside of the united states. patents covering abbvie products normally provide market exclusivity, which is important for the profitability of many of abbvie's products.
as patents for certain of its products expire, abbvie will or could face competition from lower priced generic products. the expiration or loss of patent protection for a product typically is followed promptly by substitutes that may significantly reduce sales for that product in a short amount of time. if abbvie's competitive position is compromised because of generics or otherwise, it could have a material adverse effect on abbvie's business and results of operations. in addition, proposals emerge from time to time for legislation to further encourage the early and rapid approval of generic drugs. any such proposals that are enacted into law could increase the impact of generic competition.
abbvie's principal patents and trademarks are described in greater detail in item 1, "business-intellectual property protection and regulatory exclusivity" and item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-results of operations," and litigation regarding these patents is described in item 3, "legal proceedings." the united states composition of matter patent for humira, which is abbvie's largest product and had worldwide net revenues of approximately $16.1 billion in 2016, expired in december 2016, and the equivalent european union patent is expected to expire in the majority of european union countries in october 2018. because humira is a biologic and biologics cannot be readily substituted, it is uncertain what impact the loss of patent protection would have on the sales of humira.
abbvie's major products could lose patent protection earlier than expected, which could adversely affect abbvie's future revenues and operating earnings.
third parties or government authorities may challenge or seek to invalidate or circumvent abbvie's patents and patent applications. for example, manufacturers of generic pharmaceutical products file, and may continue to file, abbreviated new drug applications with the fda seeking to market generic forms of abbvie's products prior to the expiration of relevant patents owned or licensed by abbvie by asserting that the patents are invalid, unenforceable and/or not infringed. in addition, petitioners have filed, and may continue to file, challenges to the validity of abbvie patents under the 2011 leahy-smith america invents act, which created inter partes review and post grant review procedures for challenging patent validity in administrative proceedings at the united states patent and trademark office.
although most of the challenges to abbvie's intellectual property have come from other businesses, governments may also challenge intellectual property rights. for example, court decisions and potential legislation relating to patents, such as legislation regarding biosimilars, and other regulatory initiatives may result in further erosion of intellectual property protection. in addition, certain governments outside the united states have indicated that compulsory licenses to patents may be sought to further their domestic policies or on the basis of national emergencies, such as hiv/aids. if triggered, compulsory licenses could diminish or eliminate sales and profits from those jurisdictions and negatively affect abbvie's results of operations.
abbvie normally responds to challenges by vigorously defending its patents, including by filing patent infringement lawsuits. patent litigation, administrative proceedings and other challenges to abbvie's patents are costly and unpredictable and may deprive abbvie of market exclusivity for a patented product. to the extent abbvie's intellectual property is successfully challenged or circumvented or to the extent such intellectual property does not allow abbvie to compete effectively, abbvie's business will suffer. to the extent that countries do not enforce abbvie's intellectual property rights or require compulsory licensing of abbvie's intellectual property, abbvie's future revenues and operating earnings will be reduced.
11 | 2016 form 10-k a third party's intellectual property may prevent abbvie from selling its products or have a material adverse effect on abbvie's future profitability and financial condition.
third parties may claim that an abbvie product infringes upon their intellectual property. resolving an intellectual property infringement claim can be costly and time consuming and may require abbvie to enter into license agreements. abbvie cannot guarantee that it would be able to obtain license agreements on commercially reasonable terms. a successful claim of patent or other intellectual property infringement could subject abbvie to significant damages or an injunction preventing the manufacture, sale, or use of the affected abbvie product or products. any of these events could have a material adverse effect on abbvie's profitability and financial condition.
any significant event that adversely affects humira revenues could have a material and negative impact on abbvie's results of operations and cash flows.
humira accounted for approximately 63% of abbvie's total net revenues in 2016. any significant event that adversely affects humira's revenues could have a material adverse impact on abbvie's results of operations and cash flows. these events could include loss of patent protection for humira, the approval of biosimilars of humira, the discovery of previously unknown side effects or impaired efficacy, increased competition from the introduction of new, more effective or less expensive treatments and discontinuation or removal from the market of humira for any reason.
abbvie's research and development efforts may not succeed in developing and marketing commercially successful products and technologies, which may cause its revenues and profitability to decline.
to remain competitive, abbvie must continue to launch new products and new indications and/or brand extensions for existing products, and such launches must generate revenue sufficient both to cover its substantial research and development costs and to replace revenues of profitable products that are lost to or displaced by competing products or therapies. failure to do so would have a material adverse effect on abbvie's revenue and profitability. accordingly, abbvie commits substantial effort, funds, and other resources to research and development and must make ongoing substantial expenditures without any assurance that its efforts will be commercially successful. a high rate of failure in the biopharmaceutical industry is inherent in the research and development of new products, and failure can occur at any point in the research and development process, including after significant funds have been invested. products that appear promising in development may fail to reach the market for numerous reasons, including failure to demonstrate effectiveness, safety concerns, superior safety or efficacy of competing therapies, failure to achieve positive clinical or pre-clinical outcomes beyond the current standards of care, inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals or delays in the approval of new products and new indications, limited scope of approved uses, excessive costs to manufacture, the failure to obtain or maintain intellectual property rights, or infringement of the intellectual property rights of others.
decisions about research studies made early in the development process of a pharmaceutical product candidate can affect the marketing strategy once such candidate receives approval. more detailed studies may demonstrate additional benefits that can help in the marketing, but they also consume time and resources and may delay submitting the pharmaceutical product candidate for approval. abbvie cannot guarantee that a proper balance of speed and testing will be made with respect to each pharmaceutical product candidate or that decisions in this area would not adversely affect abbvie's future results of operations.
even if abbvie successfully develops and markets new products or enhancements to its existing products, they may be quickly rendered obsolete by changing clinical preferences, changing industry standards, or competitors' innovations. abbvie's innovations may not be accepted quickly in the marketplace because of existing clinical practices or uncertainty over third-party reimbursement. abbvie cannot state with certainty when or whether any of its products under development will be launched, whether it will be able to develop, license, or otherwise acquire compounds or products, or whether any products will be commercially successful. failure to launch successful new products or new indications for existing products may cause abbvie's products to become obsolete, causing abbvie's revenues and operating results to suffer.
a portion of abbvie's near-term pharmaceutical pipeline relies on collaborations with third parties, which may adversely affect the development and sale of its products.
abbvie depends on alliances with pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for a portion of the products in its near-term pharmaceutical pipeline. for example, abbvie is collaborating with roche holding ag to develop and commercialize a next-generation bcl-2 inhibitor, venclexta (venetoclax), for patients with relapsed/refractory chronic lymphocytic leukemia and abbvie is investigating its efficacy for additional indications.
failures by these parties to meet their contractual, regulatory, or other obligations to abbvie, or any disruption in the relationships between abbvie and these third parties, could have an adverse effect on abbvie's pharmaceutical pipeline and business. in addition, abbvie's collaborative relationships for research and development extend for many years and may give rise to disputes regarding the relative rights, obligations and revenues of abbvie and its collaboration partners, including the ownership of intellectual property and associated rights and obligations. this could result in the loss of intellectual property rights or protection, delay the development and sale of potential pharmaceutical products and lead to lengthy and expensive litigation, administrative proceedings or arbitration.
biologics carry unique risks and uncertainties, which could have a negative impact on future results of operations.
the successful discovery, development, manufacturing and sale of biologics is a long, expensive and uncertain process. there are unique risks and uncertainties with biologics. for example, access to and supply of necessary biological materials, such as cell lines, may be limited and governmental regulations restrict access to and regulate the transport and use of such materials. in addition, the development, manufacturing and sale of biologics is subject to regulations that are often more complex and extensive than the regulations applicable to other pharmaceutical products. manufacturing biologics, especially in large quantities, is often complex and may require the use of innovative technologies. such manufacturing also requires facilities specifically designed and validated for this purpose and sophisticated quality assurance and quality control procedures. biologics are also frequently costly to manufacture because production inputs are derived from living animal or plant material, and some biologics cannot be made synthetically. failure to successfully discover, develop, manufacture and sell biologics-including humira-could adversely impact abbvie's business and results of operations.
the biologics price competition and innovation act creates a framework for the approval of biosimilars in the united states and could allow competitors to reference data from biologic products already approved. in europe, the european commission has granted marketing authorizations for several biosimilars pursuant to a set of general and product class-specific guidelines for biosimilar approvals issued over the past few years. in addition, companies are developing biosimilars in other countries that could compete with abbvie's biologic products. for example, the fda has approved a biosimilar of humira in the united states and final approval of a biosimilar of humira in the eu is imminent, and boehringer ingelheim's marketing authorization application to the ema and its application to the united states fda have been accepted for review. as competitors are able to obtain marketing approval for biosimilars referencing abbvie's biologic products, abbvie's products may become subject to competition from such biosimilars, with the attendant competitive pressure and consequences. expiration or successful challenge of abbvie's applicable patent rights could also trigger competition from other products, assuming any relevant exclusivity period has expired. as a result, abbvie could face more litigation and administrative proceedings with respect to the validity and/or scope of patents relating to its biologic products.
new products and technological advances by abbvie's competitors may negatively affect abbvie's results of operations.
abbvie competes with other research-based pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies that discover, manufacture, market, and sell proprietary pharmaceutical products and biologics. for example, humira competes with anti-tnf products and other competitive products intended to treat a number of disease states and abbvie's virology products compete with other available hepatitis c treatment options. these competitors may introduce new products or develop technological advances that compete with abbvie's products in therapeutic areas such as immunology, virology/liver disease, oncology and neuroscience. abbvie cannot predict with certainty the timing or impact of the introduction by competitors of new products or technological advances. such competing products may be safer, more effective, more effectively marketed or sold, or have lower prices or superior performance features than abbvie's products, and this could negatively impact abbvie's business and results of operations.
the manufacture of many of abbvie's products is a highly exacting and complex process, and if abbvie or one of its suppliers encounters problems manufacturing abbvie's products, abbvie's business could suffer.
the manufacture of many of abbvie's products is a highly exacting and complex process, due in part to strict regulatory requirements. problems may arise during manufacturing for a variety of reasons, including equipment malfunction, failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, problems with raw materials, delays related to the construction of new facilities or the expansion of existing facilities, including those intended to support future demand for abbvie's products, changes in manufacturing production sites and limits to manufacturing capacity due to regulatory requirements, changes in the types of
13 | 2016 form 10-k products produced, physical limitations that could inhibit continuous supply, man-made or natural disasters and environmental factors. if problems arise during the production of a batch of product, that batch of product may have to be discarded and abbvie may experience product shortages or incur added expenses. this could, among other things, lead to increased costs, lost revenue, damage to customer relations, time and expense spent investigating the cause and, depending on the cause, similar losses with respect to other batches or products. if problems are not discovered before the product is released to the market, recall and product liability costs may also be incurred.
abbvie uses a number of products in its pharmaceutical and biologic manufacturing processes that are sourced from single suppliers, and an interruption in the supply of those products could adversely affect abbvie's business and results of operations.
abbvie uses a number of products in its pharmaceutical and biologic manufacturing processes that are sourced from single suppliers. the failure of these single-source suppliers to fulfill their contractual obligations in a timely manner or as a result of regulatory noncompliance or physical disruption at a manufacturing site may impair abbvie's ability to deliver its products to customers on a timely and competitive basis, which could adversely affect abbvie's business and results of operations. finding an alternative supplier could take a significant amount of time and involve significant expense due to the nature of the products and the need to obtain regulatory approvals. abbvie cannot guarantee that it will be able to reach agreement with alternative providers or that regulatory authorities would approve abbvie's use of such alternatives. abbvie does, however, carry business interruption insurance, which provides a degree of protection in the case of a failure by a single-source supplier.
significant safety or efficacy issues could arise for abbvie's products, which could have a material adverse effect on abbvie's revenues and financial condition.
pharmaceutical products receive regulatory approval based on data obtained in controlled clinical trials of limited duration. following regulatory approval, these products will be used over longer periods of time in many patients. investigators may also conduct additional, and perhaps more extensive, studies. if new safety or efficacy issues are reported or if new scientific information becomes available (including results of post-marketing phase 4 trials), or if governments change standards regarding safety, efficacy or labeling, abbvie may be required to amend the conditions of use for a product. for example, abbvie may voluntarily provide or be required to provide updated information on a product's label or narrow its approved indication, either of which could reduce the product's market acceptance. if safety or efficacy issues with an abbvie product arise, sales of the product could be halted by abbvie or by regulatory authorities. safety or efficacy issues affecting suppliers' or competitors' products also may reduce the market acceptance of abbvie's products.
new data about abbvie's products, or products similar to its products, could negatively impact demand for abbvie's products due to real or perceived safety issues or uncertainty regarding efficacy and, in some cases, could result in product withdrawal. furthermore, new data and information, including information about product misuse, may lead government agencies, professional societies, practice management groups or organizations involved with various diseases to publish guidelines or recommendations related to the use of abbvie's products or the use of related therapies or place restrictions on sales. such guidelines or recommendations may lead to lower sales of abbvie's products.
abbvie is subject to product liability claims and lawsuits that may adversely affect its business and results of operations.
in the ordinary course of business, abbvie is the subject of product liability claims and lawsuits alleging that abbvie's products or the products of other companies that it promotes have resulted or could result in an unsafe condition for or injury to patients. product liability claims and lawsuits and safety alerts or product recalls, regardless of their ultimate outcome, may have a material adverse effect on abbvie's business, results of operations and reputation and on its ability to attract and retain customers. consequences may also include additional costs, a decrease in market share for the product in question, lower income and exposure to other claims. product liability losses are self-insured.
abbvie is subject to cost-containment efforts and pricing pressures that could cause a reduction in future revenues and operating earnings, and changes in the terms of rebate and chargeback programs, which are common in the pharmaceuticals industry, could have a material adverse effect on abbvie's operations.
cost-containment efforts by governments and private organizations are described in greater detail in item 1, "business-regulation-commercialization, distribution and manufacturing." to the extent these cost containment efforts are not offset by greater demand, increased patient access to health care, or other factors, abbvie's future revenues and operating earnings will be reduced. in the united states, the european union and other countries, abbvie's business has experienced downward pressure on product pricing, and this pressure could increase in the future.
abbvie is subject to increasing public and legislative pressure with respect to pharmaceutical pricing. in the united states, practices of managed care groups, and institutional and governmental purchasers, and united states federal laws and regulations related to medicare and medicaid, including the medicare prescription drug improvement and modernization act of 2003 and the patient protection and affordable care act, contribute to pricing pressures. the potential for continuing changes to the health care system in the united states and the increased purchasing power of entities that negotiate on behalf of medicare, medicaid and private sector beneficiaries could result in additional pricing pressures.
in numerous major markets worldwide, the government plays a significant role in funding health care services and determining the pricing and reimbursement of pharmaceutical products. consequently, in those markets, abbvie is subject to government decision-making and budgetary actions with respect to its products. in particular, many european countries have ongoing government-mandated price reductions for many pharmaceutical products, and abbvie anticipates continuing pricing pressures in europe. differences between countries in pricing regulations could lead to third-party cross-border trading in abbvie's products that results in a reduction in future revenues and operating earnings.
rebates related to government programs, such as fee-for-service medicaid or medicaid managed care programs, arise from laws and regulations. abbvie cannot predict if additional government initiatives to contain health care costs or other factors could lead to new or modified regulatory requirements that include higher or incremental rebates or discounts. other rebate and discount programs arise from contractual agreements with private payers. various factors, including market factors and the ability of private payers to control patient access to products, may provide payers the leverage to negotiate higher or additional rebates or discounts that could have a material adverse effect on abbvie's operations.
abbvie is subject to numerous governmental regulations, and it can be costly to comply with these regulations and to develop compliant products and processes.
abbvie's products are subject to rigorous regulation by numerous international, supranational, federal and state authorities, as described in item 1, "business-regulation-discovery and clinical development." the process of obtaining regulatory approvals to market a pharmaceutical product can be costly and time consuming, and approvals might not be granted for future products, or additional indications or uses of existing products, on a timely basis, if at all. delays in the receipt of, or failure to obtain approvals for, future products, or new indications and uses, could result in delayed realization of product revenues, reduction in revenues and substantial additional costs.
in addition, abbvie cannot guarantee that it will remain compliant with applicable regulatory requirements once approval has been obtained for a product. these requirements include, among other things, regulations regarding manufacturing practices, product labeling and advertising and post-marketing reporting, including adverse event reports and field alerts due to manufacturing quality concerns. abbvie must incur expense and spend time and effort to ensure compliance with these complex regulations.
possible regulatory actions could result in substantial modifications to abbvie's business practices and operations; refunds, recalls, or seizures of abbvie's products; a total or partial shutdown of production in one or more of abbvie's or its suppliers' facilities while abbvie or its supplier remedies the alleged violation; the inability to obtain future approvals; and withdrawals or suspensions of current products from the market. any of these events could disrupt abbvie's business and have a material adverse effect on its business and results of operations.
laws and regulations affecting government benefit programs could impose new obligations on abbvie, require it to change its business practices, and restrict its operations in the future.
the health care industry is subject to various federal, state and international laws and regulations pertaining to government benefit programs reimbursement, rebates, price reporting and regulation and health care fraud and abuse. in the united states, these laws include anti-kickback and false claims laws, the medicaid rebate statute, the veterans health care act and individual state laws relating to pricing and sales and marketing practices. violations of these laws may be punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions, including, in some instances, substantial fines, imprisonment and exclusion from participation in federal and state health care programs, including medicare, medicaid and veterans administration health programs. these laws and regulations are broad in scope and they are subject to change and evolving interpretations, which could require abbvie to incur substantial costs associated with compliance or to alter one or more of its sales or marketing practices. in addition, violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt abbvie's business and result in a material adverse effect on its business and results of operations.
15 | 2016 form 10-k abbvie could be subject to increased monetary penalties and/or other sanctions, including exclusion from federal health care programs, if it fails to comply with the terms of the may 7, 2012 resolution of the department of justice's investigation into sales and marketing activities for depakote.
on may 7, 2012, abbott settled united states federal and 49 state investigations into its sales and marketing activities for depakote by pleading guilty to a misdemeanor violation of the food, drug and cosmetic act, agreeing to pay approximately $700 million in criminal fines and forfeitures and approximately $900 million to resolve civil claims, and submitting to a term of probation. the term of probation ended january 1, 2016 upon abbvie satisfying all of the probation conditions. however, if abbvie violates any remaining terms of the plea agreement, it may face additional monetary sanctions and other such remedies as the court deems appropriate.
in addition, abbott entered into a five-year cia with the office of inspector general for the united states department of health and human services (oig). the effective date of the cia is october 11, 2012. the obligations of the cia have transferred to and become fully binding on abbvie. the cia requires enhancements to abbvie's compliance program, fulfillment of reporting and monitoring obligations, management certifications and resolutions from abbvie's board of directors, among other requirements. compliance with the requirements of the settlement will impose additional costs and burdens on abbvie, including in the form of employee training, third party reviews, compliance monitoring, reporting obligations and management attention. if abbvie fails to comply with the cia, the oig may impose monetary penalties or exclude abbvie from federal health care programs, including medicare and medicaid. abbvie and abbott may be subject to third party claims and shareholder lawsuits in connection with the settlement, and abbvie may be required to indemnify all or a portion of abbott's costs.
the international nature of abbvie's business subjects it to additional business risks that may cause its revenue and profitability to decline.
abbvie's business is subject to risks associated with doing business internationally, including in emerging markets. net revenues outside of the united states make up approximately 38% of abbvie's total net revenues in 2016. the risks associated with abbvie's operations outside the united states include:
•   fluctuations in currency exchange rates;
•   changes in medical reimbursement policies and programs;
•   multiple legal and regulatory requirements that are subject to change and that could restrict abbvie's ability to manufacture, market and sell its products;
•   trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements;
•   potentially negative consequences from changes in or interpretations of tax laws;
•   political and economic instability, including sovereign debt issues;
•   price and currency exchange controls, limitations on participation in local enterprises, expropriation, nationalization and other governmental action;
•   potential deterioration in the economic position and credit quality of certain non-u.s. countries, including in europe and latin america; and
•   potential penalties or other adverse consequences for violations of anti-corruption, anti-bribery and other similar laws and regulations, including the united states foreign corrupt practices act and the united kingdom bribery act.
events contemplated by these risks may, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on abbvie's revenues and profitability.
abbvie's ability to realize the anticipated benefits of its merger with pharmacyclics will depend on its ability to effectively and profitably commercialize imbruvica® (ibrutinib).
the anticipated benefits of abbvie's merger with pharmacyclics will depend on abbvie's ability to: effectively and profitably commercialize imbruvica, including abbvie's ability to create and meet continued market demand, achieve market acceptance and generate product sales; ensure that the active pharmaceutical ingredient for imbruvica and the finished product are manufactured in sufficient quantities and in compliance with requirements of the fda and similar foreign regulatory agencies and with acceptable quality and pricing to meet commercial demand; and ensure that the entire supply chain efficiently and consistently delivers imbruvica to abbvie's customers. the commercialization of imbruvica may not be successful due to, among other things, unexpected challenges from competitors, new safety issues or concerns being reported that may impact or narrow the approved indications, the relative price of imbruvica as compared to alternative treatment options, and changes to the label for imbruvica that further restrict its marketing. if the commercialization of imbruvica is unsuccessful, abbvie's ability to generate revenue from product sales and realize the anticipated benefits of the merger will be adversely affected.
abbvie may acquire other businesses, license rights to technologies or products, form alliances, or dispose of assets, which could cause it to incur significant expenses and could negatively affect profitability.
abbvie may pursue acquisitions, technology licensing arrangements, and strategic alliances, or dispose of some of its assets, as part of its business strategy. abbvie may not complete these transactions in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis, or at all, and may not realize the expected benefits. if abbvie is successful in making an acquisition, the products and technologies that are acquired may not be successful or may require significantly greater resources and investments than originally anticipated. abbvie may not be able to integrate acquisitions successfully into its existing business and could incur or assume significant debt and unknown or contingent liabilities. abbvie could also experience negative effects on its reported results of operations from acquisition or disposition-related charges, amortization of expenses related to intangibles and charges for impairment of long-term assets. these effects could cause a deterioration of abbvie's credit rating and result in increased borrowing costs and interest expense.
additionally, changes in abbvie's structure, operations, revenues, costs, or efficiency resulting from major transactions such as acquisitions, divestitures, mergers, alliances, restructurings or other strategic initiatives, may result in greater than expected costs, may take longer than expected to complete or encounter other difficulties, including the need for regulatory approval where appropriate.
abbvie is dependent on wholesale distributors for distribution of its products in the united states and, accordingly, its results of operations could be adversely affected if they encounter financial difficulties.
in 2016, three wholesale distributors-amerisourcebergen corporation, cardinal health, inc. and mckesson corporation-accounted for substantially all of abbvie's net revenues in the united states. if one of its significant wholesale distributors encounters financial or other difficulties, such distributor may decrease the amount of business that it does with abbvie, and abbvie may be unable to collect all the amounts that the distributor owes it on a timely basis or at all, which could negatively impact abbvie's business and results of operations.
abbvie has debt obligations that could adversely affect its business and its ability to meet its obligations.
the amount of debt that abbvie has incurred and intends to incur could have important consequences to abbvie and its investors. these consequences include, among other things, requiring a portion of abbvie's cash flow from operations to make interest payments on this debt and reducing the cash flow available to fund capital expenditures and other corporate purposes and to grow abbvie's business. to the extent abbvie incurs additional indebtedness, these risks could increase. in addition, abbvie's cash flow from operations may not be sufficient to repay all of the outstanding debt as it becomes due, and abbvie may not be able to borrow money, sell assets, or otherwise raise funds on acceptable terms, or at all, to refinance its debt.
abbvie may need additional financing in the future to meet its capital needs or to make opportunistic acquisitions, and such financing may not be available on favorable terms, if at all.
abbvie may need to seek additional financing for its general corporate purposes. for example, it may need to increase its investment in research and development activities or need funds to make acquisitions. abbvie may be unable to obtain any
17 | 2016 form 10-k desired additional financing on terms favorable to it, if at all. if abbvie loses its investment grade credit rating or adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, abbvie may be unable to fund its expansion, successfully develop or enhance products, or respond to competitive pressures, any of which could negatively affect abbvie's business. if abbvie raises additional funds by issuing debt or entering into credit facilities, it may be subject to limitations on its operations due to restrictive covenants. failure to comply with these covenants could adversely affect abbvie's business.
abbvie depends on information technology and a failure of those systems could adversely affect abbvie's business.
abbvie relies on sophisticated information technology systems to operate its business. these systems are potentially vulnerable to malicious intrusion, random attack, loss of data privacy, or breakdown. data privacy or security breaches by employees or others may cause sensitive data, including intellectual property, trade secrets or personal information belonging to abbvie, its patients, customers or business partners, to be exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public. although abbvie has invested in the protection of its data and information technology and also monitors its systems on an ongoing basis, there can be no assurance that these efforts will prevent breakdowns or breaches in abbvie's information technology systems that could adversely affect abbvie's business.
other factors can have a material adverse effect on abbvie's profitability and financial condition.
many other factors can affect abbvie's results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, including:
•   changes in or interpretations of laws and regulations, including changes in accounting standards, taxation requirements, product marketing application standards and environmental laws;
•   differences between the fair value measurement of assets and liabilities and their actual value, particularly for pension and post-employment benefits, stock-based compensation, intangibles and goodwill; and for contingent liabilities such as litigation and contingent consideration, the absence of a recorded amount, or an amount recorded at the minimum, compared to the actual amount;
•   changes in the rate of inflation (including the cost of raw materials, commodities and supplies), interest rates, market value of abbvie's equity investments and the performance of investments held by it or its employee benefit trusts;
•   changes in the creditworthiness of counterparties that transact business with or provide services to abbvie or its employee benefit trusts;
•   changes in the ability of third parties that provide information technology, accounting, human resources, payroll and other outsourced services to abbvie to meet their contractual obligations to abbvie; and
•   changes in business, economic and political conditions, including: war, political instability, terrorist attacks, the threat of future terrorist activity and related military action; natural disasters; the cost and availability of insurance due to any of the foregoing events; labor disputes, strikes, slow-downs, or other forms of labor or union activity; and pressure from third-party interest groups.
risks related to abbvie's common stock abbvie cannot guarantee the timing, amount, or payment of dividends on its common stock.
although abbvie expects to pay regular cash dividends, the timing, declaration, amount and payment of future dividends to stockholders will fall within the discretion of abbvie's board of directors. the board's decisions regarding the payment of dividends will depend on many factors, such as abbvie's financial condition, earnings, capital requirements, debt service obligations, industry practice, legal requirements, regulatory constraints and other factors that the board deems relevant. for more information, see item 5, "market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities." abbvie's ability to pay dividends will depend on its ongoing ability to generate cash from operations and access capital markets. abbvie cannot guarantee that it will continue to pay a dividend in the future.
an abbvie stockholder's percentage of ownership in abbvie may be diluted in the future.
in the future, a stockholder's percentage ownership in abbvie may be diluted because of equity issuances for capital market transactions, equity awards that abbvie will be granting to abbvie's directors, officers and employees, acquisitions, or other purposes. abbvie's employees have options to purchase shares of its common stock as a result of conversion of their abbott stock options (in whole or in part) to abbvie stock options. abbvie anticipates its compensation committee will grant additional stock options or other stock-based awards to its employees. such awards will have a dilutive effect on abbvie's earnings per share, which could adversely affect the market price of abbvie's common stock. from time to time, abbvie will issue additional options or other stock-based awards to its employees under abbvie's employee benefits plans.
in addition, abbvie's amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes abbvie to issue, without the approval of abbvie's stockholders, one or more classes or series of preferred stock having such designation, powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights, including preferences over abbvie's common stock respecting dividends and distributions, as abbvie's board of directors generally may determine. the terms of one or more classes or series of preferred stock could dilute the voting power or reduce the value of abbvie's common stock. for example, abbvie could grant the holders of preferred stock the right to elect some number of abbvie's directors in all events or on the happening of specified events or the right to veto specified transactions. similarly, the repurchase or redemption rights or liquidation preferences abbvie could assign to holders of preferred stock could affect the residual value of the common stock.
certain provisions in abbvie's amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws, and of delaware law, may prevent or delay an acquisition of abbvie, which could decrease the trading price of abbvie's common stock.
abbvie's amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws contain, and delaware law contains, provisions that are intended to deter coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids by making such practices or bids unacceptably expensive to the bidder and to encourage prospective acquirors to negotiate with abbvie's board of directors rather than to attempt a hostile takeover. these provisions include, among others:
•   the inability of abbvie's stockholders to call a special meeting;
•   the division of abbvie's board of directors into three classes of directors, with each class serving a staggered three-year term;
•   the ability of abbvie's directors, and not stockholders, to fill vacancies on abbvie's board of directors; and
•   the requirement that the affirmative vote of stockholders holding at least 80% of abbvie's voting stock is required to amend certain provisions in abbvie's amended and restated certificate of incorporation and abbvie's amended and restated by-laws relating to the number, term and election of abbvie's directors, the filling of board vacancies, the calling of special meetings of stockholders and director and officer indemnification provisions.
in addition, section 203 of the delaware general corporation law provides that, subject to limited exceptions, persons that acquire, or are affiliated with a person that acquires, more than 15% of the outstanding voting stock of a delaware corporation shall not engage in any business combination with that corporation, including by merger, consolidation or acquisitions of additional shares, for a three-year period following the date on which that person or its affiliates becomes the holder of more than 15% of the corporation's outstanding voting stock.
abbvie believes these provisions protect its stockholders from coercive or otherwise unfair takeover tactics by requiring potential acquirors to negotiate with abbvie's board of directors and by providing abbvie's board of directors with more time to assess any acquisition proposal. these provisions are not intended to make the company immune from takeovers. however, these provisions apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some stockholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that abbvie's board of directors determines is not in the best interests of abbvie and abbvie's stockholders. these provisions may also prevent or discourage attempts to remove and replace incumbent directors.
19 | 2016 form 10-k cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements this annual report on form 10-k contains certain forward looking statements regarding business strategies, market potential, future financial performance and other matters. the words "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "project" and similar expressions, among others, generally identify "forward looking statements," which speak only as of the date the statements were made. the matters discussed in these forward looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected, anticipated or implied in the forward looking statements. in particular, information included under item 1, "business," item 1a, "risk factors," and item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" contain forward looking statements. where, in any forward looking statement, an expectation or belief as to future results or events is expressed, such expectation or belief is based on the current plans and expectations of abbvie management and expressed in good faith and believed to have a reasonable basis, but there can be no assurance that the expectation or belief will result or be achieved or accomplished. factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those anticipated include the matters described under item 1a, "risk factors" and item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations." abbvie does not undertake any obligation to update the forward-looking statements included in this annual report on form 10-k to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof, unless abbvie is required by applicable securities law to do so.
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following is a discussion and analysis of the financial condition of abbvie inc. (abbvie or the company) as of december 31, 2016 and 2015 and results of operations for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2016. this commentary should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes appearing in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
executive overview company overview abbvie is a global, research-based biopharmaceutical company formed in 2013 following separation from abbott laboratories (abbott). abbvie's mission is to use its expertise, dedicated people and unique approach to innovation to develop and market advanced therapies that address some of the world's most complex and serious diseases. abbvie's products are focused on treating conditions such as chronic autoimmune diseases in rheumatology, gastroenterology and dermatology; oncology, including blood cancers; virology, including hepatitis c (hcv) and human immunodeficiency virus (hiv); neurological disorders, such as parkinson's disease and multiple sclerosis; metabolic diseases, including thyroid disease and complications associated with cystic fibrosis; as well as other serious health conditions. abbvie also has a pipeline of promising new medicines across such important medical specialties as immunology, virology, oncology and neurology, with additional targeted investment in cystic fibrosis and women's health.
abbvie's products are generally sold worldwide directly to wholesalers, distributors, government agencies, health care facilities, specialty pharmacies and independent retailers from abbvie-owned distribution centers and public warehouses. in the united states, abbvie distributes pharmaceutical products principally through independent wholesale distributors, with some sales directly to pharmacies and patients. outside the united states, sales are made either directly to customers or through distributors, depending on the market served. certain products are co-marketed or co-promoted with other companies. abbvie has approximately 30,000 employees. abbvie operates in one business segment-pharmaceutical products.
2016 financial results abbvie's strategy has focused on delivering strong financial results, advancing and investing in its pipeline and returning value to shareholders while ensuring a strong, sustainable growth business over the long term. in 2016, abbvie's worldwide net revenues grew by 12% to $25.6 billion, driven primarily by the continued strength of humira, post-acquisition revenue growth related to imbruvica and revenue growth in other key products including creon and duodopa. these increases were partially offset by a decline in net revenues of kaletra and viekira.
the company's financial performance in 2016 included delivering diluted earnings per share of $3.63. 2016 results included the following after-tax costs: (i) $615 million related to the amortization of intangible assets; (ii) a $298 million currency devaluation loss related to venezuela; (iii) $273 million related to the acquisition of stemcentrx and boehringer ingelheim (bi) compounds; (iv) $228 million for changes in contingent consideration; (v) $200 million for acquired in-process research and development (ipr&d); (vi) $187 million associated with a tax law change for regulations issued in the fourth quarter of 2016 that revised the treatment of foreign currency translation gains and losses for certain operations; and (vii) milestone payments of $80 million. additionally, 2016 financial results reflected added funding to support abbvie's emerging mid- and late-stage pipeline assets and continued investment in abbvie's growth brands.
in 2016, the company generated cash flows from operations of $7.0 billion, which abbvie utilized to continue to enhance its pipeline through licensing and collaboration activities, pay cash dividends to stockholders of $3.7 billion and repurchase approximately 34 million shares for $2.1 billion in the open market (excluding the shares repurchased under an accelerated repurchase agreement). in october 2016, abbvie's board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.64 per share of common stock payable in february 2017. this reflects an increase of approximately 12% over the previous quarterly rate of $0.57 per share of common stock.
in april 2016, abbvie acquired all rights to risankizumab (bi 655066), an anti-il-23 monoclonal biologic antibody, from bi pursuant to a global collaboration agreement. in june 2016, abbvie acquired stemcentrx, a privately held biotechnology company. the transaction expands abbvie's oncology pipeline by adding the late-stage asset rovalpituzumab tesirine (rova-t), four additional early-stage clinical compounds in solid tumor indications and a significant portfolio of pre-clinical assets. rova-t is currently in registrational trials for small cell lung cancer and in early-stage clinical development for other solid tumors. in connection with the stemcentrx acquisition, abbvie's board of directors authorized a $4.0 billion increase to abbvie's existing share repurchase program. promptly following the closing of the stemcentrx transaction, abbvie entered into and executed a $3.8 billion accelerated share repurchase agreement (asr) with a third party financial institution to reacquire nearly all of the newly-issued equity. in may 2016, abbvie issued $7.8 billion aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes. of the $7.7 billion net proceeds, $2.0 billion was used to repay the company's outstanding term loan that was due to mature in november 2016, approximately $1.9 billion was used to finance the acquisition of stemcentrx and approximately $3.8 billion was used to finance the asr. in november 2016, the company issued €3.6 billion aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior euro notes and repaid the company's outstanding 1.75% senior notes that were due to mature in november 2017. see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to the acquisition of stemcentrx and bi compounds, note 9 for additional information related to the senior euro notes and note 12 for additional information related to the asr.
2017 strategic objectives abbvie's mission is to be an innovation-driven, patient-focused specialty biopharmaceutical company capable of achieving top-tier financial performance through outstanding execution and a consistent stream of innovative new medicines. abbvie intends to continue to advance its mission in a number of ways, including: (i) growing revenues through continued strong performance from its existing portfolio of on-market products, including its flagship brands, humira and imbruvica as well as growth from pipeline products; (ii) expanding operating margins; (iii) continued investment in its pipeline in support of opportunities in immunology, oncology, virology and neurology as well as continued investment in key on-market products; (iv) augmentation of its pipeline through concerted focus on strategic licensing, acquisition and partnering activity with a focus on identifying compelling programs that fit abbvie's strategic criteria; and (v) returning cash to shareholders via dividends and share repurchases. in addition, abbvie anticipates several regulatory submissions and key data readouts from key clinical trials in the next twelve months.
abbvie expects to achieve its strategic objectives as follows:
•   humira sales growth by driving biologic penetration across disease categories, increasing market leadership and strong commercial execution.
•   imbruvica revenue growth driven by increasing market share within its five currently approved indications.
•   the favorable impact of pipeline products approved in 2016 or currently under regulatory review where approval is expected in 2017. these products are described in greater detail in the section labeled "research and development" included as part of this item 7.
abbvie remains committed to driving continued expansion of operating margins and expects to achieve this objective through productivity initiatives in supply chain, ongoing efficiency programs to optimize manufacturing, commercial infrastructure, administrative costs and general corporate expenses and continued leverage from revenue growth. abbvie also remains committed to returning cash to shareholders via dividends and share repurchases.
research and development research and innovation are the cornerstones of abbvie's business as a global biopharmaceutical company. abbvie's long-term success depends to a great extent on its ability to continue to discover and develop innovative pharmaceutical products and acquire or collaborate on compounds currently in development by other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies.
abbvie's pipeline currently includes more than 50 compounds or indications in clinical development individually or under collaboration or license agreements and is focused on such important medical specialties as immunology, oncology, virology and neurology along with targeted investments in cystic fibrosis and women's health. of these programs, more than 30 are in mid- and late-stage development.
the following sections summarize transitions of significant programs from phase 2 development to phase 3 development as well as developments in significant phase 3 and registration programs. abbvie expects multiple phase 2 programs to transition into phase 3 programs in the next twelve months.
significant programs and developments immunology humira
•   in may 2016, the european medicines agency (ema) granted approval for humira for the treatment of pediatric patients aged six years or older, with moderate to severely active crohn's disease.
•   in november 2016, abbvie announced that that the committee for medicinal products for human use (chmp) granted a positive opinion for humira to treat adolescents with hidradenitis suppurativa (hs). if future approval is granted by the european commission, humira will be the first and only treatment option for patients aged 12 and older with hs. humira was approved for adults with moderate to severe hs by the european commission in july 2015.
•   in april 2016, abbvie acquired all rights to risankizumab (bi 655066), an anti-il-23 monoclonal biologic antibody in phase 3 development for psoriasis, from bi pursuant to a global collaboration agreement. abbvie is also evaluating the potential of this biologic therapy in crohn's disease, psoriatic arthritis and asthma. in addition to risankizumab, abbvie also gained rights to an anti-cd40 antibody, bi 655064, currently in phase 1 development.
•   in november 2016, abbvie announced that the u.s. food and drug administration (fda) granted risankizumab orphan drug designation for the treatment of pediatric patients with crohn's disease.
•   abbvie continued to make progress with abt-494, the company's selective jak-1 inhibitor currently in late-stage development for rheumatoid arthritis. in first quarter of 2016, abbvie initiated three phase 3 studies in the registrational program. in the fourth quarter of 2016, the company started a fifth pivotal trial.
•   in july 2016, following an evaluation of data for the development of abt-122, a dual-variable domain (dvd) immunoglobulin targeting tnf and il-17 in phase 2 trials for rheumatoid arthritis and psoriatic arthritis, abbvie determined that further development of abt-122 will not be pursued. while the trial data demonstrated that the dvd platform worked well, with clear evidence of biologic activity, the decision was based on a lack a differentiation from other candidates in abbvie's development pipeline.
•   in october 2016, abbvie opted not to exercise an option to license vobarilizumab, an anti-il-6r nanobody, from ablynx nv based on results of a phase 2 study in rheumatoid arthritis. abbvie retains an option to license vobarilizumab based on results of an on-going phase 2 study in systemic lupus erythematosus.
•   in march 2016, abbvie announced that the fda approved imbruvica as a first-line treatment for patients with cll. the approval was based on data from the phase 3 resonate-2 trial, which evaluated efficacy and safety of imbruvica versus traditional chemotherapy, chlorambucil, in treatment-naïve patients with cll or small lymphocytic leukemia. this is the first fda-approved chemotherapy-free treatment option for first-line cll patients. in may 2016, abbvie announced that the ema approved imbruvica as a first-line treatment option for adult patients with cll. imbruvica is now available to treat all lines of cll in the european union (eu). this is the fifth treatment indication in the eu for imbruvica.
•   in may 2016, abbvie announced that the fda updated the imbruvica prescribing information to include new data from two phase 3 trials supporting expanded use in patients with cll and small lymphocytic lymphoma. the label now includes overall survival results in previously-untreated cll/small lymphocytic lymphoma patients from the phase 3 resonate-2 trial. the imbruvica label has also been updated with safety and efficacy data from the phase 3 helios trial assessing the use of imbruvica in combination with bendamustine and rituximab versus placebo plus rituximab in relapsed/refractory patients with cll/small lymphocytic lymphoma. additionally, the fda approved a new imbruvica indication to include the treatment of patients with small lymphocytic lymphoma with or without the deletion of chromosome 17p.
•   in june 2016, abbvie announced that the fda granted imbruvica breakthrough therapy designation for chronic graft-versus-host-disease after failure of one or more lines of systemic therapy, a rare condition with limited treatment options. this is the fourth breakthrough therapy designation for imbruvica.
•   in january 2017, abbvie announced that the fda approved imbruvica for the treatment of patients with relapsed/refractory marginal zone lymphoma (mzl) who require systemic therapy and have received at least one prior anti-cd20-based therapy. this indication is approved under accelerated approval based on overall response rate (orr) and continued approval may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in a confirmatory trial. mzl is a slow-growing form of non-hodgkin's lymphoma. this marks the seventh fda approval and fifth disease indication for imbruvica since the medication's initial approval in 2013.
•   in april 2016, the fda granted accelerated approval of venclexta (venetoclax) tablets for patients diagnosed with chronic lymphocytic leukemia (cll) with 17p deletion who have received at least one prior therapy. additionally, in january 2016, the fda granted two additional breakthrough therapy designations for venetoclax: (i) in combination with rituximab for the treatment of patients with relapsed/refractory cll, including patients with chromosome 17p deletion; and (ii) in combination with hypomethylating agents for the treatment of patients with untreated (treatment-naïve) acute myeloid leukemia (aml) who are ineligible to receive standard induction therapy (high-dose chemotherapy). a phase 3 clinical trial was recently initiated to study the safety and efficacy of venetoclax in combination with azacitidine in treatment naïve elderly subjects with aml who are ineligible for standard induction therapy.
•   in july 2016, abbvie announced the initiation of a phase 3 clinical trial to study the safety and efficacy of venetoclax in combination with bortezomib and dexamethasone in patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma who are considered sensitive or naive to proteasome inhibitors and have received one to three prior lines of therapy. the combination of venetoclax, bortezomib and dexamethasone will be compared to treatment with bortezomib, dexamethasone and placebo.
•   in december 2016, abbvie announced that the european commission (ec) has granted conditional marketing authorization for venclyxto (venetoclax) monotherapy for the treatment of cll in the presence of 17p deletion or tp53 mutation in adult patients who are unsuitable for or have failed a b-cell receptor pathway inhibitor; and for the treatment of cll in the absence of 17p deletion or tp53 mutation in adult patients who have failed both chemoimmunotherapy and a b-cell receptor pathway inhibitor. conditional marketing authorization is granted to medicines that address an unmet medical need, where the benefit of its immediate availability to patients outweighs the risk of limited data availability and where comprehensive data will be provided. venclyxto is a fist-in-class, oral, once-daily medicine that selectively inhibits the function of the bcl-2 protein. venclyxto is being developed by abbvie and genentech, a member of the roche group. it is jointly commercialized by the companies in the u.s. and by abbvie outside of the u.s.
•   in june 2016, abbvie acquired stemcentrx and its lead late-stage asset rova-t currently in registrational trials for small cell lung cancer (sclc). rova-t is a novel bio-marker-specific therapy that is derived from cancer stem cells and targets delta-like protein 3 (dll3) that is expressed in more than 80% of sclc patient tumors and is not present in healthy tissue. registrational trials for third-line sclc are expected to complete enrollment by the end of 2016. abbvie recently began enrollment of a phase 1 eight-arm "basket study" in neuroendocrine tumors and a phase 1/2 regimen selection study as a first-line treatment for sclc. beyond rova-t, stemcentrx has four novel compounds in clinical trials across several solid tumor indications and has additional pre-clinical compounds.
•   in july 2016, bms and abbvie announced a clinical trial collaboration to evaluate the safety, tolerability and efficacy of rova-t in combination with bms' opdivo (nivolumab) and opdivo + yervoy (ipilimumab) regimen as a treatment for relapsed extensive stage sclc. the phase 1/2 clinical program will explore the potential of combining bms' immune-oncology agents in conjunction with rova-t to drive improved and sustained efficacy and tolerability above the current standard of care.
•   in may 2016, bristol-myers squibb company (bms) and abbvie announced that the ema approved empliciti (elotuzumab) for the treatment of multiple myeloma as combination therapy with revlimid® (lenalidomide) and dexamethasone in adult patients who have received at least one prior therapy. empliciti is now the first and only immunostimulatory antibody approved for multiple myeloma in the eu.
•   in june 2016, abbvie exercised its right to end its global collaboration with infinity pharmaceuticals, inc. (infinity), which it entered into in september 2014 to develop and commercialize duvelisib (ipi-145) for the treatment of patients with cancer. pursuant to the terms of the global collaboration agreement, the worldwide rights to duvelisib reverted to infinity.
•   in february 2016, abbvie announced that chmp granted a positive opinion for the use of viekira (ombitasvir/paritaprevir/ritonavir tablets) + exviera (dasabuvir tablets) without ribavirin (rbv) in chronic hcv infected genotype 1b (gt1b) patients with compensated cirrhosis (child-pugh a). in april 2016, abbvie announced that the fda approved viekira pak (ombitasvir, paritaprevir, ritonavir tablets; dasabuvir tablets) without rbv in patients with gt1b chronic hcv infection and compensated cirrhosis. in july 2016, abbvie announced that the fda approved a new drug application (nda) for viekira xr (dasabuvir, ombitasvir, paritaprevir and ritonavir) extended-release tablets. viekira xr is a once-daily, extended-release co-formulation of the active ingredients in viekira pak (ombitasvir, paritaprevir and ritonavir tablets; dasabuvir tablets) and is for the treatment of patients with chronic genotype 1 (gt1) hcv, including those with compensated cirrhosis (child-pugh a).
•   in october 2016, abbvie announced that the fda granted breakthrough therapy designation for the investigational, pan-genotypic regimen of glecaprevir (abt-493)/pibrentasvir (abt-530) for the treatment of patients with hcv who failed previous therapy with direct-acting antivirals in genotype 1, including therapy with an ns5a inhibitor and/or protease inhibitor.
•   in january 2017, abbvie announced that its marketing authorization application (maa) has been validated and is now under accelerated assessment by the ema for the company's investigational, pan-genotypic regimen of g/p for the treatment of all major chronic hcv genotypes. g/p is also intended to address the needs of patients with specific treatment challenges, including those with severe chronic kidney disease (ckd) and those not cured with previous direct-acting antiviral (daa) treatment. in february 2017, abbvie announced that the fda accepted its new drug application (nda) and granted priority review for the company's investigational, pan-genotypic regimen of g/p for the treatment of all major chronic hcv genotypes.
•   in may 2016, biogen and abbvie announced that the fda approved zinbryta (daclizumab) for the treatment of adult patients with relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis (rms). zinbryta is a once-monthly, self-administered, subcutaneous injection. biogen and abbvie will co-promote zinbryta in the united states. in july 2016, biogen and abbvie announced that the ema granted a marketing authorization for zinbryta for the treatment of adult patients with rms. zinbryta launched in the third quarter of 2016.
•   in january 2016, abbvie announced the initiation of the first of two planned phase 3 studies evaluating the safety and efficacy of elagolix in the treatment of patients with uterine fibroids. abbvie made a milestone payment of $15 million to neurocrine biosciences, inc., abbvie's collaboration partner, upon enrollment of the first patient. elagolix is also in phase 3 development for endometriosis.
results of operations net revenues the comparisons presented at constant currency rates reflect comparative local currency net revenues at the prior year's foreign exchange rates. this measure provides information on the change in net revenues assuming that foreign currency exchange rates had not changed between the prior and the current periods. abbvie believes that the non-gaap measure of change in net revenues at constant currency rates, when used in conjunction with the gaap measure of change in net revenues at actual currency rates, may provide a more complete understanding of the company's operations and can facilitate analysis of the company's results of operations, particularly in evaluating performance from one period to another.
percent change at actualcurrencyrates                at constantcurrencyrates for the years ended (dollars in millions)            2016   2015                2014                            2016                 2015               2016                 2015
percent change at actualcurrencyrates                          at constantcurrencyrates years ended december 31 (in millions)            2016                2015                2014                    2016                      2015                    2016                      2015
imbruvica united states                              $1,580                $659                  $-            &gt;100.0      %                n/a               &gt;100.0      %                n/a collaboration revenues                        252                  95                   -            &gt;100.0      %                n/a               &gt;100.0      %                n/a total                                      $1,832                $754                  $-            &gt;100.0      %                n/a               &gt;100.0      %                n/a viekira united states                                $342                $804                 $48                (57.4     )%          &gt;100.0      %            (57.4     )%          &gt;100.0      %
sevoflurane united states                                 $80                 $81                 $83                 (1.0     )%               (2.5     )%             (1.0     )%               (2.5     )%
the following discussion and analysis of abbvie's net revenues by product is presented on a constant currency basis.
global humira sales increased 16% in 2016 and 19% in 2015. the sales increase in 2016 was driven by market growth across therapeutic categories and geographies, favorable pricing in certain geographies and approval of new indications. the sales increase in 2015 was primarily as a result of market growth across therapeutic categories and geographies, higher market share, approval of new indications and favorable pricing in certain geographies. in the united states, humira revenues increased 24% in 2016 and 29% in 2015, driven by prescription volume, favorable pricing, market growth across all indications and higher market share. internationally, humira revenues increased 4% in 2016 and 9% in 2015, driven primarily by growth across indications. abbvie continues to pursue strategies to help further differentiate humira from competing products and add to the sustainability and future growth of humira.
net revenues for imbruvica represent product revenues in the united states and collaboration revenues outside of the united states related to abbvie's 50% share of imbruvica profit. net revenues for imbruvica commenced following the completion of the pharmacyclics acquisition on may 26, 2015. global imbruvica sales increased more than 100% in 2016 as a result of market share gains following the fda and ema approval of imbruvica as a first-line treatment for patients with cll as well as having a full year of sales in 2016.
global viekira sales decreased 6% in 2016, as a result of lower market share, primarily in the united states, market contraction and price erosion. in the united states, sales decreased 57% in 2016, primarily due to lower market share resulting from a new market entrant in the first quarter of 2016 and contraction of the overall market. international revenues in 2016 reflected sales in additional geographies where the product was approved subsequent to december 31, 2015. viekira was launched in 2015, revenues increased during 2015 as the product was approved in additional geographies.
synagis is a seasonal product with the majority of sales occurring in the first and fourth quarters. net revenues remained constant in 2016 and increased 1% in 2015.
net revenues for creon increased 15% in 2016 and 22% in 2015, driven primarily by continued market growth and higher market share. creon maintains market leadership in the pancreatic enzyme market.
global kaletra net revenues decreased 17% in 2016 and 10% in 2015, primarily due to lower market share resulting from the impact of increasing competition in the hiv marketplace. abbvie expects net revenues for kaletra to continue to decline in 2017.
net revenues for duodopa increased 28% in 2016 and 23% in 2015, primarily as a result of market penetration and geographic expansion. duopa was approved in the united states in january 2015. abbvie expects net revenues for duopa in the united states will continue to gradually increase during 2017 as the product gains acceptance in the marketplace.
gross margin percent change years ended december 31 (in millions)            2016                2015                2014          2016           2015
as a percent of net revenues                   77   %              80   %              78   %
gross margin as a percentage of net revenues decreased in 2016 due to the impact of unfavorable foreign exchange rates, higher intangible asset amortization and the unfavorable impact related to the pharmacyclics acquisition, including the profit sharing arrangement and the amortization of the fair market value step-up of acquisition-date inventory. these reductions were partially offset by the favorable impact of product mix across the portfolio and manufacturing efficiencies. additionally, 2016 included a $39 million charge related to the impairment of an intangible asset in the first quarter of 2016.
the gross margin for 2015 and 2014 reflected the favorable impact of product mix across the product portfolio, including humira, operational efficiencies and price increases, partially offset by the effect of unfavorable foreign exchange rates and the loss of exclusivity for the lipid franchise. gross margin in 2015 also included milestone revenue of $40 million from a collaboration partner related the company's oncology program. additionally, gross margin in 2014 included royalty income of $81 million relating to prior periods as a result of the settlement of a licensing arrangement and lower amortization expense for intangible assets, partially offset by a $37 million impairment charge for an intangible asset.
35 | 2016 form 10-k selling, general and administrative percentchange years ended december 31 (in millions)            2016                2015                2014          2016   2015
as a percent of net revenues                   23   %              28   %              39   %
sg&a expenses as a percentage of net revenues decreased in 2016 due to continued leverage from revenue growth and lower costs in 2016. 2015 sg&a expenses included costs associated with the separation from abbott of $265 million, pharmacyclics acquisition and integration costs of $294 million and litigation charges of $165 million. additionally, sg&a expense in 2015 reflected marketing support for the global launch of viekira.
sg&a expenses declined in 2015 compared to 2014, principally due to the absence of transaction-related costs totaling $1.7 billion incurred in 2014 in connection with the termination of the proposed combination with shire, partially offset by the 2015 items discussed above. sg&a expenses in 2014 also included a $129 million charge related to the branded prescription drug fee due to the issuance of final rules which resulted in an additional year of expense in 2014.
research and development and acquired in-process research and development percentchange years ended december 31 (in millions)                   2016                2015                2014          2016            2015
research and development                          $4,366              $4,285              $3,297            2    %         30   %
as a percent of net revenues                          17   %              19   %              17   %
acquired in-process research and development        $200                $150                $352           33    %        (57   )%
research and development (r&d) expenses in 2016 increased compared to 2015 principally due to increased funding to support the company's emerging mid- and late-stage pipeline assets. these increases were partially offset by the following factors: (i) 2015 r&d expenses included a $350 million charge related to the purchase of a priority review voucher from a third party; (ii) development milestones decreased in 2016 to $80 million compared to $133 million in 2015; and (iii) 2015 results included restructuring charges of $32 million. acquisition costs decreased in 2016 to $140 million compared to $152 million in 2015. in addition to the 2015 factors discussed above, r&d expense in 2014 included regulatory milestone payments of $40 million made to a collaboration partner for regulatory milestones related to the company's hcv program.
acquired ipr&d expense in 2016 included charges of $200 million as a result of entering into various collaboration agreements. r&d expense in 2015 included a charge of $100 million as a result of entering into an exclusive worldwide license agreement with c2n to develop and commercialize anti-tau antibodies for the treatment of alzheimer's disease and other neurological disorders. acquired ipr&d expense in 2014 included a charge of $275 million as a result of entering into a global collaboration with infinity to develop and commercialize duvelisib, a treatment for patients with cancer. see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the c2n and infinity agreements.
other operating expenses other operating expenses in 2014 included a $750 million charge related to an r&d collaboration agreement entered into in september 2014 with calico to discover, develop and commercialize new therapies for patients with age-related diseases.
other non-operating expenses years ended december 31, net foreign exchange loss              $303                $193                $678
interest expense in 2016 increased due to the may 2015 issuance of $16.7 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes, which were issued primarily to finance the acquisition of pharmacyclics and the may 2016 issuance of $7.8 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes, which were issued primarily to finance the acquisition of stemcentrx and to repay an outstanding term loan. additionally, interest expense in 2016 included a debt extinguishment charge of $39 million related to the 1.75% senior notes redemption. these increases were partially offset by the absence of bridge financing-related costs of $86 million in 2015 incurred in connection with the acquisition of pharmacyclics. interest income in 2016 increased due to growth in the company's investment securities. interest expense, net in 2015 increased due to the may 2015 issuance of $16.7 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes. interest expense, net in 2014 included $141 million of financing related fees incurred in connection with the terminated proposed combination with shire.
net foreign exchange loss in 2016 included losses totaling $298 million related to the devaluation of abbvie's net monetary assets denominated in the venezuelan bolivar. see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the venezuelan devaluation. net foreign exchange loss in 2015 included losses of $170 million to complete the liquidation of the company's remaining foreign currency positions related to the terminated proposed combination with shire. in 2014, abbvie entered into certain undesignated forward contracts to hedge the then anticipated foreign currency cash outflows associated with the then proposed combination with shire. net foreign exchange loss in 2014 included losses of $666 million associated with the shire-related forward contracts.
other expense, net in 2016 included a charge of $228 million related to the change in fair value of the bi and stemcentrx contingent consideration liabilities. the fair value of contingent consideration liabilities is impacted by the passage of time and multiple other inputs, including the probability of success of achieving regulatory/commercial milestones, discount rates and other market-based factors. in 2016, the change in fair value represented mainly the passage of time, as increases to the bi contingent consideration liability due to higher probabilities of success were fully offset by the effects of rising interest rates and changes in other market-based assumptions. see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the acquisitions of stemcentrx and bi compounds. other expense, net for 2015 included impairment charges totaling $36 million related to certain of the company's equity investment securities. other expense, net in 2014 primarily consisted of income of $34 million from the resolution of a contractual agreement.
income tax expense the effective income tax rate was 24% in 2016, 23% in 2015 and 25% in 2014. the effective tax rate in each period differed from the statutory tax rate principally due to the benefit from foreign operations which reflects the impact of lower income tax rates in locations outside the united states, tax exemptions and incentives in puerto rico and other foreign tax jurisdictions, business development activities and the cost of repatriation decisions. the increase in the effective tax rate for 2016 over the prior year was principally due to changes in the jurisdictional mix of earnings, as well as certain discrete factors and events, including acquisitions and collaborations. the effective tax rate in 2016 included additional expense of $187 million related to the recognition of the tax effect of regulations issued by the internal revenue service on december 7, 2016 that changed the determination of the u.s. taxability of foreign currency gains and losses related to certain foreign operations. the effective income tax rate in 2015 included a tax benefit of $103 million from a reduction of state valuation allowances. the effective income tax rate in 2014 included state valuation allowances of $129 million and additional expenses of $129 million related to the branded prescription drug fee, which is non-deductible.
37 | 2016 form 10-k financial position, liquidity and capital resources years ended december 31 (in millions)            2016   2015                2014
operating activities                       $7,041              $7,535              $3,549
cash flows provided by operations in 2016 was $7.0 billion compared to $7.5 billion in 2015. operating cash flows in 2016 reflected improved results of operations resulting from revenue growth and an improvement in operating margin, offset by income tax payments. cash provided by operating activities also reflected abbvie's voluntary contributions, primarily to its domestic defined benefit plans of $150 million in 2016, $150 million in 2015 and $370 million in 2014. abbvie also made a voluntary contribution of $150 million to this plan subsequent to december 31, 2016. abbvie paid $350 million to purchase a priority review voucher from a third party in 2015. cash flows provided by operations in 2015 was $7.5 billion compared to $3.5 billion in 2014. the increase was primarily due to improved results of operations due to revenue growth and an improvement in operating margin as well as the absence of after-tax transaction and financing-related and other costs of $1.8 billion incurred in connection with the termination of the proposed combination with shire, including net foreign exchange losses related to the settlement of undesignated forward contracts used to hedge anticipated foreign currency cash flows and the exit of certain foreign currency positions. realized excess tax benefits associated with stock-based compensation totaled $55 million in 2016, $61 million in 2015 and $56 million in 2014 and were presented in the consolidated statements of cash flows as an outflow within the operating section and an inflow within the financing section.
investing cash flows in 2016 primarily included $1.9 billion cash consideration paid to acquire stemcentrx in june 2016, $595 million upfront payment to acquire certain rights from bi in april 2016 and net purchases of investment securities totaling $3.0 billion. investing activities in 2015 primarily included the $11.5 billion cash consideration paid to acquire pharmacyclics in may 2015 (net of cash acquired of $877 million). investing activities in 2015 also included cash outflows related to other acquisitions and investments of $964 million, including a $500 million payment to calico, $100 million related to an exclusive worldwide license agreement with c2n to develop and commercialize anti-tau antibodies for the treatment of alzheimer's disease and other neurological disorders and $130 million paid to infinity due to the achievement of a development milestone under the collaboration agreement. investing activities in 2014 included cash outflows related to other acquisitions and investments totaling $622 million, including $275 million paid to infinity and $250 million paid to calico. cash flows from investing activities in 2016, 2015 and 2014 also reflected capital expenditures. abbvie incurred additional expenditures in 2014 to purchase a manufacturing facility and in 2015 to build a new biologics facility on that site.
in 2016 and 2015, the company issued and redeemed commercial paper. the balance of commercial paper outstanding was $377 million as of december 31, 2016 and $400 million as of december 31, 2015. abbvie may issue additional commercial paper or retire commercial paper to meet liquidity requirements as needed. in november 2016, the company issued €3.6 billion aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior euro notes. the company used the proceeds to redeem $4.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 1.75% senior notes due to mature in november 2017. in connection with the offering, abbvie incurred $17 million of issuance costs. in may 2016, the company issued $7.8 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes. approximately $2.0 billion of the net proceeds were used to repay an outstanding term loan that was due to mature in november 2016, approximately $1.9 billion of the net proceeds were used to finance the acquisition of stemcentrx and approximately $3.8 billion of the net proceeds were used to finance an asr. see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the asr transactions. in connection with the may 2016 issuance of senior notes, abbvie incurred $52 million of issuance costs.
in may 2015, the company issued $16.7 billion aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes. approximately $11.5 billion of the net proceeds were used to finance the acquisition of pharmacyclics and $5.0 billion of the net proceeds were used to finance an asr. in 2015 the company paid $86 million of costs relating to an $18.0 billion, 364-day bridge term loan credit agreement (the bridge loan) as well as $93 million of costs relating to the may 2015 issuance of senior notes. no amounts were drawn under the bridge loan, which was terminated as a result of the issuance of the senior notes. in september 2015, abbvie entered into a three-year $2.0 billion term loan credit facility and a 364-day $2.0 billion term loan credit facility. in november 2015, abbvie drew on these term facilities and used the proceeds to refinance its $4.0 billion of senior notes that matured in 2015.
cash dividend payments totaled $3.7 billion in 2016 and $3.3 billion in 2015. the increase in cash dividend payments was primarily due to an increase in the dividend rate. on october 28, 2016, abbvie announced that its board of directors declared an increase in the company's quarterly cash dividend from $0.57 per share to $0.64 per share beginning with the dividend payable on february 15, 2017 to stockholders of record as of january 13, 2017. this reflects an increase of approximately 12% over the previous quarterly rate. the timing, declaration, amount of and payment of any dividends is within the discretion of its board of directors and will depend upon many factors, including abbvie's financial condition, earnings, capital requirements of its operating subsidiaries, covenants associated with certain of abbvie's debt service obligations, legal requirements, regulatory constraints, industry practice, ability to access capital markets and other factors deemed relevant by its board of directors.
in addition to the asrs, the company repurchased approximately 34 million shares for $2.1 billion in the open market in 2016 and approximately 46 million shares for $2.8 billion in the open market in 2015. purchases of abbvie shares under this program may be made from time to time at management's discretion. the program has no time limit and can be discontinued at any time. abbvie's remaining stock repurchase authorization was $36 million as of december 31, 2016. see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to the asr. on february 16, 2017, abbvie's board of directors authorized a $5.0 billion increase to abbvie's existing stock repurchase program. the stock repurchase authorization permits shares to be repurchased in open market or private transactions, has no time limit and may be discontinued at any time.
cash and equivalents were also negatively impacted by net unfavorable exchange rate changes totaling $338 million in 2016 and $300 million in 2015. the unfavorable exchange rate changes in 2016 were primarily due to the devaluation of abbvie's net monetary assets denominated in the venezuelan bolivar. the unfavorable exchange rate changes in 2015 were principally due to the weakening of the euro and other foreign currencies on the translation of the company's euro-denominated assets and cash denominated in foreign currencies. while a significant portion of cash and equivalents at december 31, 2016 are considered reinvested indefinitely in foreign subsidiaries, abbvie does not expect such reinvestment to affect its liquidity and capital resources. if these funds were needed for operations in the united states, abbvie would be required to accrue and pay u.s. income taxes to repatriate these funds. abbvie believes that it has sufficient sources of liquidity to support its assumption that the disclosed amount of undistributed earnings at december 31, 2016 has been reinvested indefinitely.
credit risk abbvie monitors economic conditions, the creditworthiness of customers and government regulations and funding, both domestically and abroad. abbvie regularly communicates with its customers regarding the status of receivable balances, including their payment plans and obtains positive confirmation of the validity of the receivables. abbvie establishes an allowance against accounts receivable when it is probable they will not be collected. abbvie also monitors the potential for and periodically has utilized factoring arrangements to mitigate credit risk although the receivables included in such arrangements have historically not been a significant amount of total outstanding receivables.
abbvie continues to do business with foreign governments in certain countries, including greece, portugal, italy and spain, that have historically experienced challenges in credit and economic conditions. substantially all of abbvie's trade receivables in greece, portugal, italy and spain are with government health systems. outstanding net governmental receivables in these countries totaled $244 million as of december 31, 2016 and $525 million at december 31, 2015. the company also continues to do business with foreign governments in certain oil-exporting countries, which have recently experienced a deterioration in economic conditions, including saudi arabia and russia. outstanding net governmental receivables were $122 million related to saudi arabia and $110 million related to russia as of december 31, 2016. due to oil market conditions in recent years, liquidity issues in certain countries may result in delays in the collection of receivables. global economic conditions and customer-specific factors may require the company to periodically re-evaluate the collectability of its receivables and the company could potentially incur credit losses.
currently, abbvie does not believe the economic conditions in oil-exporting countries will have a significant impact on the company's liquidity, cash flow or financial flexibility. however, if government funding were to become unavailable in these countries or if significant adverse changes in their reimbursement practices were to occur, abbvie may not be able to collect the entire balance outstanding as of december 31, 2016.
39 | 2016 form 10-k credit facility, access to capital and credit ratings credit facility abbvie currently has a $3.0 billion five-year revolving credit facility, which matures in october 2019. the revolving credit facility enables the company to borrow funds on an unsecured basis at variable interest rates and contains various covenants. at december 31, 2016, the company was in compliance with all its credit facility covenants. commitment fees under the credit facility were insignificant. there were no amounts outstanding under the credit facility as of december 31, 2016 and 2015.
access to capital the company intends to fund short-term and long-term financial obligations as they mature through cash on hand, future cash flows from operations, or by issuing additional debt. the company's ability to generate cash flows from operations, issue debt, or enter into financing arrangements on acceptable terms could be adversely affected if there is a material decline in the demand for the company's products or in the solvency of its customers or suppliers, deterioration in the company's key financial ratios or credit ratings, or other material unfavorable changes in business conditions. at the current time, the company believes it has sufficient financial flexibility to issue debt, enter into other financing arrangements and attract long-term capital on acceptable terms to support the company's growth objectives.
credit ratings on april 28, 2016, following the announcement of the proposed acquisition of stemcentrx, s&p global ratings (s&p) lowered abbvie's corporate credit rating and senior unsecured debt rating to "a-" from "a". abbvie's "a-1" short-term rating remained unchanged. s&p revised its ratings outlook to "stable" from "negative". on june 1, 2016, moody's investor service downgraded abbvie's senior unsecured long-term rating to baa2 from baa1 and affirmed abbvie's prime-2 short-term rating. there were no additional changes in the company's credit ratings in 2016.
unfavorable changes to the ratings may have an adverse impact on future financing arrangements; however, they would not affect the company's ability to draw on its credit facility and would not result in an acceleration of scheduled maturities of any of the company's outstanding debt.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes abbvie's estimated contractual obligations as of december 31, 2016:
long-term debt and capital lease obligations, including current portion      37,077                        25                          7,503                          5,562                         23,987
future minimum non-cancelable operating lease commitments                       974                       131                            222                            172                            449
(a)   includes estimated future interest payments on long-term debt securities and capital lease obligations. interest payments on debt are calculated for future periods using forecasted interest rates in effect at the end of 2016. projected interest payments include the related effects of interest rate swap agreements. certain of these projected interest payments may differ in the future based on changes in floating interest rates or other factors or events. the projected interest payments only pertain to obligations and agreements outstanding at december 31, 2016. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the company's debt instruments and note 10 for additional information on the interest rate agreements outstanding at december 31, 2016.
(b)   includes the company's significant unconditional purchase obligations. these commitments do not exceed the company's projected requirements and are made in the normal course of business.
(c)   amounts less than one year includes a voluntary contribution of $150 million abbvie made to its main domestic defined benefit plan subsequent to december 31, 2016. amounts otherwise exclude pension and other post-employment benefits and related deferred compensation cash outflows. timing of funding is uncertain and dependent on future movements in interest rates and investment returns, changes in laws and regulations and other variables. also included in this amount are components of other long-term liabilities including restructuring. see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on restructuring and note 11 for additional information on the pension plan.
(d)   excludes liabilities associated with the company's unrecognized tax benefits as it is not possible to reliably estimate the timing of the future cash outflows related to these liabilities. see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on these unrecognized tax benefits.
(e)   includes $4.2 billion of contingent consideration liabilities related to the acquisitions of stemcentrx and bi compounds which are recorded at fair value on the consolidated balance sheet. potential contingent consideration payments that exceed the fair value recorded on the consolidated balance sheet are not included in the table of contractual obligations. see notes 5 and 10 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding these liabilities.
abbvie enters into r&d collaboration arrangements with third parties that may require future milestone payments to third parties contingent upon the achievement of certain development, regulatory, or commercial milestones. individually, these arrangements are insignificant in any one annual reporting period. however, if milestones for multiple products covered by these arrangements would happen to be reached in the same reporting period, the aggregate charge to expense could be material to the results of operations in that period. from a business perspective, the payments are viewed as positive because they signify that the product is successfully moving through development and is now generating or is more likely to generate cash flows from product sales. it is not possible to predict with reasonable certainty whether these milestones will be achieved or the timing for achievement. as a result, these potential payments are not included in the table of contractual obligations. see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on these collaboration arrangements.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states requires the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses. a summary of the company's significant accounting policies is included in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements. certain of these policies are considered critical as these most significantly impact the company's financial condition and results of operations and require the most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. actual results may vary from these estimates.
revenue recognition abbvie recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the sales price is fixed or determinable and collectability of the sales price is reasonably assured. revenue from product sales is recognized when title and risk of loss have passed to the customer.
rebates abbvie provides rebates to pharmacy benefit managers, state government medicaid programs, insurance companies that administer medicare drug plans, wholesalers, group purchasing organizations and other government agencies and private entities.
rebate and chargeback accruals are recorded as a reduction to revenue in the period the related product is sold. rebates and chargebacks totaled $10.8 billion in 2016, $8.6 billion in 2015 and $5.9 billion in 2014. rebate amounts are typically based upon the volume of purchases using contractual or statutory prices, which may vary by product and by payer. for each type of rebate, the factors used in the calculations of the accrual for that rebate include the identification of the products subject to the rebate, the applicable price terms and the estimated lag time between sale and payment of the rebate, which can be significant.
in order to establish its rebate and chargeback accruals, the company uses both internal and external data to estimate the level of inventory in the distribution channel and the rebate claims processing lag time for each type of rebate. to estimate the rebate percentage or net price, the company tracks sales by product and by customer or payer. the company evaluates inventory data reported by wholesalers, available prescription volume information, product pricing, historical experience and other factors in order to determine the adequacy of its reserves. abbvie regularly monitors its reserves and
41 | 2016 form 10-k records adjustments when rebate trends, rebate programs and contract terms, legislative changes, or other significant events indicate that a change in the reserve is appropriate. historically, adjustments to rebate accruals have not been material to net earnings.
the following table is an analysis of the three largest rebate accruals and chargeback allowances, which comprise approximately 90% of the total consolidated rebate and chargebacks recorded as reductions to revenues in 2016. remaining rebate provisions charged against gross revenues are not significant in the determination of operating earnings.
cash discounts and product returns allowances for cash discounts and product returns, which totaled $964 million in 2016, $898 million in 2015 and $610 million in 2014, are recorded as a reduction to revenue in the same period the related product is sold. the reserve for cash discounts is readily determinable because the company's experience of payment history is fairly consistent. product returns can be reliably estimated based on the company's historical return experience.
pension and other post-employment benefits abbvie engages outside actuaries to assist in the determination of the obligations and costs under the plans that are direct obligations of abbvie. the valuation of the funded status and the net periodic benefit cost for these plans are calculated using actuarial assumptions. the significant assumptions, which are reviewed annually, include the discount rate, the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets and the health care cost trend rates. the significant assumptions used in determining these calculations are disclosed in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements.
the discount rate is selected based on current market rates on high-quality, fixed-income investments at december 31 each year. abbvie employs a yield-curve approach for countries where a robust bond market exists. the yield curve is developed using high-quality bonds. the yield curve approach reflects the plans' specific cash flows (i.e. duration) in calculating the benefit obligations by applying the corresponding individual spot rates along the yield curve. beginning in 2016, abbvie also reflected the plans' specific cash flows and applied them to the corresponding individual spot rates along the yield curve in calculating the service cost and interest cost portions of expense. for other countries, abbvie reviews various indices such as corporate bond and government bond benchmarks to estimate the discount rate. abbvie's assumed discount rates have a significant effect on the amounts reported for defined benefit pension and other post-employment plans as of december 31, 2016. a 50 basis point change in the assumed discount rate would have had the following effects on abbvie's calculation of net periodic benefit costs in 2017 and projected benefit obligations as of december 31, 2016:
(in millions) (brackets denote a reduction)   increase                decrease defined benefit plans service and interest cost                     $(50      )             $54
projected benefit obligation                  (452      )             511
other post-employment plans service and interest cost                     $(6       )              $7
projected benefit obligation                  (51       )              58
effective december 31, 2015, abbvie elected to change the method it uses to estimate the service and interest cost components of net periodic benefit costs. historically, abbvie estimated these service and interest cost components of this expense utilizing a single weighted-average discount rate derived from the yield curve used to measure the benefit obligation at the beginning of the period. in late 2015, abbvie elected to utilize a full yield curve approach in the estimation of these components by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve used in the determination of the benefit obligation to the relevant projected cash flows. abbvie elected to make this change to provide a more precise measurement of service and interest costs by improving the correlation between projected benefit cash flows to the corresponding spot yield curve rates. abbvie has accounted for this change prospectively as a change in accounting estimate that is inseparable from a change in accounting principle. this change reduced abbvie's net periodic benefit cost by approximately $41 million in 2016. this change had no effect on the 2015 expense and will not affect the measurement of abbvie's total benefit obligations.
the expected long-term rate of return is based on the asset allocation, historical performance and the current view of expected future returns. abbvie considers these inputs with a long-term focus to avoid short-term market influences. the current long-term rate of return on plan assets is supported by the historical performance of the trust's actual and target asset allocation. abbvie's assumed expected long-term rate of return has a significant effect on the amounts reported for defined benefit pension plans as of december 31, 2016 and will be used in the calculation of net periodic benefit cost in 2017. a one percentage point change in assumed expected long-term rate of return on plan assets would increase or decrease the net period benefit cost of these plans in 2017 by $49 million.
the health care cost trend rate is selected by reviewing historical trends and current views on projected future health care cost increases. the current health care cost trend rate is supported by the historical trend experience of the plan. assumed health care cost trend rates have a significant effect on the amounts reported for health care plans as of december 31, 2016 and will be used in the calculation of net periodic benefit cost in 2017. a one percentage point change in assumed health care cost trend rates would have the following effects on abbvie's calculation of net periodic benefit costs in 2017 and the projected benefit obligation as of december 31, 2016:
(in millions) (brackets denote a reduction)   increase            decrease service and interest cost                     $21                 $(17      )
projected benefit obligation                  120                 (95       )
income taxes abbvie accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method. provisions for federal, state and foreign income taxes are calculated on reported pretax earnings based on current tax laws. deferred taxes are provided using enacted tax rates on the future tax consequences of temporary differences, which are the differences between the financial statement
43 | 2016 form 10-k carrying amount of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and the tax benefits of carryforwards. a valuation allowance is established or maintained when, based on currently available information, it is more likely than not that all or a portion of a deferred tax asset will not be realized.
litigation the company is subject to contingencies, such as various claims, legal proceedings and investigations regarding product liability, intellectual property, commercial, securities and other matters that arise in the normal course of business. see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. loss contingency provisions are recorded for probable losses at management's best estimate of a loss, or when a best estimate cannot be made, a minimum loss contingency amount within a probable range is recorded. accordingly, abbvie is often initially unable to develop a best estimate of loss and therefore, the minimum amount, which could be zero, is recorded. as information becomes known, either the minimum loss amount is increased, resulting in additional loss provisions, or a best estimate can be made, also resulting in additional loss provisions. occasionally, a best estimate amount is changed to a lower amount when events result in an expectation of a more favorable outcome than previously expected.
valuation of goodwill and intangible assets abbvie has acquired and may continue to acquire significant intangible assets in connection with business combinations that abbvie records at fair value. transactions involving the purchase or sale of intangible assets occur with some frequency between companies in the pharmaceuticals industry and valuations are usually based on a discounted cash flow analysis incorporating the stage of completion. the discounted cash flow model requires assumptions about the timing and amount of future net cash flows, risk, cost of capital, terminal values and market participants. each of these factors can significantly affect the value of the intangible asset. ipr&d acquired in a business combination is capitalized as an indefinite-lived intangible asset until regulatory approval is obtained, at which time it is accounted for as a definite-lived asset and amortized over its estimated useful life, or discontinuation, at which point the intangible asset will be written off. ipr&d acquired in transactions that are not business combinations is expensed immediately, unless deemed to have an alternative future use. payments made to third parties subsequent to regulatory approval are capitalized and amortized over the remaining useful life.
abbvie reviews the recoverability of definite-lived intangible assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, which relate to ipr&d, are reviewed for impairment annually or when an event occurs that could result in an impairment. see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
annually, the company tests its goodwill for impairment by first assessing qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value is less than its carrying amount. some of the factors considered in the assessment include general macro-economic conditions, conditions specific to the industry and market, cost factors, which could have a significant effect on earnings or cash flows, the overall financial performance and whether there have been sustained declines in the company's share price. if the company concludes it is more likely than not that the fair value of reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, a quantitative impairment test is performed. abbvie tests indefinite-lived intangible assets using a quantitative impairment test.
for its quantitative impairment tests, the company uses an estimated future cash flow approach that requires significant judgment with respect to future volume, revenue and expense growth rates, changes in working capital use, foreign currency exchange rates, the selection of an appropriate discount rate, asset groupings and other assumptions and estimates. the estimates and assumptions used are consistent with the company's business plans and a market participant's views of a company and similar companies. the use of alternative estimates and assumptions could increase or decrease the estimated fair value of the assets and potentially result in different impacts to the company's results of operations. actual results may differ from the company's estimates.
contingent consideration the fair value measurements of contingent consideration liabilities are determined as of the acquisition date based on significant unobservable inputs, including the discount rate, estimated probabilities and timing of achieving specified development, regulatory and commercial milestones and the estimated amount of future sales of the acquired products still in development. changes to the fair value of the contingent consideration liabilities can result from changes to one or a number of inputs, including discount rates, the probabilities of achieving the milestones, the time required to achieve the milestones and estimated future sales. contingent consideration liabilities are revalued to fair value at each subsequent reporting date until the related contingency is resolved. significant judgment is employed in determining the appropriateness of these inputs. changes to the inputs described above could have a material impact on the company's financial position and results of operations in any given period. at december 31, 2016, a 50 basis point increase/decrease in the assumed discount rate would have decreased/increased the value of the contingent consideration liabilities by approximately $180 million. additionally, at december 31, 2016, a five percentage point increase/decrease in the assumed probability of success across all potential indications would have increased/decreased the value of the contingent consideration liabilities by approximately $360 million.
recent accounting pronouncements see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on recent accounting pronouncements.