under certain circumstances, a u.s. person who owns 10 percent or more of the voting power of a foreign corporation that is a "controlled foreign corporation" (cfc) (a foreign corporation in which 10 percent u.s. shareholders own more than 50 percent of the voting power or value of the stock of a foreign corporation or more than 25 percent of certain foreign insurance corporations) for an uninterrupted period of 30 days or more during a taxable year must include in gross income for u.s. federal income tax purposes such "10 percent u.s. shareholder's" pro rata share of the cfc's "subpart f income". we believe that because of the dispersion of our share ownership, provisions in our organizational documents that limit voting power, and other factors, no u.s. person who acquires shares of chubb limited directly or indirectly through one or more foreign entities should be required to include any subpart f income in income under the cfc rules of u.s. tax law. it is possible, however, that the irs could challenge the effectiveness of these provisions and that a court could sustain such a challenge, in which case a u.s. person's investment in 10 percent or more of chubb limited's stock could be adversely affected.
effective the first quarter of 2016, reflecting our significantly larger and expanded operations, subsequent to the chubb corp acquisition, we implemented organizational changes that resulted in new business segments. we operate through six business segments: north america commercial p&c insurance, north america personal p&c insurance, north america agricultural insurance, overseas general insurance, global reinsurance, and life insurance. we have also redefined corporate to include all run-off asbestos and environmental (a&e) exposures, the results of run-off brandywine business, the results of westchester specialty operations for 1996 and prior years and certain other run-off exposures. prior period amounts contained in this report have been adjusted to conform to the new segment presentation.