item 1a. risk factors.
the risks and uncertainties described below could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. you should read these risk factors in conjunction with "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in item 7 and our consolidated financial statements and related notes in item 8. there also may be other factors that we cannot anticipate or that are not described in this report generally because we do not currently perceive them to be material. those factors could cause results to differ materially from our expectations.
strong competition could adversely affect prices and demand for our products and services and could decrease our market share.
we operate in markets that are highly competitive. we compete principally based on customer experience, price, store location and appearance, and quality, availability, assortment and presentation of merchandise. in each market we serve, there are a number of other home improvement stores, electrical, plumbing and building materials supply houses and lumber yards. with respect to some products and services, we also compete with specialty design stores, showrooms, discount stores, local, regional and national hardware stores, paint stores, mail order firms, warehouse clubs, independent building supply stores, mro companies and other retailers, as well as with providers of home improvement services. in addition, we face growing competition from online and multichannel retailers, some of whom may have a lower cost structure than ours, as our customers now routinely use computers, tablets, smartphones and other mobile devices to shop online and compare prices and products in real time. we use our marketing, advertising and promotional programs to drive customer traffic and compete more effectively, and we must regularly assess and adjust our efforts to address changes in the competitive landscape. intense competitive pressures from one or more of our competitors, such as through aggressive promotional pricing or liquidation events, or our inability to adapt effectively and quickly to a changing competitive landscape could affect our prices, our margins or demand for our products and services. if we are unable to timely and appropriately respond to these competitive pressures, including through the delivery of a superior customer experience or maintenance of effective marketing, advertising or promotional programs, our market share and our financial performance could be adversely affected.
we may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer needs, expectations or trends, which could adversely affect our relationship with customers, our reputation, the demand for our products and services, and our market share.
the success of our business depends in part on our ability to identify and respond promptly to evolving trends in demographics; consumer preferences, expectations and needs; and unexpected weather conditions, while also managing appropriate inventory levels and maintaining an excellent customer experience. it is difficult to successfully predict the products and services our customers will demand. as we continue to see increasing strength in the housing and home improvement market, resulting changes in demand will put further pressure on our ability to meet customer needs and expectations and maintain high service levels. in addition, each of our primary customer groups - diy, difm and pro - have different needs and expectations, many of which evolve as the demographics in a particular customer group change. we also need to offer more localized assortments of our merchandise to appeal to local cultural and demographic tastes within each customer group. if we do not successfully differentiate the shopping experience to meet the individual needs and expectations of - or within - a customer group, we may lose market share with respect to those customers.
customer expectations about the methods by which they purchase and receive products or services are also becoming more demanding. customers now routinely use technology and mobile devices to rapidly compare products and prices, determine real-time product availability and purchase products. once products are purchased, customers are seeking alternate options for delivery of those products, and they often expect quick and low-cost delivery. we must continually anticipate and adapt to these changes in the purchasing process. we have implemented programs like boss, bopis, bodfs and direct fulfillment, but we cannot guarantee that these programs or others we may implement will be implemented successfully or will meet customers' needs and expectations. customers are also using social media to provide feedback and information about our company and products and services in a manner that can be quickly and broadly disseminated. to the extent a customer has a negative experience and shares it over social media, it may impact our brand and reputation.
further, we have an aging store base that requires maintenance and space reallocation initiatives to deliver the shopping experience that our customers desire. we must also maintain a safe store environment for our customers and associates. failure to maintain our stores and utilize our store space effectively; to provide a compelling online presence; to timely identify or respond to changing consumer preferences, expectations and home improvement needs; to provide quick and low-cost delivery alternatives; to differentiate the customer experience for our three primary customer groups; and to effectively implement an increasingly localized merchandising assortment could adversely affect our relationship with customers, our reputation, the demand for our products and services, and our market share.
our success depends upon our ability to attract, develop and retain highly qualified associates while also controlling our labor costs.
our customers expect a high level of customer service and product knowledge from our associates. to meet the needs and expectations of our customers, we must attract, develop and retain a large number of highly qualified associates while at the same time controlling labor costs. our ability to control labor costs is subject to numerous external factors, including prevailing wage rates and health and other insurance costs, as well as the impact of legislation or regulations governing labor relations, minimum wage, or healthcare benefits. an inability to provide wages and/or benefits that are competitive within the markets in which we operate could adversely affect our ability to retain and attract employees. in addition, we compete with other retail businesses for many of our associates in hourly positions, and we invest significant resources in training and motivating them to maintain a high level of job satisfaction. these positions have historically had high turnover rates, which can lead to increased training and retention costs, particularly as the economy continues to improve and the labor market tightens. there is no assurance that we will be able to attract or retain highly qualified associates in the future.
a failure of a key information technology system or process could adversely affect our business.
we rely extensively on information technology systems, some of which are managed or provided by third-party service providers, to analyze, process, store, manage and protect transactions and data. in managing our business, we also rely heavily on the integrity of, security of and consistent access to this data for information such as sales, merchandise ordering, inventory replenishment and order fulfillment. for these information technology systems and processes to operate effectively, we or our service providers must periodically maintain and update them. our systems and the third-party systems on which we rely are subject to damage or interruption from a number of causes, including power outages; computer and telecommunications failures; computer viruses; security breaches; cyber-attacks, including the use of ransomware;
catastrophic events such as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, or hurricanes; acts of war or terrorism; and design or usage errors by our associates, contractors or third-party service providers. although we and our third-party service providers seek to maintain our respective systems effectively and to successfully address the risk of compromise of the integrity, security and consistent operations of these systems, such efforts may not be successful. as a result, we or our service providers could experience errors, interruptions, delays or cessations of service in key portions of our information technology infrastructure, which could significantly disrupt our operations and be costly, time consuming and resource-intensive to remedy.
disruptions in our customer-facing technology systems could impair our interconnected retail strategy and give rise to negative customer experiences.
through our information technology developments, we are able to provide an improved overall shopping and interconnected retail experience that empowers our customers to shop and interact with us from computers, tablets, smartphones and other mobile devices. we use our websites and our mobile app both as sales channels for our products and also as methods of providing product, project and other relevant information to our customers to drive both in-store and online sales. we have multiple online communities and knowledge centers that allow us to inform, assist and interact with our customers. multichannel retailing is continually evolving and expanding, and we must effectively respond to changing customer preferences and new developments. we also continually seek to enhance all of our online properties to provide an attractive user-friendly interface for our customers, as evidenced by our recent redesign of our homedepot.com website. disruptions, failures or other performance issues with these customer-facing technology systems could impair the benefits that they provide to our online and in-store business and negatively affect our relationship with our customers.
if our efforts to maintain the privacy and security of customer, associate, supplier and company information are not successful, we could incur substantial additional costs and reputational damage, and could become subject to further litigation and enforcement actions.
our business, like that of most retailers, involves the receipt, storage and transmission of customers' personal information, preferences and payment card information, as well as other confidential information, such as personal information about our associates and our suppliers and confidential company information. we also work with third-party service providers and vendors that provide technology, systems and services that we use in connection with the receipt, storage and transmission of this information. our information systems, and those of our third-party service providers and vendors, are vulnerable to an increasing threat of continually evolving data protection and cybersecurity risks. unauthorized parties may attempt to gain access to these systems or our information through fraud or other means of deceiving our associates, third-party service providers or vendors. hardware, software or applications we develop or obtain from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise information security. the methods used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems are also constantly changing and evolving and may be difficult to anticipate or detect for long periods of time. we have implemented and regularly review and update processes and procedures to protect against unauthorized access to or use of data and to prevent data loss. however, the ever-evolving threats mean we and our third-party service providers and vendors must continually evaluate and adapt our respective systems and processes and overall security environment, and there is no guarantee that they will be adequate to safeguard against all data security breaches, system compromises or misuses of data. any future significant compromise or breach of our data security, whether external or internal, or misuse of customer, associate, supplier or company data, could result in significant costs, lost sales, fines, lawsuits, and damage to our reputation. in addition, as the regulatory environment related to information security, data collection and use, and privacy becomes increasingly rigorous, with new and constantly changing requirements applicable to our business, compliance with those requirements could also result in significant costs.
we are subject to payment-related risks that could increase our operating costs, expose us to fraud or theft, subject us to potential liability and potentially disrupt our business.
we accept payments using a variety of methods, including cash, checks, credit and debit cards, paypal, our private label credit cards, an installment loan program, trade credit, and gift cards, and we may offer new payment options over time. acceptance of these payment options subjects us to rules, regulations, contractual obligations and compliance requirements, including payment network rules and operating guidelines, data security standards and certification requirements, and rules governing electronic funds transfers. these requirements may change over time or be reinterpreted, making compliance more difficult or costly. for certain payment methods, including credit and debit cards, we pay interchange and other fees, which may increase over time and raise our operating costs. we rely on third parties to provide payment processing services, including the processing of credit cards, debit cards, and other forms of electronic payment. if these companies become unable to provide these services to us, or if their systems are compromised, it could potentially disrupt our business. the payment methods that we offer also subject us to potential fraud and theft by criminals, who are becoming increasingly more sophisticated, seeking to obtain unauthorized access to or exploit weaknesses that may exist in the payment systems. if we fail to comply with applicable rules or requirements for the payment methods we accept, or if payment-related data is compromised due to a breach or misuse of data, we may be liable for costs incurred by payment card issuing banks and other third parties or subject to fines and higher transaction fees, or our ability to accept or facilitate certain types of payments may be impaired. in addition, our customers could lose confidence in certain payment types, which may result in a shift to other payment types or potential changes to our payment systems that may result in higher costs. as a result, our business and operating results could be adversely affected.
uncertainty regarding the housing market, economic conditions, political climate and other factors beyond our control could adversely affect demand for our products and services, our costs of doing business and our financial performance.
our financial performance depends significantly on the stability of the housing, residential construction and home improvement markets, as well as general economic conditions, including changes in gross domestic product. adverse conditions in or uncertainty about these markets, the economy or the political climate could adversely impact our customers' confidence or financial condition, causing them to determine not to purchase home improvement products and services, causing them to delay purchasing decisions, or impacting their ability to pay for products and services. other factors beyond our control - including unemployment and foreclosure rates; interest rate fluctuations; fuel and other energy costs; labor and healthcare costs; the availability of financing; the state of the credit markets, including mortgages, home equity loans and consumer credit; weather; natural disasters; acts of terrorism and other conditions beyond our control - could further adversely affect demand for our products and services, our costs of doing business and our financial performance.
if we fail to identify and develop relationships with a sufficient number of qualified suppliers, or if our suppliers experience financial difficulties or other challenges, our ability to timely and efficiently access products that meet our high standards for quality could be adversely affected.
we buy our products from suppliers located throughout the world. our ability to continue to identify and develop relationships with qualified suppliers who can satisfy our high standards for quality and responsible sourcing, as well as our need to access products in a timely and efficient manner, is a significant challenge. our ability to access products from our suppliers can be adversely affected by political instability, military conflict, acts of terrorism, the financial instability of suppliers, suppliers' noncompliance with applicable laws, trade restrictions, tariffs, currency exchange rates, any disruptions in our suppliers' logistics or supply chain networks, and other factors beyond our or our suppliers' control.
the implementation of our supply chain and technology initiatives could disrupt our operations in the near term, and these initiatives might not provide the anticipated benefits or might fail.
we have made, and we plan to continue to make, significant investments in our supply chain and information technology systems. these initiatives, such as project sync and com, our new customer order management system, are designed to streamline our operations to allow our associates to continue to provide high-quality service to our customers, while simplifying customer interaction and providing our customers with a more interconnected retail experience. the cost and potential problems and interruptions associated with the implementation of these initiatives, including those associated with managing third-party service providers and employing new web-based tools and services, could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations in the near term and lead to product availability issues. failure to choose the right investments and implement them in the right manner and at the right pace could disrupt our operations. in addition, our improved supply chain and new or upgraded information technology systems might not provide the anticipated benefits, it might take longer than expected to realize the anticipated benefits, or the initiatives might fail altogether, each of which could adversely impact our competitive position and our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
disruptions in our supply chain and other factors affecting the distribution of our merchandise could adversely impact our business.
a disruption within our logistics or supply chain network could adversely affect our ability to deliver inventory in a timely manner, which could impair our ability to meet customer demand for products and result in lost sales, increased supply chain costs or damage to our reputation. such disruptions may result from damage or destruction to our distribution centers; weather-related events; natural disasters; trade policy changes or restrictions; tariffs or import-related taxes; third-party strikes, lock-outs, work stoppages or slowdowns; shipping capacity constraints; supply or shipping interruptions or costs; or other factors beyond our control. any such disruption could negatively impact our financial performance or financial condition.
if we are unable to effectively manage and expand our alliances and relationships with selected suppliers of both brand name and proprietary products, we may be unable to effectively execute our strategy to differentiate ourselves from our competitors.
as part of our focus on product differentiation, we have formed strategic alliances and exclusive relationships with selected suppliers to market products under a variety of well-recognized brand names. we have also developed relationships with selected suppliers to allow us to market proprietary products that are comparable to national brands. our proprietary products differentiate us from other retailers, generally carry higher margins than national brand products, and represent a growing portion of our business. if we are unable to manage and expand these alliances and relationships or identify alternative sources for comparable brand name and proprietary products, we may not be able to effectively execute product differentiation, which may impact our sales and gross margin results.
our proprietary products subject us to certain increased risks.
as we expand our proprietary product offerings, we may become subject to increased risks due to our greater role in the design, manufacture, marketing and sale of those products. the risks include greater responsibility to administer and comply with applicable regulatory requirements, increased potential product liability and product recall exposure and increased potential reputational risks related to the responsible sourcing of those products. to effectively execute on our product differentiation strategy, we must also be able to successfully protect our proprietary rights and successfully navigate and avoid claims related to the proprietary rights of third parties. in addition, an increase in sales of our proprietary products may adversely affect sales of our vendors' products, which in turn could adversely affect our relationships with certain of our vendors. any failure to appropriately address some or all of these risks could damage our reputation and have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
if we are unable to manage effectively our installation services business, we could suffer lost sales and be subject to fines, lawsuits and reputational damage, or the loss of our general contractor licenses.
we act as a general contractor to provide installation services to our difm customers through professional third-party installers. as such, we are subject to regulatory requirements and risks applicable to general contractors, which include management of licensing, permitting and quality of work performed by our third-party installers. we have established processes and procedures to manage these requirements and ensure customer satisfaction with the services provided by our third-party installers. however, if we fail to manage these processes effectively or to provide proper oversight of these services, we could suffer lost sales, fines and lawsuits for violations of regulatory requirements, as well as for property damage or personal injury. in addition, we may suffer damage to our reputation or the loss of our general contractor licenses, which could adversely affect our business.
we may be unsuccessful in implementing our growth strategy, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operation.
in fiscal 2015, we completed the acquisition of interline, which we believe has enhanced our ability to serve our professional customers and increased our share of the mro market. during fiscal 2016, we continued to develop and implement our strategy with interline. our goal is to serve all of our different pro customer groups through one integrated approach to drive growth and capture market share in the retail, services and mro markets, and this strategy depends, in part, on our continuing integration of interline. as with any acquisition, we need to successfully integrate interline's products, services, associates and systems into our business operations. integration can be a complex and time-consuming process, and if the integration is not fully successful or is delayed for a material period of time, we may not achieve the anticipated synergies or benefits of the acquisition. furthermore, even if interline is successfully integrated, the acquisition may fail to further our business strategy as anticipated, expose us to increased competition or challenges with respect to our products or services, and expose us to additional liabilities associated with the interline business and the wholesale market.
our costs of doing business could increase as a result of changes in, expanded enforcement of, or adoption of new federal, state or local laws and regulations.
we are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations that govern numerous aspects of our business. in recent years, a number of new laws and regulations have been adopted, and there has been expanded enforcement of certain existing laws and regulations by federal, state and local agencies. these laws and regulations, and related interpretations and enforcement activity, may change as a result of a variety of factors, including political, economic or social events. changes in, expanded enforcement of, or adoption of new federal, state or local laws and regulations governing minimum wage or living wage requirements; other wage, labor or workplace regulations; healthcare; data protection and cybersecurity; the sale of some of our products; transportation; logistics; international trade; supply chain transparency; taxes; unclaimed property;
energy costs; or environmental matters, including with respect to our installation services business, could increase our costs of doing business or impact our operations.
if we cannot successfully manage the unique challenges presented by international markets, we may not be successful in our international operations and our sales and profit margins may be impacted.
our ability to successfully conduct retail operations in, and source products and materials from, international markets is affected by many of the same risks we face in our u.s. operations, as well as unique costs and difficulties of managing international operations. our international operations, including any expansion in international markets, may be adversely affected by local laws and customs, u.s. laws applicable to foreign operations and other legal and regulatory constraints, as well as political and economic conditions. risks inherent in international operations also include, among others, potential adverse tax consequences; potential tariffs and other import-related taxes; greater difficulty in enforcing intellectual property rights; risks associated with the foreign corrupt practices act and local anti-bribery law compliance; and challenges in our ability to identify and gain access to local suppliers. in addition, our operations in international markets create risk due to foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations in those rates, which may adversely impact our sales and profit margins.
the inflation or deflation of commodity prices could affect our prices, demand for our products, our sales and our profit margins.
prices of certain commodity products, including lumber and other raw materials, are historically volatile and are subject to fluctuations arising from changes in domestic and international supply and demand, labor costs, competition, market speculation, government regulations and periodic delays in delivery. rapid and significant changes in commodity prices may affect the demand for our products, our sales and our profit margins.
changes in accounting standards and subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by management related to complex accounting matters could significantly affect our financial results or financial condition.
generally accepted accounting principles and related accounting pronouncements, implementation guidelines and interpretations with regard to a wide range of matters that are relevant to our business, such as revenue recognition, asset impairment, impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets, inventories, lease obligations, self-insurance, tax matters and litigation, are highly complex and involve many subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments. changes in these rules or their interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions, estimates or judgments could significantly change our reported or expected financial performance or financial condition.
we have incurred losses related to the data breach we discovered in the third quarter of fiscal 2014 (the "data breach"); we may incur additional losses or experience future operational impacts on our business, which could have an adverse impact on our operations, financial results and reputation.
the data breach involved the theft of certain payment card information and customer email addresses through unauthorized access to our systems. since the data breach occurred, we have recorded $198 million of pretax expenses, net of expected insurance recoveries, in connection with the data breach, as described in more detail in note 13 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data". we are still facing a consolidated shareholder derivative action brought by two purported shareholders and an investigation by a number of state attorneys general. these matters may adversely affect how we operate our business, divert the attention of management from the operation of the business, have an adverse effect on our reputation, and result in additional costs and fines.
we are involved in a number of legal and regulatory proceedings, and while we cannot predict the outcomes of those proceedings and other contingencies with certainty, some of these outcomes may adversely affect our operations or increase our costs.
in addition to the matters discussed above with respect to the data breach, we are involved in a number of legal proceedings and regulatory matters, including government inquiries and investigations, and consumer, employment, tort and other litigation that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of business. litigation is inherently unpredictable, and the outcome of some of these proceedings and other contingencies could require us to take or refrain from taking actions which could adversely affect our operations or could result in excessive adverse verdicts. additionally, involvement in these lawsuits, investigations and inquiries, and other proceedings may involve significant expense, divert management's attention and resources from other matters, and impact the reputation of the company.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
executive summary and selected consolidated statements of earnings data net sales increased 6.9% to $94.6 billion for the fiscal year ended january 29, 2017 ("fiscal 2016") from $88.5 billion for the fiscal year ended january 31, 2016 ("fiscal 2015"). our total comparable store sales increased 5.6% in fiscal 2016, driven by a 2.8% increase in our comparable store customer transactions and a 2.7% increase in our comparable store average ticket. comparable store sales for our u.s. stores increased 6.2% in fiscal 2016.
for fiscal 2016, we reported net earnings of $8.0 billion and diluted earnings per share of $6.45 compared to net earnings of $7.0 billion and diluted earnings per share of $5.46 for fiscal 2015.
the results for fiscal 2016 included $37 million of pretax expenses related to the data breach that we discovered in the third quarter of fiscal 2014 compared to $128 million of pretax net expenses for fiscal 2015. these charges resulted in decreases of $0.02 and $0.06 to diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2016 and 2015, respectively. since the data breach occurred, we have recorded $198 million of pretax net expenses related to the data breach. the data breach is discussed further in note 13 to our consolidated financial statements.
the results for fiscal 2015 included a $144 million pretax gain related to the sale of our remaining equity ownership in hd supply holdings, inc. ("hd supply"). this gain contributed $0.07 to diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2015.
customer experience - customer experience is anchored on the principles of putting customers first and taking care of our associates, and our commitment to customer service remains strong. we have taken a number of steps to provide our customers with a seamless and frictionless shopping experience in our stores, online, on the job site and in their homes. in fiscal 2016, we rolled out a redesign of our home depot website to provide our customers with better search capabilities and a faster checkout experience, and we updated our mobile app.
in fiscal 2016, we continued to invest in our interconnected capabilities to more effectively meet customers' demands for increased fulfillment options. we completed the deployment of our new com platform in all of our u.s. stores in fiscal 2016. we also completed the roll out of our bodfs program, which was built on the foundation of com and complements our existing interconnected retail programs. in fiscal 2016, approximately 45% of our online u.s. orders were picked up in our stores through our bopis and boss offerings. sales from our online channels increased 19.3% for fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015, and represented 5.9% of our total net sales for fiscal 2016. also in fiscal 2016, we enabled a dynamic eta feature for online orders, which provides our customers with a faster and more accurate delivery date based on their location. we believe this will continue to increase conversion rates and improve customer satisfaction. we will continue to blend our physical and digital assets in a seamless and frictionless way to enhance the end-to-end customer experience.
product authority - product authority is facilitated by our merchandising transformation and portfolio strategy, which is focused on delivering product innovation, assortment and value. in fiscal 2016, we continued to introduce a wide range of innovative new products to our do-it-yourself, do-it-for-me and professional customers, while remaining focused on offering everyday values in our stores and online. we also continued to leverage our merchandising assortment planning and pricing tools to better understand customer preferences and to refine our online and in-store product assortment in particular stores and geographic areas.
productivity and efficiency driven by capital allocation - our approach to driving productivity and efficiency is advanced through continuous operational improvement in our stores and supply chain, disciplined capital allocation, and building shareholder value through higher returns on invested capital and total value returned to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. in fiscal 2016, we continued to optimize our supply chain through our multi-year program called project sync. we rolled out the first phase of project sync to all of our u.s. stores, and we continue to onboard new suppliers. this program will allow us to significantly reduce our average lead time from supplier to shelf, reduce transportation expenses and improve inventory turns. as we continue to roll out project sync, we plan to create an end-to-end solution that benefits all participants in our supply chain, from our suppliers to our transportation providers, to our rdcs and store associates, and to our customers.
we repurchased a total of 53 million shares of our common stock for $7.0 billion through the open market during fiscal 2016. in addition, in february 2017, our board of directors authorized a new $15.0 billion share repurchase program that replaces the previous authorization, and we announced a 29% increase in our quarterly cash dividend to $0.89 per share.
in fiscal 2016, we opened four new stores in mexico, for a total store count of 2,278 at the end of fiscal 2016. as of the end of fiscal 2016, a total of 301 of our stores, or 13.2%, were located in canada and mexico.
in august 2015, we completed the acquisition of interline for $1.7 billion. this acquisition allowed us to establish a platform in the mro market where we serve primarily institutional customers, such as educational and healthcare institutions, hospitality businesses, and national apartment complexes.
we generated $9.8 billion of cash flow from operations in fiscal 2016. this cash flow, along with $5.0 billion of long-term debt issued in fiscal 2016 and $360 million of short-term borrowings in fiscal 2016, was used to repay $3.0 billion of 5.40% senior notes that matured on march 1, 2016, fund cash payments of $6.9 billion for share repurchases, pay $3.4 billion of dividends and fund $1.6 billion in capital expenditures.
our inventory turnover ratio was 4.9 times at the end of both fiscal 2016 and 2015. our return on invested capital (defined as net operating profit after tax, a non-gaap financial measure, for the most recent twelve-month period, divided by the average of beginning and ending long-term debt, including current installments, and equity for the most recent twelve-month period) was 31.4% at the end of fiscal 2016 compared to 28.1% at the end of fiscal 2015. for a reconciliation of net operating profit after tax to net earnings, the most comparable gaap financial measure, and our calculation of return on invested capital, see "non-gaap financial measures" below.
we believe the selected sales data, the percentage relationship between net sales and major categories in the consolidated statements of earnings and the percentage change in the dollar amounts of each of the items presented below are important in evaluating the performance of our business operations.
% of net sales                 % increase (decrease)in dollar amounts fiscal year(1)
gross profit                                         34.2                34.2                34.1                6.8                           6.6
operating expenses:
total operating expenses                             20.0                20.9                21.5                2.1                           3.2
operating income                                     14.2                13.3                12.6               14.0                          12.5
number of customer transactions (in millions)     1,544.0             1,500.8             1,441.6                2.9         %                 4.1         %
comparable store sales increase (%)(3)                5.6   %             5.6   %             5.3   %            n/a                           n/a online sales (% of net sales)(4)                      5.9   %             5.3   %             4.5   %           19.3         %                25.4         %
(2)   selected sales data does not include results for interline, which was acquired in the third quarter of fiscal 2015.
(3)   includes net sales at locations open greater than 12 months, including relocated and remodeled stores and online sales, and excluding closed stores. retail stores become comparable on the monday following their 365th day of operation. comparable store sales is intended only as supplemental information and is not a substitute for net sales or net earnings presented in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles.
(4)   consists of net sales generated online through our websites for products picked up in stores or delivered to customer locations through our bopis, boss and bodfs programs.
results of operations the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the notes to consolidated financial statements presented in this report.
net sales net sales for fiscal 2016 increased 6.9% to $94.6 billion from $88.5 billion for fiscal 2015. the increase in net sales for fiscal 2016 primarily reflects the impact of positive comparable store sales driven by increased customer transactions and average ticket growth, as well as sales from interline, which was acquired in the third quarter of fiscal 2015. the increase in net sales was partially offset by pressure from the strengthening u.s. dollar, which negatively impacted total sales growth by $549 million in fiscal 2016.
total comparable store sales increased 5.6% for fiscal 2016, which reflects a number of factors, including the execution of our strategy, continued strength across our business, and an improved u.s. home improvement market. all of our departments posted positive comparable store sales for fiscal 2016. comparable store sales for our appliances, tools, lumber, lighting, décor, building materials and indoor garden product categories were above the company average for fiscal 2016. further, our comparable store customer transactions increased 2.8% for fiscal 2016 and comparable store average ticket increased 2.7% for fiscal 2016, due in part to strong sales in big ticket purchases such as appliances, flooring and roofing, offset in part by the strength of the u.s. dollar.
gross profit gross profit increased 6.8% to $32.3 billion for fiscal 2016 from $30.3 billion for fiscal 2015. gross profit as a percent of net sales, or gross profit margin, was 34.2% for both fiscal 2016 and 2015. gross profit margin for fiscal 2016 reflects the impact of product mix changes, offset by benefits from our supply chain driven by increased productivity and benefits from reaching higher levels of co-op allowances and rebates in certain category classes.
operating expenses selling, general and administrative expenses ("sg&a") increased 2.0% to $17.1 billion for fiscal 2016 from $16.8 billion for fiscal 2015. sg&a for fiscal 2016 included $37 million of pretax expenses related to the data breach compared to $128 million of pretax net expenses for fiscal 2015. as a percent of net sales, sg&a was 18.1% for fiscal 2016 compared to 19.0% for fiscal 2015. the decrease in sg&a as a percent of net sales for fiscal 2016 reflects expense leverage resulting from the positive comparable store sales environment and strong expense controls.
depreciation and amortization increased 3.8% to $1.8 billion for fiscal 2016 from $1.7 billion for fiscal 2015. depreciation and amortization as a percent of net sales was 1.9% for both fiscal 2016 and 2015. depreciation and amortization as a percent of net sales for fiscal 2016 reflects expense leverage resulting from the positive comparable store sales environment.
operating income operating income increased 14.0% to $13.4 billion for fiscal 2016 from $11.8 billion for fiscal 2015. operating income as a percent of net sales was 14.2% for fiscal 2016 compared to 13.3% for fiscal 2015.
interest and other, net in fiscal 2016, we recognized $936 million of interest and other, net, compared to $753 million for fiscal 2015. interest and other, net, for fiscal 2015 included a $144 million pretax gain related to the sale of our remaining equity ownership in hd supply. interest and other, net, as a percent of net sales was 1.0% for fiscal 2016 compared to 0.9% for fiscal 2015 due primarily to the anniversary of the pretax gain related to the sale of our remaining equity ownership in hd supply in fiscal 2015 and higher long-term debt balances in fiscal 2016.
diluted earnings per share diluted earnings per share were $6.45 for fiscal 2016 compared to $5.46 for fiscal 2015. expenses related to the data breach resulted in decreases of $0.02 and $0.06 to diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2016 and 2015, respectively. the gain on the sale of our remaining equity ownership in hd supply contributed a benefit of $0.07 to diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2015.
net sales net sales for fiscal 2015 increased 6.4% to $88.5 billion from $83.2 billion for fiscal 2014. the increase in net sales for fiscal 2015 reflects the impact of positive comparable store sales driven by increased customer transactions and average ticket growth, partially offset by pressure from the strengthening u.s. dollar. total comparable store sales increased 5.6% for fiscal 2015.
the positive comparable store sales for fiscal 2015 reflect a number of factors, including the execution of our key initiatives, an improved u.s. home improvement market and broad-based growth across our stores. all of our departments posted positive comparable store sales for fiscal 2015. comparable store sales for our tools, appliances, plumbing, décor, lighting, indoor garden, building materials and hardware product categories were above the company average for fiscal 2015. further, our comparable store customer transactions increased 4.0% for fiscal 2015 and comparable store average ticket increased 1.6% for fiscal 2015, due in part to strong sales in big ticket purchases such as appliances, roofing and several installation service categories, offset in part by the strength of the u.s. dollar.
gross profit gross profit increased 6.6% to $30.3 billion for fiscal 2015 from $28.4 billion for fiscal 2014. gross profit as a percent of net sales, or gross profit margin, was 34.2% for fiscal 2015 compared to 34.1% for fiscal 2014, an increase of 6 basis points. the increase in gross profit margin for fiscal 2015 reflects benefits from our supply chain driven by lower fuel costs and increased productivity, partially offset by a change in the mix of products sold and the impact of interline, which has a lower gross profit margin.
operating expenses sg&a increased 3.2% to $16.8 billion for fiscal 2015 from $16.3 billion for fiscal 2014. sg&a for fiscal 2015 included $128 million of pretax net expenses related to the data breach compared to $33 million of pretax net expenses for fiscal 2014. as a percent of net sales, sg&a was 19.0% for fiscal 2015 compared to 19.6% for fiscal 2014. the decrease in sg&a as a percent of net sales for fiscal 2015 reflects strong expense controls and expense leverage resulting from the positive comparable store sales environment, partially offset by expenses related to the data breach.
depreciation and amortization increased 3.0% to $1.7 billion for fiscal 2015 from $1.6 billion for fiscal 2014. depreciation and amortization as a percent of net sales was 1.9% for fiscal 2015 compared to 2.0% for fiscal 2014. the decrease in depreciation and amortization as a percent of net sales for fiscal 2015 reflects expense leverage resulting from the positive comparable store sales environment.
operating income operating income increased 12.5% to $11.8 billion for fiscal 2015 from $10.5 billion for fiscal 2014. operating income as a percent of net sales was 13.3% for fiscal 2015 compared to 12.6% for fiscal 2014.
interest and other, net in fiscal 2015, we recognized $753 million of interest and other, net, compared to $493 million for fiscal 2014. interest and other, net, as a percent of net sales was 0.9% for fiscal 2015 compared to 0.6% for fiscal 2014. these results include a $144 million pretax gain in fiscal 2015 related to the sale of our remaining equity ownership in hd supply compared to a pretax gain of $323 million in fiscal 2014 related to the sales of portions of our equity ownership in hd supply. interest and other, net, for fiscal 2015 also reflects additional interest expense associated with $4.0 billion of long-term debt issued in fiscal 2015.
diluted earnings per share diluted earnings per share were $5.46 for fiscal 2015 compared to $4.71 for fiscal 2014. expenses related to the data breach had a negative impact of $0.06 to diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2015 compared to a negative impact of $0.02 for fiscal 2014. the gains on the sales of our equity ownership in hd supply contributed a benefit of $0.07 to diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2015 compared to a benefit of $0.15 for fiscal 2014.
non-gaap financial measures to provide clarity, internally and externally, about our operating performance, we supplement our reporting with certain non-gaap financial measures. however, this supplemental information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related gaap measures. non-gaap financial measures presented herein may differ from similar measures used by other companies.
return on invested capital we believe return on invested capital ("roic") is meaningful for investors and management because it measures how effectively we deploy our capital base. we define roic as net operating profit after tax ("nopat"), a non-gaap financial measure, for the most recent twelve-month period, divided by the average of beginning and ending long-term debt, including current installments, and equity for the most recent twelve-month period.
the following table provides our roic calculation and reconciles nopat to net earnings, the most comparable gaap financial measure, for the twelve months ended january 29, 2017 and january 31, 2016 (amounts in millions):
operating income                                                      13,427                  11,774
income tax adjustment (1)                                              4,874                   4,286
net operating profit after tax                                        $8,553                  $7,488
return on invested capital (nopat / average debt and equity)            31.4     %              28.1     %
(1)   income tax adjustment is defined as operating income multiplied by the company's effective tax rate.
(2)   average debt and equity is defined as the average of beginning and ending long-term debt, including current installments, and equity for the most recent twelve-month period.
liquidity and capital resources cash flow generated from operations provides us with a significant source of liquidity. for fiscal 2016, net cash provided by operating activities was $9.8 billion compared to $9.4 billion for fiscal 2015. this increase was primarily due to a $948 million increase in net earnings resulting from higher comparable store sales and expense leverage partially offset by a $442 million decrease in cash flows from accounts payable and accrued expenses related to the timing of purchases and payments, and a $223 million increase in merchandise inventories as a result of increased inventory purchases in support of increased sales.
net cash used in investing activities for fiscal 2016 was $1.6 billion compared to $3.0 billion for fiscal 2015. this change was primarily due to $1.7 billion in payments for businesses acquired, net, in fiscal 2015 related to the acquisition of interline.
net cash used in financing activities for fiscal 2016 was $7.9 billion compared to $5.8 billion for fiscal 2015. this change was primarily due to $2.0 billion less in net incremental long-term debt issued in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015.
in fiscal 2016, we repurchased 53 million shares of our common stock for $7.0 billion through the open market. since the inception of our initial share repurchase program in 2002 and through fiscal 2016, we have repurchased 1.3 billion shares of our common stock for a total of $67.1 billion. in february 2017, our board of directors authorized a new $15.0 billion share repurchase program that replaces the previous authorization.
in september 2016, we issued $1.0 billion of 2.125% senior notes due september 15, 2026 (the "september 2026 notes") at a discount of $11 million and $1.0 billion of 3.50% senior notes due september 15, 2056 (the "2056 notes") at a discount of $19 million (together, the "september 2016 issuance"). interest on the september 2026 notes and the 2056 notes is due semi-annually on march 15 and september 15 of each year, beginning march 15, 2017. the net proceeds of the september 2016 issuance were used for general corporate purposes, including repurchases of shares of our common stock.
in february 2016, we issued $1.35 billion of 2.00% senior notes due april 1, 2021 (the "2021 notes") at a discount of $5 million, $1.3 billion of 3.00% senior notes due april 1, 2026 (the "april 2026 notes") at a discount of $8 million, and $350 million of 4.25% senior notes due april 1, 2046 (the "2046 notes") at a premium of $2 million (together, the "february 2016 issuance"). the 2046 notes form a single series with our $1.25 billion of 4.25% senior notes due april 1, 2046 that were issued in may 2015, and have the same terms. the aggregate principal amount outstanding of our senior notes due april 1, 2046 is $1.6 billion. interest on the 2021 notes and the april 2026 notes is due semi-annually on april 1 and october 1 of each year, beginning october 1, 2016. interest on the 2046 notes is due semi-annually on april 1 and october 1 of each year, beginning april 1, 2016, with interest accruing from october 1, 2015. the net proceeds of the february 2016 issuance were used to repay our 5.40% senior notes that matured on march 1, 2016 (the "2016 notes"). as a result, the 2016 notes were classified as long-term debt in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of january 31, 2016.
in fiscal 2015, we entered into forward starting interest rate swap agreements with a combined notional amount of $1.0 billion, accounted for as cash flow hedges, to hedge interest rate fluctuations in anticipation of the february 2016 issuance. in connection with the february 2016 issuance, we paid $89 million to settle these forward starting interest rate swap agreements. this amount, net of income taxes, is included in accumulated other comprehensive loss and is being amortized to interest expense over the term of the april 2026 notes.
in september 2015, we issued $500 million of floating rate senior notes due september 15, 2017 (the "2017 notes") and $1.0 billion of 3.35% senior notes due september 15, 2025 (the "2025 notes") at a discount of $1 million (together, the "september 2015 issuance"). the 2017 notes bear interest at a variable rate determined quarterly equal to the three-month libor rate plus 37 basis points. interest on the 2017 notes is due quarterly on march 15, june 15, september 15 and december 15 of each year, beginning december 15, 2015. interest on the 2025 notes is due semi-annually on march 15 and september 15 of each year, beginning march 15, 2016. the net proceeds of the september 2015 issuance were used to fund the acquisition of interline.
in may 2015, we issued $1.25 billion of 2.625% senior notes due june 1, 2022 (the "2022 notes") at a discount of $5 million and $1.25 billion of 4.25% senior notes due april 1, 2046 (the "existing 2046 notes") at a discount of $3 million (together, the "may 2015 issuance"). interest on the 2022 notes is due semi-annually on june 1 and december 1 of each year, beginning december 1, 2015. interest on the existing 2046 notes is due semi-annually on april 1 and october 1 of each year, beginning october 1, 2015. the net proceeds of the may 2015 issuance were used for general corporate purposes, including repurchases of shares of our common stock.
in november 2013, we entered into an interest rate swap that expires on september 10, 2018, with a notional amount of $500 million, accounted for as a fair value hedge, that swaps fixed rate interest on our 2.25% senior notes due september 10, 2018 for variable interest equal to libor plus 88 basis points. at january 29, 2017, the approximate fair value of this agreement was an asset of $3 million, which is the estimated amount we would have received to settle the agreement and is included in other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.
also in november 2013, we entered into an interest rate swap that expires on september 15, 2020, with a notional amount of $500 million, accounted for as a fair value hedge, that swaps fixed rate interest on our 3.95% senior notes due september 15, 2020 for variable interest equal to libor plus 183 basis points. at january 29, 2017, the approximate fair value of this agreement was an asset of $10 million, which is the estimated amount we would have received to settle the agreement and is included in other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.
we have commercial paper programs that allow for borrowings up to $2.0 billion. all of our short-term borrowings in fiscal 2016 and 2015 were under these commercial paper programs. in connection with these programs, we have a back-up credit facility with a consortium of banks for borrowings up to $2.0 billion. the credit facility expires in december 2019 and contains various restrictive covenants. at january 29, 2017, we were in compliance with all of the covenants, and they are not expected to impact our liquidity or capital resources. at january 29, 2017 and january 31, 2016, there were $710 million and $350 million, respectively, of borrowings outstanding under the commercial paper programs. see note 4 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our commercial paper programs and related credit facility.
we use capital and operating leases to finance a portion of our real estate, including our stores, distribution centers and store support centers. the net present value of capital lease obligations is reflected in our consolidated balance sheets in long-term debt and current installments of long-term debt. in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles, the operating leases are not reflected in our consolidated balance sheets.
as of january 29, 2017, we had $2.5 billion in cash and cash equivalents. we believe that our current cash position, access to the long-term debt capital markets and cash flow generated from operations should be sufficient not only for our operating requirements but also to enable us to complete our capital expenditure programs and fund dividend payments, share repurchases and any required long-term debt payments through the next several fiscal years. in addition, we have funds available from our commercial paper programs and the ability to obtain alternative sources of financing.
off-balance sheet arrangements in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles, operating leases for a portion of our real estate and other assets are not reflected in our consolidated balance sheets.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our significant contractual obligations as of january 29, 2017 (amounts in millions):
capital lease obligations(3)       1,636                 130                 251                   259                   996
operating leases                   7,453                 907               1,572                 1,247                 3,727
unrecognized tax benefits(5)         175                 175                   -                     -                     -
(1)   excludes present value of capital lease obligations, fair value of interest rate swaps, unamortized debt discounts, premiums and debt issuance costs.
(2)   interest payments are at current interest rates including the impact of active interest rate swaps.
(3)   includes $758 million of imputed interest.
(4)   purchase obligations include all legally binding contracts such as firm commitments for inventory purchases, utility purchases, capital expenditures, software acquisitions and license commitments and legally binding service contracts. purchase orders that are not binding agreements are excluded from the table above.
(5)   excludes $484 million of noncurrent unrecognized tax benefits due to uncertainty regarding the timing of future cash payments.
(6)   excludes estimated loss contingencies related to the data breach due to uncertainty regarding the timing of future cash payments. see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements included in this report.
quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk our exposure to market risk results primarily from fluctuations in interest rates. interest rate swap agreements are used, at times, to manage our fixed/floating rate debt portfolio. at january 29, 2017, after giving consideration to our interest rate swap agreements, approximately 93% of our debt portfolio was comprised of fixed-rate debt and 7% was floating-rate debt. a 1.0 percentage point change in the interest costs of floating-rate debt would not have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations.
as of january 29, 2017 we had, net of discounts, $22.0 billion of senior notes outstanding. the aggregate market value of these publicly traded senior notes as of january 29, 2017 was $23.6 billion.
we are exposed to risks from foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on the translation of our foreign operations into u.s. dollars and on the purchase of goods by these foreign operations that are not denominated in their local currencies. revenues from these foreign operations accounted for approximately $8.0 billion and $8.0 billion of our revenue for fiscal 2016 and 2015, respectively. our exposure to foreign currency rate fluctuations is not material to our financial condition or results of operations.
impact of inflation, deflation and changing prices we have experienced inflation and deflation related to our purchase of certain commodity products. we do not believe that changing prices for commodities have had a material effect on our net sales or results of operations. although we cannot precisely determine the overall effect of inflation and deflation on operations, we do not believe inflation and deflation have had a material effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
critical accounting policies our significant accounting policies are disclosed in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. the following discussion addresses our most critical accounting policies, which are those that are both important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and that require significant judgment or use of significant assumptions or complex estimates.
revenues we recognize revenue, net of estimated returns and sales tax, at the time the customer takes possession of merchandise or receives services. we estimate the liability for sales returns based on our historical return levels. we believe that our estimate for sales returns is an accurate reflection of future returns. we have never recorded a significant adjustment to our estimated liability for sales returns. however, if these estimates are significantly below the actual amounts, our sales could be adversely impacted. when we receive payment from customers before the customer has taken possession of the merchandise or the service has been performed, the amount received is recorded as deferred revenue in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets until the sale or service is complete. we also record deferred revenue for the sale of gift cards and recognize this revenue upon the redemption of gift cards in net sales.
merchandise inventories our merchandise inventories are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out) or market, with approximately 70% valued under the retail inventory method and the remainder under a cost method. retailers like us, with many different types of merchandise at low unit cost and a large number of transactions, frequently use the retail inventory method. under the retail inventory method, merchandise inventories are stated at cost, which is determined by applying a cost-to-retail ratio to the ending retail value of inventories. as our inventory retail value is adjusted regularly to reflect market conditions, our inventory valued using the retail method approximates the lower of cost or market. we evaluate our inventory valued using a cost method at the end of each quarter to ensure that it is carried at the lower of cost or market. the valuation allowance for merchandise inventories valued under a cost method was not material to our consolidated financial statements as of the end of fiscal 2016 or 2015.
independent physical inventory counts or cycle counts are taken on a regular basis in each store and distribution center to ensure that amounts reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for merchandise inventories are properly stated. during the period between physical inventory counts in our stores, we accrue for estimated losses related to shrink on a store-by-store basis. shrink (or in the case of excess inventory, "swell") is the difference between the recorded amount of inventory and the physical inventory. shrink may occur due to theft, loss, inaccurate records for the receipt of inventory or deterioration of goods, among other things. we estimate shrink as a percent of net sales using the average shrink results from the previous two physical inventories. the estimates are evaluated quarterly and adjusted based on recent shrink results and current trends in the business. actual shrink results did not vary materially from estimated amounts for fiscal 2016, 2015 or 2014.
self-insurance we have established liabilities for certain losses related to general liability (including product liability), workers' compensation, employee group medical and automobile claims for which we are self-insured. our self-insured retention or deductible, as applicable, for each claim involving general liability, workers' compensation and automobile liability is limited to $25 million, $1 million and $1 million, respectively. we do not have any stop loss limits for self-insured employee group medical claims. our liabilities represent estimates of the ultimate cost for claims incurred as of the balance sheet date. the estimated liabilities are not discounted and are established based upon analysis of historical data and actuarial estimates. the liabilities are reviewed by management and third-party actuaries on a regular basis to ensure that they are appropriate. while we believe these estimates are reasonable based on the information currently available, if actual trends, including the severity or frequency of claims, medical cost inflation or fluctuations in premiums, differ from our estimates, our results of operations could be impacted. actual results related to these types of claims did not vary materially from estimated amounts for fiscal 2016, 2015 or 2014. we maintain network security and privacy liability insurance coverage to limit our exposure to losses such as those that may be caused by a significant compromise or breach of our data security. this coverage is discussed further in note 13 to our consolidated financial statements.
vendor allowances vendor allowances primarily consist of volume rebates that are earned as a result of attaining certain purchase levels and advertising co-op allowances for the promotion of vendors' products that are typically based on guaranteed minimum amounts with additional amounts being earned for attaining certain purchase levels. these vendor allowances are accrued as earned, with those allowances received as a result of attaining certain purchase levels accrued over the incentive period based on estimates of purchases. we believe that our estimate of vendor allowances earned based on expected volume of purchases over the incentive period is an accurate reflection of the ultimate allowance to be received from our vendors.
volume rebates and certain advertising co-op allowances earned are initially recorded as a reduction in merchandise inventories and a subsequent reduction in cost of sales when the related product is sold. certain advertising co-op allowances that are reimbursements of specific, incremental and identifiable costs incurred to promote vendors' products are recorded as an offset against advertising expense in sg&a.
impairment of long-lived assets we evaluate our long-lived assets each quarter for indicators of potential impairment. indicators of impairment include current period losses combined with a history of losses, management's decision to relocate or close a store or other location before the end of its previously estimated useful life or when changes in other circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. the evaluation for long-lived assets is performed at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows, which is generally the individual store level.
the assets of a store with indicators of impairment are evaluated by comparing its undiscounted cash flows with its carrying value. the estimate of cash flows includes management's assumptions of cash inflows and outflows directly resulting from the use of those assets in operations, including gross margin on net sales, payroll and related items, occupancy costs, insurance allocations and other costs to operate a store. if the carrying value is greater than the undiscounted cash flows, an impairment loss is recognized for the difference between the carrying value and the estimated fair market value. impairment losses are recorded as a component of sg&a in the accompanying consolidated statements of earnings. when a leased location closes, we also recognize in sg&a the net present value of future lease obligations less estimated sublease income.
we make critical assumptions and estimates in completing impairment assessments of long-lived assets. our cash flow projections look several years into the future and include assumptions on variables such as future sales and operating margin growth rates, economic conditions, market competition and inflation. a 10% decrease in the estimated undiscounted cash flows for the stores with indicators of impairment would not have a material impact on our results of operations. our estimates of fair market value are generally based on market appraisals of owned locations and estimates on the amount of potential sublease income and the time required to sublease for leased locations. a 10% decrease in estimated sublease income and a 10% increase in the time required to sublease would not have a material impact on our results of operations. we recorded impairments and lease obligation costs on closings and relocations in the ordinary course of business, which were not material to the consolidated financial statements in fiscal 2016, 2015 or 2014.
goodwill and other intangible assets goodwill represents the excess of purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired. we do not amortize goodwill but do assess the recoverability of goodwill in the third quarter of each fiscal year, or more often if indicators warrant, by determining whether the fair value of each reporting unit supports its carrying value. each year we may assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of each reporting unit is less than its carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to complete quantitative impairment assessments, with a quantitative assessment completed at least once every three years. we completed a quantitative assessment in fiscal 2016.
in fiscal 2016, we completed our annual assessment of the recoverability of goodwill for our u.s., canada and mexico reporting units. the fair values of these reporting units were estimated using the present value of expected future discounted cash flows, and the fair value exceeded the carrying value for each respective reporting unit. there were no impairment charges related to goodwill for fiscal 2016, 2015 or 2014.
we amortize the cost of other intangible assets over their estimated useful lives, which range up to 12 years, unless such lives are deemed indefinite. intangible assets with indefinite lives are tested in the third quarter of each fiscal year for impairment, or more often if indicators warrant. there were no impairment charges related to our other intangible assets for fiscal 2016, 2015 or 2014.
recent accounting pronouncements for a summary of recently issued accounting pronouncements which may be applicable to us, see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in this report.
on february 1, 2016, we adopted accounting standards update ("asu") no. 2015-03, "interest-imputation of interest (subtopic 835-30): simplifying the presentation of debt issuance costs" and asu no. 2015-17, "income taxes (topic 740): balance sheet classification of deferred taxes". see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included in this report.