item 1a.   risk factors in addition to other disclosures within this report, including management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, and other documents filed with the sec from time to time, the following factors should be considered in evaluating the registrants. such factors could affect actual results of operations and cause results to differ substantially from those currently expected or sought. as indicated below, many of the following risk factors apply to aep and several or all of the registrant subsidiaries and, accordingly, such risk factors should be read to include the applicable registrants.
general risks of regulated operations and state restructuring aep may not be able to recover the costs of substantial planned investment in capital improvements and additions. (applies to all registrants)
aep's business plan calls for extensive investment in capital improvements and additions, including the installation of environmental upgrades and retrofits, construction of additional transmission facilities, modernizing existing infrastructure as well as other initiatives.  aep's public utility subsidiaries currently provide service at rates approved by one or more regulatory commissions.  if these regulatory commissions do not approve adjustments to the rates charged, affected aep subsidiaries would not be able to recover the costs associated with their planned extensive investment.  this would cause financial results to be diminished.
regulated electric revenues, earnings and results are dependent on federal and state regulation that may limit aep's ability to recover costs and other amounts. (applies to all registrants)
the rates customers pay to aep regulated utility businesses are subject to approval by the ferc and the respective state utility commissions of arkansas, indiana, kentucky, louisiana, michigan, ohio, oklahoma, tennessee, texas, virginia and west virginia. in certain instances, aep's applicable regulated utility businesses may agree to negotiated settlements related to various rate matters that are subject to regulatory approval. aep cannot predict the ultimate outcomes of any settlements or the actions by the ferc or the respective state commissions in establishing rates.
if regulated utility earnings exceed the returns established by the relevant commissions, retail electric rates may be subject to review and possible reduction by the commissions, which may decrease future earnings. additionally, if regulatory bodies do not allow recovery of costs incurred in providing service on a timely basis, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and negatively impact financial condition. similarly, if recovery or other rate relief authorized in the past is overturned or reversed on appeal, future earnings could be negatively impacted. any regulatory action or litigation outcome that triggers a reversal of a regulatory asset or deferred cost, including fuel and related costs, generally results in an impairment to the balance sheet and a charge to the income statement of the company involved. see note 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements entitled rate matters for information regarding rate proceedings.
aep's transmission investment strategy and execution bears certain risks associated with these activities. (applies to all registrants)
management expects that a growing portion of aep's earnings in the future will be derived from transmission investments and activities.  ferc policy currently favors the expansion and updating of the transmission infrastructure within its jurisdiction.  if ferc were to adopt a different policy, if states were to limit or restrict such policies, or if transmission needs do not continue or develop as projected, aep's strategy of investing in transmission could be impacted.  management believes aep's experience with transmission facilities construction and operation gives aep an advantage over other competitors in securing authorization to install, construct and operate new transmission lines and facilities.  however, there can be no assurance that pjm, spp or other rtos will authorize new transmission projects or will award such projects to aep.
in october 2016, several parties filed a joint complaint with the ferc claiming that the base return on common equity used by various aep affiliates in calculating formula transmission rates under the pjm open access transmission tariff (oatt) is excessive and should be reduced from 10.99% to 8.32%, effective upon the date of the complaint. if the ferc orders revenue reductions as a result of the complaint, including refunds from the date of the complaint filing, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition.
if the ferc were to lower the rate of return it has authorized for aep's transmission investments and facilities, or if one or more states were to successfully limit ferc jurisdiction on recovery of costs on transmission investment and its return, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and negatively impact financial condition.
changes in technology and regulatory policies may lower the value of electric utility facilities and franchises. (applies to all registrants)
aep primarily generates electricity at large central facilities and delivers that electricity to customers over its transmission and distribution facilities to customers usually situated within an exclusive franchise. this method results in economies of scale and generally lower costs than newer technologies such as fuel cells and microturbines, and distributed generation using either new or existing technology.  other technologies, such as light emitting diodes (leds), increase the efficiency of electricity and, as a result, lower the demand for it.   changes in regulatory policies and advances in batteries or energy storage, wind turbines and photovoltaic solar cells are reducing costs of new technology to levels that are making them competitive with some central station electricity production and delivery.  the ability to maintain relatively low cost, efficient and reliable operations, to establish fair regulatory mechanisms and to provide cost-effective programs and services to customers are significant determinants of aep's competitiveness.   further, in the event that alternative generation resources are mandated, subsidized or encouraged through climate legislation or regulation or otherwise are economically competitive and added to the available generation supply, such resources could displace a higher marginal cost fossil plant, which could reduce the price at which market participants sell their electricity. this occurrence could then reduce the market price at which all generators in that region would be able to sell their output and could adversely affect aep's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, which could also result in an impairment of certain long-lived assets.
aep's business plan for the construction of new projects involves a number of risks, including construction delays, nonperformance by equipment and other third party suppliers, and increases in equipment and labor costs.  to limit the risks of these construction projects, aep and its subsidiaries enter into equipment purchase orders and construction contracts and incur engineering and design service costs in advance of receiving necessary regulatory approvals and/or siting or environmental permits.  if any of these projects are canceled for any reason, including failure to receive necessary regulatory approvals and/or siting or environmental permits, significant cancellation penalties under the equipment purchase orders and construction contracts could occur.  in addition, if any construction work or investments have been recorded as an asset, an impairment may need to be recorded in the event the project is canceled.
through i&m, aep owns the cook plant.  it consists of two nuclear generating units for a rated capacity of 2,191 mws, or about 7% of the generating capacity in the aep system.  aep and i&m are, therefore, subject to the risks of nuclear generation, which include the following:
•   the potential harmful effects on the environment and human health due to an adverse incident/event resulting from the operation of nuclear facilities and the storage, handling and disposal of radioactive materials such as spent nuclear fuel.
•   limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available to cover losses that might arise in connection with nuclear operations.
•   uncertainties with respect to contingencies and assessment amounts triggered by a loss event (federal law requires owners of nuclear units to purchase the maximum available amount of nuclear liability insurance and potentially contribute to the coverage for losses of others).
•   uncertainties with respect to the technological and financial aspects of decommissioning nuclear plants at the end of their licensed lives.
there can be no assurance that i&m's preparations or risk mitigation measures will be adequate if these risks are triggered.
the nrc has broad authority under federal law to impose licensing and safety-related requirements for the operation of nuclear generation facilities.  in the event of non-compliance, the nrc has the authority to impose fines or shut down a unit, or both, depending upon its assessment of the severity of the situation, until compliance is achieved.  revised safety requirements promulgated by the nrc could necessitate substantial capital expenditures at nuclear plants.  in addition, although management has no reason to anticipate a serious nuclear incident at the cook plant, if an incident did occur, it could harm results of operations or financial condition.  a major incident at a nuclear facility anywhere in the world could cause the nrc to limit or prohibit the operation or licensing of any domestic nuclear unit.  moreover, a major incident at any nuclear facility in the u.s. could require aep or i&m to make material contributory payments.
costs associated with the operation (including fuel), maintenance and retirement of nuclear plants continue to be more significant and less predictable than costs associated with other sources of generation, in large part due to changing regulatory requirements and safety standards, availability of nuclear waste disposal facilities and experience gained in the operation of nuclear facilities.  costs also may include replacement power, any unamortized investment at the end of the useful life of the cook plant (whether scheduled or premature), the carrying costs of that investment and retirement costs.  the ability to obtain adequate and timely recovery of costs associated with the cook plant is not assured.
aep could be subject to higher costs and/or penalties related to mandatory reliability standards. (applies to all registrants)
as a result of epact, owners and operators of the bulk power transmission system are subject to mandatory reliability standards promulgated by the north american electric reliability corporation and enforced by the ferc.  the standards are based on the functions that need to be performed to ensure the bulk power system operates reliably and are guided by reliability and market interface principles.  compliance with new reliability standards may subject aep
to higher operating costs and/or increased capital expenditures.  while management expects to recover costs and expenditures from customers through regulated rates, there can be no assurance that the applicable commissions will approve full recovery in a timely manner.  if aep were found not to be in compliance with the mandatory reliability standards, aep could be subject to sanctions, including substantial monetary penalties, which likely would not be recoverable from customers through regulated rates.
aep is impacted by the united states federal income tax policy, including corporate income tax laws. both the new federal administration and the republicans in the house of representatives have made public statements in support of comprehensive tax reform, including significant changes to the united states corporate income tax laws. management is currently unable to predict whether these reform discussions will result in any significant changes to existing tax laws, or if any such changes would have a cumulative positive or negative impact on aep. a reduction in the federal statutory tax rate could result in an accelerated return of deferred federal income taxes to customers.  this and other changes in the united states federal income tax laws could have an adverse effect on cash flow, financial condition, and liquidity.
collection of revenues in texas is concentrated in a limited number of reps. (applies to aep)
revenues from the distribution of electricity in the ercot area of texas are collected from reps that supply the electricity aep distributes to rep customers.  currently, aep does business with approximately one hundred reps.  in 2016, aep texas' largest rep accounted for 18% of its operating revenue, its second largest rep accounted for 18% of its operating revenue and its third largest rep accounted for 10% of its operating revenue. adverse economic conditions, structural problems in the texas market or financial difficulties of one or more reps could impair the ability of these reps to pay for services or cause them to delay such payments.  aep depends on these reps for timely remittance of payments.  any delay or default in payment could reduce future cash flows and negatively impact financial condition.
risks related to market, economic or financial volatility and other risks aep's financial performance may be adversely affected if aep is unable to successfully operate facilities or perform certain corporate functions. (applies to all registrants)
performance is highly dependent on the successful operation of generation, transmission and distribution facilities.  operating these facilities involves many risks, including:
•   operating limitations that may be imposed by environmental or other regulatory requirements.
•   compliance with mandatory reliability standards, including mandatory cyber security standards.
•   information technology failure that affects aep's ability to access customer information or causes loss of confidential or proprietary data that materially and adversely affects aep's reputation or exposes aep to legal claims.
aep and its regulated utility businesses face physical security and cybersecurity risks as the owner-operators of generation, transmission and distribution facilities and as participants in commodities trading. aep and its regulated utility businesses own assets deemed as critical infrastructure, the operation of which is dependent on information technology systems. further, the computer systems that run these facilities are not completely isolated from external networks. parties that wish to disrupt the u.s. bulk power system or aep operations could view these computer systems, software or networks as targets for cyber attack.  in addition, the electric utility business requires the collection of sensitive customer data, as well as confidential employee and shareholder information, which is subject to electronic theft or loss.
a security breach of aep or its regulated utility businesses' physical assets or information systems, aep's competitors, interconnected entities in rtos and isos, or regulators could impact the operation of the generation fleet and/or reliability of the transmission and distribution system or subject aep and its regulated utility businesses to financial harm associated with theft or inappropriate release of certain types of information, including sensitive customer, vendor, employee, trading or other confidential data. a successful cyber attack on the systems that control generation, transmission, distribution or other assets could severely disrupt business operations, preventing service to customers or collection of revenues. the breach of certain business systems could affect the ability to correctly record, process and report financial information. a major cyber incident could result in significant expenses to investigate and repair security breaches or system damage and could lead to litigation, fines, other remedial action, heightened regulatory scrutiny and damage to aep's reputation. in addition, the misappropriation, corruption or loss of personally identifiable information and other confidential data could lead to significant breach notification expenses and mitigation expenses such as credit monitoring. for these reasons, a significant cyber incident could reduce future net income and cash flows and negatively impact financial condition.
in an effort to reduce the likelihood and severity of cyber intrusions, aep has a comprehensive cyber security program designed to protect and preserve the confidentiality, integrity and availability of data and systems. in addition, aep is subject to mandatory cyber security regulatory requirements. however, cyber threats continue to evolve and adapt, and, as a result, there is a risk that aep could experience a successful cyber attack despite current security posture and regulatory compliance efforts.
if aep is unable to access capital markets on reasonable terms, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and negatively impact financial condition. (applies to all registrants)
aep relies on access to capital markets as a significant source of liquidity for capital requirements not satisfied by operating cash flows.  volatility and reduced liquidity in the financial markets could affect aep's ability to raise capital and fund capital needs, including construction costs and refinancing maturing indebtedness.  certain sources of debt and equity capital expressed increasing unwillingness to invest in companies, such as aep, that rely on fossil fuels. if sources of capital for aep disappear, capital costs could increase materially.  restricted access to capital markets and/or increased borrowing costs could reduce future net income and cash flows and negatively impact financial condition.
downgrades in aep's credit ratings could negatively affect its ability to access capital and/or to operate the power trading businesses. (applies to all registrants)
the credit ratings agencies periodically review aep's capital structure and the quality and stability of earnings.  any negative ratings actions could constrain the capital available to aep and could limit access to funding for operations.  aep's business is capital intensive, and aep is dependent upon the ability to access capital at rates and on terms management determines to be attractive.  if aep's ability to access capital becomes significantly constrained, aep's interest costs will likely increase and could reduce future net income and cash flows and negatively impact financial condition.
aep's power trading business relies on the investment grade ratings of aep's individual public utility subsidiaries' senior unsecured long-term debt or on the investment grade ratings of aep.  most counterparties require the creditworthiness of an investment grade entity to stand behind transactions.  if those ratings were to decline below investment grade, aep's ability to operate the power trading business profitably would be diminished because aep would likely have to deposit cash or cash-related instruments which would reduce future net income and cash flows and negatively impact financial condition.
aep has no income or cash flow apart from dividends paid or other payments due from its subsidiaries. (applies to aep)
aep is a holding company and has no operations of its own.  its ability to meet its financial obligations associated with its indebtedness and to pay dividends on its common stock is primarily dependent on the earnings and cash flows of its operating subsidiaries, primarily its regulated utilities, and the ability of its subsidiaries to pay dividends to, or repay loans from, aep.  its subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities that have no obligation (apart from loans from aep) to provide aep with funds for its payment obligations, whether by dividends, distributions or other payments.  payments to aep by its subsidiaries are also contingent upon their earnings and business considerations.  aep indebtedness and common stock dividends are structurally subordinated to all subsidiary indebtedness.
aep's operating results may fluctuate on a seasonal or quarterly basis and with general economic and weather conditions. (applies to all registrants)
electric power generation is generally a seasonal business.  in many parts of the country, demand for power peaks during the hot summer months, with market prices also peaking at that time.  in other areas, power demand peaks during the winter.  as a result, overall operating results in the future may fluctuate substantially on a seasonal basis.  the pattern of this fluctuation may change depending on the terms of power sale contracts that aep enters into.  in addition, aep has historically sold less power, and consequently earned less income, when weather conditions are milder.  unusually mild weather in the future could reduce future net income and cash flows and negatively impact financial condition. in addition, unusually extreme weather conditions could impact aep's results of operations in a manner that would not likely be sustainable.
further, deteriorating economic conditions generally result in reduced consumption by customers, particularly industrial customers who may curtail operations or cease production entirely, while an expanding economic environment generally results in increased revenues.  as a result, prevailing economic conditions may reduce future net income and cash flows and negatively impact financial condition.
volatility in the securities markets, interest rates, and other factors could substantially increase defined benefit pension and other postretirement plan costs and the costs of nuclear decommissioning. (applies to all registrants and to aep and i&m with respect to the costs of nuclear decommissioning)
the costs of providing pension and other postretirement benefit plans are dependent on a number of factors, such as the rates of return on plan assets, discount rates, the level of interest rates used to measure the required minimum funding levels of the plan, changes in actuarial assumptions, future government regulation, changes in life expectancy, and the frequency and amount of aep's required or voluntary contributions made to the plans. changes in actuarial assumptions and differences between the assumptions and actual values, as well as a significant decline in the value of investments that fund the pension and other postretirement plans, if not offset or mitigated by a decline in plan liabilities, could increase pension and other postretirement expense, and aep could be required from time to time to fund the pension plan with significant amounts of cash. such cash funding obligations could have a material impact on liquidity by reducing cash flows and could negatively affect results of operations. additionally, i&m holds a significant amount of assets in its nuclear decommissioning trusts to satisfy obligations to decommission its nuclear plant. the rate of return on assets held in those trusts can significantly impact both the costs of decommissioning and the funding requirements for the trusts.
certain events, such as an aging workforce without appropriate replacements, mismatch of skillset or complement to future needs, or unavailability of contract resources may lead to operating challenges and increased costs.  the challenges include lack of resources, loss of knowledge and a lengthy time period associated with skill development.  in this case, costs, including costs for contractors to replace employees, productivity costs and safety costs, may rise.  failure to hire and adequately train replacement employees, including the transfer of significant internal historical knowledge and expertise to the new employees, or the future availability and cost of contract labor may adversely affect the ability to manage and operate the business.  if aep is unable to successfully attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce, future net income and cash flows may be reduced.
changes in the price of commodities, emission allowances for criteria pollutants and the costs of transport may increase aep's cost of producing power or decrease the amount received from selling power, impacting financial performance. (applies to all registrants)
aep is exposed to changes in the price and availability of coal and the price and availability to transport coal.  aep has existing contracts of varying durations for the supply of coal, but as these contracts end or if they are not honored, aep may not be able to purchase coal on terms as favorable as the current contracts.  similarly, aep is exposed to changes in the price and availability of emission allowances.  aep uses emission allowances based on the amount of coal used as fuel and the reductions achieved through emission controls and other measures.  as long as current environmental programs remain in effect, aep has sufficient emission allowances to cover the majority of the projected needs for the next two years and beyond.  if the federal epa attempts to further reduce interstate transport, and it is acceptable by the courts, additional costs may be incurred either to acquire additional allowances or to achieve further reductions in emissions.  if aep needs to obtain allowances, those purchases may not be on as favorable terms as those under the current environmental programs.  aep's risks relative to the price and availability to transport coal include the volatility of the price of diesel which is the primary fuel used in transporting coal by barge.
aep also owns natural gas-fired facilities which exposes aep to market prices of natural gas.  historically, natural gas prices have tended to be more volatile than prices for other fuel sources. recently however, the availability of natural gas from shale production has lessened price volatility. aep's ability to make sales at a profit is highly dependent on the price of natural gas.  as the price of natural gas falls, other market participants that utilize natural gas-fired generation will be able to offer electricity at increasingly competitive prices relative to aep's sales prices, so the margins realized from sales will be lower and, on occasion, aep may need to curtail operation of marginal plants.  management expects the availability of shale natural gas and issues related to its accessibility will have a long-term material effect on the price and volatility of natural gas.
prices for coal, natural gas and emission allowances have shown material swings in the past.  changes in the cost of coal, emission allowances or natural gas and changes in the relationship between such costs and the market prices of power could reduce future net income and cash flows and negatively impact financial condition.
in addition, actual power prices and fuel costs will differ from those assumed in financial projections used to value trading and marketing transactions, and those differences may be material.  as a result, as those transactions are marked to market, they may impact future results of operations and cash flows and impact financial condition.
aep is subject to physical and financial risks associated with climate change. (applies to all registrants)
climate change creates physical and financial risk.  physical risks from climate change may include an increase in sea level and changes in weather conditions, such as changes in precipitation and extreme weather events.  customers' energy needs vary with weather conditions, primarily temperature and humidity.  for residential customers, heating and cooling represent their largest energy use.  to the extent weather conditions are affected by climate change, customers' energy use could increase or decrease depending on the duration and magnitude of the changes.
increased energy use due to weather changes may require aep to invest in additional generating assets, transmission and other infrastructure to serve increased load.  decreased energy use due to weather changes may affect financial condition through decreased revenues.  extreme weather conditions in general require more system backup, adding to costs, and can contribute to increased system stress, including service interruptions.  weather conditions outside of the aep service territory could also have an impact on revenues.  aep buys and sells electricity depending upon system needs and market opportunities.  extreme weather conditions creating high energy demand on aep's own and/or other systems may raise electricity prices as aep buys short-term energy to serve aep's own system, which would increase the cost of energy aep provides to customers.
severe weather impacts aep's service territories, primarily when thunderstorms, tornadoes, hurricanes, floods and snow or ice storms occur.  to the extent the frequency of extreme weather events increases, this could increase aep's cost of providing service.  changes in precipitation resulting in droughts, water shortages or floods could adversely affect operations, principally the fossil fuel generating units.  a negative impact to water supplies due to long-term drought conditions or severe flooding could adversely impact aep's ability to provide electricity to customers, as well as increase the price they pay for energy.  aep may not recover all costs related to mitigating these physical and financial risks.
to the extent climate change impacts a region's economic health, it may also impact revenues.  aep's financial performance is tied to the health of the regional economies aep serves.  the price of energy, as a factor in a region's cost of living as well as an important input into the cost of goods and services, has an impact on the economic health of the communities within the aep system.
management cannot predict the outcome of the legal proceedings relating to aep's business activities. (applies to all registrants)
aep is involved in legal proceedings, claims and litigation arising out of its business operations, the most significant of which are summarized in note 6 of the notes to financial statements entitled commitments, guarantees and contingencies.  adverse outcomes in these proceedings could require significant expenditures that could reduce future net income and cash flows and negatively impact financial condition.
risks related to owning and operating generation assets and selling power costs of compliance with existing environmental laws are significant. (applies to all registrants)
operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental statutes, rules and regulations relating to air quality, water quality, waste management, natural resources and health and safety.  approximately 82% of the electricity generated by the aep system is produced by the combustion of fossil fuels.  emissions of nitrogen and sulfur oxides, mercury and particulates from fossil fueled generation plants are subject to increased regulations, controls and mitigation expenses.  compliance with these legal requirements requires aep to commit significant capital toward environmental monitoring, installation of pollution control equipment, emission fees and permits at all aep facilities and could cause aep to retire generating capacity prior to the end of its estimated useful life.  these expenditures have been significant in the past, and management expects that they will continue to be significant in order to comply with the current and proposed regulations.  costs of compliance with environmental regulations could reduce future net income and negatively impact financial condition, especially if emission and/or discharge limits are tightened, more extensive permitting requirements are imposed or additional substances become regulated.  although aep typically recovers expenditures for pollution control technologies, replacement generation, undepreciated plant balances and associated operating costs from customers through regulated rates in regulated jurisdictions, there can be no assurance that aep will recover the remaining costs associated with such plants.  failure to recover these costs could reduce future net income and cash flows and possibly harm financial condition.  for aep's sales of energy from competitive units, there is no such cost-recovery mechanism.   as a result, aep may not recover costs through the market and may be forced to shut competitive units down.  the costs of compliance for aep's competitive units could reduce future net income and cash flows and possibly harm financial condition.
regulation of co2 emissions could materially increase costs to aep and its customers or cause some electric generating units to be uneconomical to operate or maintain. (applies to all registrants)
in 2014, the federal epa issued standards for new, modified and reconstructed units, and a guideline for the development of state implementation plans that would reduce carbon emissions from existing utility units. the standards and guidelines were finalized in 2015, and have been challenged by several dozen states as well as industry groups and other stakeholders. the u.s. supreme court has stayed the implementation of the guidelines for existing sources, known as the clean power plan, until a final decision is issued by the courts.
co2 standards could require significant increases in capital expenditures and operating costs and could impact the dates for retirement of aep's coal-fired units. aep typically recovers costs of complying with new requirements such as the potential co2 and other greenhouse gases emission standards from customers through regulated rates in regulated jurisdictions. for aep's sales of energy into the markets, however, there is no such recovery mechanism. failure to recover these costs, should they arise, could reduce future net income and cash flows and possibly harm financial condition.
courts adjudicating nuisance and other similar claims in the future may order aep to pay damages or to limit or reduce emissions. (applies to all registrants)
in the past, there have been several cases seeking damages based on allegations of federal and state common law nuisance in which aep, among others, were defendants.  in general, the actions allege that emissions from the defendants' power plants constitute a public nuisance.  the plaintiffs in these actions generally seek recovery of damages and other relief.  if future actions are resolved against aep, substantial modifications of aep's existing coal-fired power plants could be required and aep might be required to limit or reduce emissions.  such remedies could require aep to purchase power from third parties to fulfill aep's commitments to supply power to aep customers.  this could have a material impact on costs.  in addition, aep could be required to invest significantly in additional emission control equipment, accelerate the timing of capital expenditures, pay damages or penalties and/or halt operations.  while management believes such costs should be recoverable from customers as costs of doing business in aep jurisdictions where generation rates are set on a cost of service basis, without such recovery, those costs could reduce future net income and cash flows and harm financial condition.  moreover, results of operations and financial position could be reduced due to the timing of recovery of these investments and the expense of ongoing litigation.
growth in customer accounts and growth of customer usage each directly influence demand for electricity and the need for additional power generation and delivery facilities.  customer growth and customer usage are affected by a number of factors outside the control of aep, such as mandated energy efficiency measures, demand-side management goals, distributed generation resources and economic and demographic conditions, such as population changes, job and income growth, housing starts, new business formation and the overall level of economic activity.
certain regulatory and legislative bodies have introduced or are considering requirements and/or incentives to further reduce energy consumption.  additionally, technological advances or other improvements in or applications of technology could lead to declines in per capita energy consumption.  some or all of these factors, could impact the demand for electricity.
profitability is impacted by aep's continued authorization to sell power at market-based rates. (applies to all registrants)
ferc has granted agr, apco, i&m, kpco, opco, pso and swepco authority to sell electricity at market-based rates. ferc reserves the right to revoke or revise this market-based rate authority if it subsequently determines that one or more of these companies can exercise market power in transmission or generation, create barriers to entry or engage in abusive affiliate transactions.  each company that has obtained market-based rate authority from ferc must file a market power update every three years to show that they continue to meet ferc's standards with respect to generation market power and other criteria used to evaluate whether entities qualify for market-based rates.  the loss of market-based rate authority by any of these entities, especially by agr, could have a material adverse effect on results of operations.
aep sells power from its generation facilities into the spot market and other competitive power markets on a contractual basis.  aep also enters into contracts to purchase and sell electricity, natural gas, emission allowances and coal as part of its power marketing and energy trading operations.  with respect to such transactions, the rate of return on capital investments is not determined through mandated rates, and revenues and results of operations are likely to depend, in large part, upon prevailing market prices for power in regional markets and competitive markets.  these market prices can fluctuate substantially over relatively short periods of time.  sales margins may erode as markets mature and there may be diminished opportunities for gain should volatility decline.  in addition, the ferc, which has jurisdiction over wholesale power rates, as well as rtos that oversee some of these markets, may impose price limitations, bidding rules and other mechanisms in these markets.  power supply and other similar agreements entered into during extreme market conditions may subsequently be held to be unenforceable by a reviewing court or the ferc.  fuel and emissions prices may also be volatile, and the price aep can obtain for power sales may not change at the same rate as changes in fuel and/or emissions costs.  these factors could reduce margins and therefore diminish revenues and results of operations.  volatility in market prices for fuel and power may result from:
•   weather conditions, including storms.
•   economic conditions.
•   outages of major generation or transmission facilities.
•   seasonality.
•   availability of competitively priced alternative energy sources.
•   demand for energy commodities.
commodity trading and marketing activities are subject to inherent risks which can be reduced and controlled but not eliminated. (applies to all registrants)
the exposure of aep's power trading activities is managed by establishing and enforcing risk limits and risk management procedures. these risk limits and risk management procedures may not work as planned and cannot eliminate the risks associated with these activities.  as a result, management cannot predict the impact that aep's energy trading and risk management decisions may have on aep's business, operating results or financial position.
aep routinely has open trading positions in the market, within guidelines set by aep, resulting from the management of aep's trading portfolio.  to the extent open trading positions exist, fluctuating commodity prices can improve or diminish financial results and financial position.
aep's power trading risk management activities, including power sales agreements with counterparties, rely on projections that depend heavily on judgments and assumptions by management of factors such as the future market prices and demand for power and other energy-related commodities.  these factors become more difficult to predict and the calculations become less reliable the further into the future these estimates are made.  even when policies and procedures are followed and decisions are made based on these estimates, results of operations may be impacted if the judgments and assumptions underlying those calculations prove to be inaccurate.
aep's power trading activities also expose aep to risks of commodity price movements.  to the extent that aep's power trading does not hedge the price risk associated with the generation it owns, or controls, aep would be exposed to the risk of rising and falling spot market prices.
in connection with these trading activities, aep routinely enters into financial contracts, including futures and options, over-the counter options, financially-settled swaps and other derivative contracts.  these activities expose aep to risks from price movements.  if the values of the financial contracts change in a manner aep does not anticipate, it could harm financial position or reduce the financial contribution of trading operations.
parties with whom aep has contracts may fail to perform their obligations, which could harm aep's results of operations. (applies to all registrants)
aep is exposed to the risk that counterparties that owe aep money or power could breach their obligations.  should the counterparties to these arrangements fail to perform, aep may be forced to enter into alternative hedging arrangements or honor underlying commitments at then-current market prices that may exceed aep's contractual prices, which would cause financial results to be diminished and aep might incur losses.  although estimates take into account the expected probability of default by a counterparty, actual exposure to a default by a counterparty may be greater than the estimates predict.
aep relies on electric transmission facilities that aep does not own or control.  if these facilities do not provide aep with adequate transmission capacity, aep may not be able to deliver wholesale electric power to the purchasers of aep's power. (applies to all registrants)
aep depends on transmission facilities owned and operated by other nonaffiliated power companies to deliver the power aep sells at wholesale.  this dependence exposes aep to a variety of risks.  if transmission is disrupted, or transmission capacity is inadequate, aep may not be able to sell and deliver aep wholesale power.  if a region's power transmission infrastructure is inadequate, aep's recovery of wholesale costs and profits may be limited.  if restrictive transmission price regulation is imposed, the transmission companies may not have sufficient incentive to invest in expansion of transmission infrastructure.
the ferc has issued electric transmission initiatives that require electric transmission services to be offered unbundled from commodity sales.  although these initiatives are designed to encourage wholesale market transactions, access to transmission systems may not be available if transmission capacity is insufficient because of physical constraints or because it is contractually unavailable.  management also cannot predict whether transmission facilities will be expanded in specific markets to accommodate competitive access to those markets.
ovec may require additional liquidity and other capital support.  (applies to aep, apco, i&m and opco)
aep and several nonaffiliated utility companies own ovec. the inter-company power agreement (icpa) defines the rights and obligations and sets the power participation ratio of the parties to it.  under the icpa, parties are entitled to receive and are obligated to pay for all ovec capacity (approximately 2,400 mw) in proportion to their respective power participation ratios. the aggregate power participation ratio of apco, i&m and opco is 43.47%. if a party fails to make payments owed by it under the icpa, ovec may not have sufficient funds to honor its payment obligations, including its ongoing operating expenses as well as its indebtedness. ovec has outstanding indebtedness of approximately $1.5 billion.
recently, a nonaffiliated party to the icpa announced its intention to exit its merchant business and that it may pursue restructuring or bankruptcy. this party's aggregate power participation ratio is approximately 8% under the icpa. as a result of this announcement and other related developments, moody's downgraded ovec's rating and left them on negative outlook for possible downgrade, fitch revised ovec's outlook to negative, while s&p affirmed ovec's rating and stable outlook.
if ovec does not have sufficient funds to honor its payment obligations, there is risk that apco, i&m and/or opco may need to make payments in addition to their power participation ratio payments.  further, if ovec's indebtedness is accelerated for any reason, there is risk that apco, i&m and/or opco may be required to pay some or all of such accelerated indebtedness in amounts equal to their aggregate power participation ratio of 43.47%.  also, as a result of the moody's and fitch actions, ovec's ability to access capital markets on terms as favorable as previously may diminish and its financing costs may rise.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations aep the information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the material under management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in the 2016 annual reports.
apco, i&m, opco, pso and swepco omitted pursuant to instruction i(2)(a).  management's narrative analysis of the results of operations and other information required by instruction i(2)(a) is incorporated herein by reference to the material under management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in the 2016 annual reports.