item 1a.   risk factors
this section highlights specific risks that could affect us and our businesses. you should carefully consider each of the following risks and all of the other information set forth in this annual report on form 10-k. based on the information currently known to us, we believe the following information identifies the most significant risk factors affecting us. however, the risks and uncertainties we face are not limited to those described below. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business.
if any of the following risks and uncertainties develop into actual events or if the circumstances described in the risks and uncertainties occur or continue to occur, these events or circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. these events could also have a negative effect on the trading price of our securities.
strategic, business and competitive risks difficult conditions in the business and economic environment, as well as political conditions in the united states and elsewhere, may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations.
our results of operations are materially affected by economic, market, political and social conditions in the united states and abroad. uneven global economic growth has had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on us, in part because we are very dependent upon the level of consumer and business activity and the demand for payment and financing products. a prolonged period of slow economic growth or deterioration in economic conditions could change customer behaviors, including spending on our cards and the ability and willingness of card members to pay amounts owed to us. travel and entertainment expenditures, which comprised approximately 25 percent of our u.s. billed business during 2016, for example, are sensitive to business and personal discretionary spending levels and also tend to decline during general economic downturns.
geopolitical trends toward nationalism and protectionism and the weakening or dissolution of international trade pacts may increase the cost of, or otherwise interfere with, conducting business. further, economic or political instability in certain regions or countries could negatively affect consumer and business spending, including in other parts of the world.
factors such as consumer spending, business investment, government spending, interest rates, tax rates, fuel and other energy costs, the volatility and strength of the capital markets, inflation and deflation all affect the economic environment and, ultimately, our profitability. an economic downturn characterized by higher unemployment, lower family income, lower consumer spending, lower demand for credit, lower corporate earnings or lower business investment is likely to materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. furthermore, such factors may cause our earnings, credit metrics and margins to fluctuate and diverge from expectations of analysts and investors, who may have differing assumptions regarding their impact on our business, adversely affecting, and/or increasing the volatility of, the trading price of our common shares.
our operating results may suffer because of substantial and increasingly intense competition worldwide in the payments industry.
the payments industry is highly competitive, and we compete with charge, credit and debit card networks, issuers and acquirers, paper-based transactions (e.g., cash and checks), bank transfer models (e.g., wire transfers and ach), as well as evolving and growing alternative payment and financing providers.
we believe visa and mastercard are larger than we are in most countries. as a result, card issuers and acquirers on the visa and mastercard networks may be able to benefit from the dominant position, scale, resources, marketing and pricing of those networks.
some of our competitors have developed, or may develop, substantially greater financial and other resources than we have, including larger cash reserves, may offer richer value propositions or a wider range of programs and services than we offer or may use more effective advertising, marketing or cross-selling strategies to acquire and retain more customers, capture a greater share of spending and borrowings, attain and develop more attractive cobrand card programs and maintain greater merchant acceptance than we have. we may not be able to compete effectively against these threats or respond or adapt to changes in consumer spending habits as effectively as our competitors. we expect expenses such as card member rewards and card member services expenses to continue to increase as we improve our value propositions for card members, including in response to increased competition.
spending on our cards could continue to be impacted by increasing consumer usage of charge, credit and debit cards issued on other networks, as well as adoption of payment systems based on ach or other payment mechanisms. to the extent other payment mechanisms, systems and products continue to successfully expand, our discount revenues and our ability to access transaction data through our closed-loop network could be negatively impacted. if we are not able to differentiate ourselves from our competitors, drive value for our customers and/or effectively grow in areas such as mobile and online payments and emerging technologies, we may not be able to compete effectively against these threats.
to the extent we expand into new business areas and new geographic regions, we may face competitors with more experience and more established relationships with relevant customers, regulators and industry participants, which could adversely affect our ability to compete. we may face additional compliance and regulatory risk to the extent that we expand into new business areas and we may need to dedicate more expense, time and resources to comply with regulatory requirements than our competitors, particularly those that are not regulated financial institutions. in addition, companies that control access to consumer and merchant payment method choices through digital wallets, mobile applications or at the point of sale could choose not to accept or could suppress use of our products or could restrict our access to our customers and transaction data. such companies could also require payments from us to participate in such digital wallets and applications, impacting our profitability on transactions. laws and business practices that favor local competitors, require card transactions to be routed over domestic networks or prohibit or limit foreign ownership of certain businesses could slow our growth in international regions. further, expanding our service offerings, adding customer acquisition channels and forming new partnerships could have higher cost structures than our current arrangements, and could adversely impact our average discount rate or dilute our brand.
many of our competitors are subject to different, and in some cases, less stringent, legislative and regulatory regimes. more restrictive laws and regulations that do not apply to all of our competitors can put us at a competitive disadvantage, including prohibiting us from engaging in certain transactions, regulating our contract terms and practices governing merchant card acceptance or adversely affecting our cost structure. see “ongoing legal proceedings regarding provisions in our merchant contracts could have a material adverse effect on our business, result in additional litigation and/or arbitrations, subject us to substantial monetary damages and damage our reputation and brand” for a discussion of the potential impact on our ability to compete effectively if ongoing legal proceedings limit our ability to prevent merchants from engaging in various actions to discriminate against our card products.
we face substantial and increasingly intense competition for partner relationships, which could result in a loss or renegotiation of these arrangements that could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
in the ordinary course of our business we enter into different types of contractual arrangements with business partners in a variety of industries. for example, we have partnered with delta air lines, as well as many others globally, to offer cobranded cards for consumers and small businesses, and through our membership rewards program we have partnered with businesses in many industries, including the airline industry, to offer benefits to card member participants. competition for relationships with key business partners is very intense and there can be no assurance we will be able to grow or maintain these partner relationships. establishing and retaining attractive cobrand card partnerships is particularly competitive among card issuers and networks as these partnerships typically have high-spending loyal customers. our entire cobrand portfolio accounted for approximately 18 percent of our worldwide billed business for the year ended december 31, 2016. card member loans related to our cobrand portfolio accounted for approximately 34 percent of our worldwide card member loans as of december 31, 2016.
cobrand arrangements are entered into for a fixed period, generally ranging from five to eight years, and will terminate in accordance with their terms, including at the end of the fixed period unless extended or renewed at the option of the parties, or upon early termination as a result of an event of default or otherwise. we face the risk that we could lose partner relationships, even after we have invested significant resources, time and expense in acquiring and developing the relationships. the volume of billed business could decline and card member attrition could increase, in each case, significantly as a result of the termination of one or more cobrand partnership relationships. in addition, some of our cobrand arrangements provide that, upon expiration or termination, the cobrand partner may purchase or designate a third party to purchase the loans generated with respect to its program, which could result in a significant decline in our card member loans outstanding. for example, our u.s. cobrand relationship with costco ended in 2016, and we sold the outstanding card member loans associated with the costco portfolio. in 2016, starwood hotels & resorts worldwide, with which we have a cobrand partnership, was acquired by marriott international, which has a cobrand partnership with a competing card issuer.
we also face the risk that existing relationships will be renegotiated with less favorable terms for us as competition for such relationships continues to increase. we make payments to our cobrand partners, which can be significant, based primarily on the amount of card member spending and corresponding rewards earned on such spending and, under certain arrangements, on the number of accounts acquired and retained. the amount we pay to our cobrand partners has increased, particularly in the united states, and may continue to increase as arrangements are renegotiated due to increasingly intense competition for cobrand partners among card issuers and networks. we may also choose to not continue certain cobrand relationships.
the loss of business partners (whether by non-renewal at the end of the contract period, such as the end of our relationship with costco in the united states in 2016, or early termination as the result of a merger or otherwise, such as the withdrawal of american airlines in 2014 from our airport club access program for centurion® and platinum card® members) or the renegotiation of existing partnerships with terms that are significantly worse for us could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. in addition, any publicity associated with the loss of any of our key business partners could harm our reputation, making it more difficult to attract and retain card members and merchants, and could weaken our negotiating position with our remaining and prospective business partners.
we face continued intense competitive pressure that may impact the prices we charge merchants that accept our cards for payment for goods and services.
unlike our competitors in the payments industry that rely on revolving credit balances to drive profits, our business model is focused on card member spending. discount revenue, which represents fees generally charged to merchants when card members use their cards to purchase goods and services on our network, is primarily driven by billed business volumes and is our largest single revenue source. in recent years, we experienced some reduction in our global weighted average merchant discount rate and have been under increasing pressure, including as a result of regulatory-mandated reductions to competitors’ pricing, to reduce merchant discount rates and undertake other repricing initiatives. we also face pressure from competitors that have other sources of income or lower expense bases that can make their pricing more attractive to key business partners and merchants. merchants are also able to negotiate incentives and pricing concessions from us as a condition to accepting our cards. as merchants consolidate and become even larger, we may have to increase the amount of incentives and/or concessions we provide to certain merchants, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. competitive and regulatory pressures on pricing could make it difficult to offset the costs of these incentives. we further expect some erosion of our average merchant discount rate as we seek to increase merchant acceptance. we may not be successful in significantly expanding merchant acceptance or offsetting rate erosion with volumes at new merchants.
in addition, differentiated payment models and technologies from non-traditional players in the alternative payments space and the regulatory and litigation environment could pose challenges to our traditional payment model and adversely impact our average discount rate. some merchants also continue to invest in their own payment solutions, such as proprietary-branded mobile wallets, using both traditional and new technology platforms. if merchants are able to drive broad consumer adoption and usage, it could adversely impact our merchant discount rate and billed business volumes.
a continuing priority of ours is to drive greater and differentiated value to our merchants which, if not successful, could negatively impact our discount revenue and financial results. if the average merchant discount rate declines more than expected, we will need to find ways to offset the financial impact by increasing billed business volumes, increasing other sources of revenue, such as fee-based revenue or interest income, or both. we may not succeed in maintaining merchant discount rates or offsetting the impact of declining merchant discount rates, particularly in the current regulatory environment, which could materially and adversely affect our revenues and profitability, and therefore our ability to invest in innovation and in value-added services for merchants and card members.
surcharging or steering by merchants could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations.
in certain countries, such as australia and certain member states in the eu, merchants are expressly permitted by law to surcharge card purchases. the number of countries in the eu that permit surcharging and the potential for selective surcharging of american express cards could increase following adoption of new eu-wide regulation, as discussed in “supervision and regulation — payments regulation.” in australia, we have seen merchant surcharging on american express cards in certain merchant categories, and in some cases, the surcharge is greater than that applied to visa and mastercard cards, a practice that is known as differential surcharging.
we also encounter merchants that accept our cards, but tell their customers that they prefer to accept another type of payment or otherwise seek to suppress use of our cards. our card members value the ability to use their cards where and when they want to, and we, therefore, take steps to meet our card members’ expectations and to protect the american express brand by prohibiting this form of discrimination, subject to local legal requirements.
if surcharging, steering or other forms of discrimination become widespread, american express cards and credit and charge cards generally could become less desirable to consumers, which could result in a decrease in cards-in-force and transaction volumes. the impact could vary depending on such factors as the manner in which a surcharge is levied, how card members are steered to other card products or payment forms at the point of sale and whether and to what extent these actions are applied to other payment cards, including whether it varies depending on the type of card, network, acquirer or issuer. discrimination against american express cards could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, particularly to the extent it disproportionately impacts our card members.
if we are not able to invest successfully in, and compete at the leading edge of, technological developments across all our businesses, our revenue and profitability could be negatively affected.
our industry is subject to rapid and significant technological changes. in order to compete in our industry, we need to continue to invest across all areas of our business, including in transaction processing, data management and analytics, customer interactions and communications, alternative payment mechanisms and risk management and compliance systems. incorporating new technologies into our products and services may require substantial expenditures and take considerable time, and ultimately may not be successful. we expect that new technologies in the payments industry will continue to emerge, and these new technologies may be superior to, or render obsolete, the technologies we currently use in our products and services.
the process of developing new products and services, enhancing existing products and services and adapting to technological changes and evolving industry standards is complex, costly and uncertain, and any failure by us to anticipate customers’ changing needs and emerging technological trends accurately could significantly impede our ability to compete effectively. consumer and merchant adoption is a key competitive factor and our competitors may develop products, platforms or technologies that become more widely adopted than ours. in addition, we may underestimate the time and expense we must invest in new products and services before they generate material revenues, if at all.
our ability to develop, acquire or access competitive technologies or business processes on acceptable terms may also be limited by intellectual property rights that third parties, including competitors and potential competitors, may assert. in addition, our ability to adopt new technologies may be inhibited by a need for industry-wide standards, a changing legislative and regulatory environment, the need for internal product and engineering expertise, resistance to change from card members or merchants, or the complexity of our systems.
we may not be successful in our efforts to promote card usage through marketing and promotion, merchant acceptance and card member rewards and services, or to effectively control the costs of such investments, both of which may impact our profitability.
revenue growth is dependent on increasing consumer and business spending on our cards and growing card lending balances. we have been spending at elevated levels on a number of growth initiatives over the past several years, including to attract new card members, reduce card member attrition and capture a greater share of customers’ total spending and borrowings. there can be no assurance that our investments to acquire card members and increase usage of our cards will be effective. for example, we may not be successful in developing and issuing new and enhanced cards or customers may not accept our new products and services, which would negatively impact our results of operations. increasing spending on our cards also depends on our continued expansion of merchant acceptance of our cards. if the rate of merchant acceptance growth slows or reverses itself, our business could suffer.
another way we invest in customer value is through our membership rewards program, as well as other card member benefits. any significant change in, or failure by management to reasonably estimate, actual redemptions of membership rewards points and associated redemption costs could adversely affect our profitability. in addition, many credit card issuers have instituted rewards and cobrand programs and may introduce programs and services that are similar to or more attractive than ours.
we may not be able to cost-effectively manage and expand card member benefits, including containing the growth of marketing, promotion, rewards and card member services expenses in the future. if such expenses continue to increase beyond our expectations, we will need to find ways to offset the financial impact by increasing payments volume, increasing other areas of revenues such as fee-based revenues, or both. we may not succeed in doing so, particularly in the current regulatory environment.
our brand and reputation are key assets of our company, and our business may be affected by how we are perceived in the marketplace.
our brand and its attributes are key assets of ours, and we believe our continued success depends on our ability to preserve, grow and leverage the value of our brand. our ability to attract and retain consumer and small business card members and corporate clients is highly dependent upon the external perceptions of our level of service, trustworthiness, business practices, merchant acceptance, financial condition and other subjective qualities. negative perceptions or publicity regarding these matters — even if related to seemingly isolated incidents and whether or not factually correct — could erode trust and confidence and damage our reputation among existing and potential card members and corporate clients, which could make it difficult for us to attract new card members and customers and maintain existing ones. negative public opinion could result from actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities or circumstances, including card practices, regulatory compliance and the use and protection of customer information, and from actions taken by regulators or others in response to such conduct. social media channels can also cause rapid, widespread reputational harm to our brand.
our brand and reputation may also be harmed by actions taken by third parties that are outside our control. for example, any shortcoming of a third-party vendor, merchant acquirer or gns partner may be attributed by card members and merchants to us, thus damaging our reputation and brand value. the lack of acceptance or suppression of card usage by merchants can also negatively impact perceptions of our brand and our products, lower overall transaction volume and increase the attractiveness of other payment products or systems. adverse developments with respect to our industry may also, by association, negatively impact our reputation, or result in greater regulatory or legislative scrutiny or litigation against us. furthermore, as a corporation with headquarters and operations located in the united states, a negative perception of the united states arising from its political or other positions could harm the perception of our company and our brand. although we monitor developments for areas of potential risk to our reputation and brand, negative perceptions or publicity could materially and adversely affect our revenues and profitability.
a significant operating disruption, a major information security incident or an increase in fraudulent activity using our cards could lead to reputational damage to our brand and significant legal, regulatory and financial exposure, and could reduce the use and acceptance of our charge and credit cards.
we and other third parties process, transmit and store account information in connection with our charge and credit cards and prepaid products, and in the normal course of our business, we collect, analyze and retain significant volumes of certain types of personally identifiable and other information pertaining to our customers and employees.
global financial institutions like us have experienced a significant increase in information security risk in recent years and will likely continue to be the target of increasingly sophisticated cyberattacks, including computer viruses, malicious or destructive code, social engineering attacks (including phishing and impersonation), denial of service and security attacks. for example, we and other u.s. financial services providers have been the targets of distributed denial-of-service attacks from sophisticated third parties.
our networks and systems are subject to constant attempts to identify and exploit potential vulnerabilities in our operating environment with intent to disrupt our business operations and capture, destroy or manipulate various types of information relating to corporate trade secrets, customer information, including card member and loyalty program account information, employee information and other sensitive business information, including acquisition activity, financial results and intellectual property. there are a number of motivations for cyber threat actors, including criminal activities such as fraud, identity theft and ransom, corporate or nation-state espionage, political agendas, public embarrassment with the intent to cause financial or reputational harm, intent to disrupt information technology systems, and to expose and exploit potential security and privacy vulnerabilities in corporate systems and websites.
as outsourcing, specialization of functions and technology innovation within the payments industry increase, more third parties are involved in processing transactions using our cards and there is a risk the confidentiality, integrity, privacy and/or security of data held by third parties or to which they have access, including merchants that accept our cards and our business partners, may be compromised, which could lead to unauthorized transactions on our cards and costs associated with responding to such an incident.
we develop and maintain systems and processes aimed at detecting and preventing information security incidents and fraudulent activity, which require significant investment, maintenance and ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies and regulatory requirements change and as efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. despite our efforts, the possibility of information security incidents, malicious social engineering, fraudulent or other malicious activities and human error or malfeasance cannot be eliminated entirely. risks associated with each of these remain, including the unauthorized disclosure, release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, modification, loss or destruction of confidential, proprietary and other information (including account data information) or negative impact to online accounts and systems. these risks will likely evolve as new technology is deployed. for example, with the increased use of emv technology, we may see a decrease in traditional fraud risk, but sophisticated fraudsters may develop new ways to commit fraud and we may see an increase in online fraud and impersonation and identity takeover attempts.
our information technology systems, including our transaction authorization, clearing and settlement systems, and data centers may experience service disruptions or degradation because of technology malfunction, sudden increases in customer transaction volume, natural disasters, accidents, power outages, internet outages, telecommunications failures, fraud, denial-of-service and other cyberattacks, terrorism, computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins, or similar events. service disruptions could prevent access to our online services and account information, compromise company or customer data, and impede transaction processing and financial reporting. inadequate infrastructure in lesser-developed countries could also result in service disruptions, which could impact our ability to do business in those countries.
if our information technology systems experience a significant disruption or breach, or if actual or perceived fraud levels or other illegal activities involving our cards or customer online accounts were to rise due to an information security incident at a business partner, merchant or other market participant, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise, it could lead to the loss of data or data integrity, regulatory investigations and intervention (such as mandatory card reissuance), increased litigation (including class action litigation), remediation and response costs, greater concerns of customers and/or business partners relating to the privacy and security of their data, and reputational and financial damage to our brand, which could reduce the use and acceptance of our cards, and have a material adverse impact on our business.
if such disruptions or breaches are not detected quickly, their effect could be compounded. information security incidents and other actual or perceived failures to maintain confidentiality, integrity, privacy and/or data protection, including leaked business data, may also disrupt our operations, undermine our competitive advantage through the disclosure of sensitive company information, divert management attention and resources, and negatively impact the assessment of us and our subsidiaries by banking regulators and rating agencies.
successful cyberattacks or data breaches at other large financial institutions, large retailers or other market participants, whether or not we are impacted, could lead to a general loss of customer confidence that could negatively affect us, including harming the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures or harming the reputation of the financial system in general, which could result in reduced use of our products and services. although we have insurance for losses related to cyber risks and attacks and information security and privacy liability, it may not be sufficient to offset the impact of a material loss event.
we have agreements with business partners in a variety of industries, including the airline industry, that represent a significant portion of our business. we are exposed to risks associated with these industries, including bankruptcies, liquidations, restructurings, consolidations and alliances of our partners, and the possible obligation to make payments to our partners.
we may be obligated to make or accelerate payments to certain business partners such as cobrand partners and merchants upon the occurrence of certain triggering events such as: (i) our economic condition deteriorating such that our senior unsecured debt rating is downgraded significantly below investment grade by s&p and moody’s, (ii) our ceasing to have a public debt rating, or (iii) a shortfall in certain performance levels. if we are not able to effectively manage these triggering events, we could unexpectedly have to make payments to these partners, which could have a negative effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
we are also exposed to risk from bankruptcies, liquidations, insolvencies, financial distress, restructurings, consolidations and other similar events that may occur in any industry representing a significant portion of our billed business, which could negatively impact particular card products and services (and billed business generally) and our financial condition and results of operations. for example, we could be materially impacted if we were obligated to or elected to reimburse card members for products and services purchased from merchants that have ceased operations or stopped accepting our cards.
the airline industry, which represents a significant portion of our billed business, has undergone bankruptcies, restructurings, consolidations and other similar events in the past. the airline industry accounted for approximately 8 percent of our worldwide billed business for the year ended december 31, 2016. our largest airline cobrand portfolio, american express’ delta skymiles, accounted for approximately 7 percent of our worldwide billed business for the year ended december 31, 2016 and approximately 20 percent of worldwide card member loans as of december 31, 2016. we have credit risk to the airline industry to the extent we protect card members against non-delivery of goods and services, such as where we have remitted payment to an airline for a card member purchase of tickets that have not yet been used or “flown.” if we are unable to collect the amount from the airline, we may bear the loss for the amount credited to the card member.
for additional information relating to the general risks related to the airline industry, see “risk management — institutional credit risk — exposure to the airline industry” under “md&a.”
we may not be successful in realizing the benefits associated with our acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint ventures and investment activity, and our business and reputation could be negatively impacted.
we have acquired a number of businesses and have made a number of strategic investments, and continue to evaluate potential transactions. these transactions could be material to our financial condition and results of operations. there is no assurance that we will be able to successfully identify and secure future acquisition candidates on terms and conditions that are acceptable to us, or complete proposed acquisitions and investments, which could impair our growth. our failure to successfully integrate acquired companies, businesses or technologies into our existing operations could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisition or investment, incur unanticipated liabilities and harm our business generally.
joint ventures, including our gbt jv, and minority investments inherently involve a lesser degree of control over business operations, thereby potentially increasing the financial, legal, operational and/or compliance risks associated with the joint venture or minority investment. in addition, we may be dependent on joint venture partners, controlling shareholders or management who may have business interests, strategies or goals that are inconsistent with ours. business decisions or other actions or omissions of the joint venture partner, controlling shareholders or management may adversely affect the value of our investment, result in litigation or regulatory action against us and otherwise damage our reputation and brand.
we rely on third-party providers of various computer systems, platforms and other services integral to the operations of our businesses. these third parties may act in ways that could harm our business.
we rely on third-party service providers, merchants, processors, aggregators, gns partners and other third parties for services that are integral to our operations, including the timely transmission of accurate information across our global network. if a service provider or other third party fails to provide the data quality, communications capacity or services we require, as a result of natural disaster, operational disruptions, terrorism, hacking or other cybersecurity incidents, or any other reason, the failure could interrupt or compromise the quality of our services to customers.
we are subject to the risk that activities of our third-party service providers may adversely affect our business. a failure to exercise adequate oversight over third-party service providers, including compliance with service level agreements or regulatory or legal requirements, could result in regulatory actions, fines, sanctions or economic and reputational harm to us. there is also a risk the confidentiality, integrity, privacy and/or security of data held by third parties or communicated over third-party networks or platforms could become compromised, which could significantly harm our business even if the attack or breach does not impact our systems. in addition, the management of multiple third-party vendors increases our operational complexity and decreases our control.
our business is subject to the effects of geopolitical events, weather, natural disasters and other conditions.
geopolitical events, terrorist attacks, natural disasters, severe weather conditions, floods, health pandemics, intrusion into or degradation of our infrastructure by hackers and other catastrophic events can have a negative effect on our business. because of our proximity to the world trade center, our headquarters were damaged as a result of the terrorist attacks of september 11, 2001. similar events or other disasters or catastrophic events in the future, and events impacting other sectors of the economy, including the telecommunications and energy sectors, could have a negative effect on our businesses and infrastructure, including our information technology systems.
because we derive a portion of our revenues from travel-related spending, our business is sensitive to safety concerns related to travel and tourism, limitations on travel and mobility, and health-related risks. in addition, disruptions in air travel and other forms of travel can result in the payment of claims under travel interruption insurance policies that we offer and, if such disruptions to travel are prolonged, they can materially adversely affect overall travel-related spending.
if the conditions described above (or similar ones) result in widespread or lengthy disruptions to travel, they could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. card member spending may also be negatively impacted in areas affected by natural disasters or other catastrophic events. the impact of such events on the overall economy may also adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations.
the exit of the united kingdom from the european union could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition.
our business in the united kingdom and elsewhere may be negatively impacted by the uncertainty regarding the exit of the united kingdom from the european union (commonly referred to as brexit), including from a deterioration of consumer and business activity in the united kingdom and other countries and general uncertainty in the overall business environment in which we operate. we may experience increased volatility in the value of the pound sterling and the euro, further strengthening the u.s. dollar, which could continue to adversely impact our results of operations from our international activities. the exit itself could also have a negative impact on the united kingdom and other european economies, which could adversely affect spending on our cards and the ability and willingness of card members to pay amounts owed to us. as of december 31, 2016, the emea region constituted approximately 10 percent of our worldwide billed business. it is unclear at this stage the financial, trade and legal implications of brexit. for example, we may no longer be able to provide payment services from the united kingdom to eu member states, which may require changes to the structure of our business operations in europe.
our success is dependent, in part, upon our executive officers and other key personnel, and the loss of key personnel could materially adversely affect our business.
our success depends, in part, on our executive officers and other key personnel. our senior management team has significant industry experience and would be difficult to replace. the market for qualified individuals is highly competitive, and we may not be able to attract and retain qualified personnel or candidates to replace or succeed members of our senior management team or other key personnel. changes in immigration and work permit laws and regulations or the administration or enforcement of such laws or regulations can also impair our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel. as further described in “supervision and regulation — compensation practices,” our compensation practices are subject to review and oversight by the federal reserve and the compensation practices of our u.s. bank subsidiaries are subject to review and oversight by the fdic and the occ. this regulatory review and oversight could further affect our ability to attract and retain our executive officers and other key personnel. the loss of key personnel could materially adversely affect our business.
legal, regulatory and compliance risks ongoing legal proceedings regarding provisions in our merchant contracts could have a material adverse effect on our business, result in additional litigation and/or arbitrations, subject us to substantial monetary damages and damage our reputation and brand.
the u.s. department of justice (doj) and certain states’ attorneys general brought an action against us alleging that the provisions in our card acceptance agreements with merchants that prohibit merchants from discriminating against our card products at the point of sale violate the u.s. antitrust laws. visa and mastercard, which were also defendants in the doj and state action, entered into a settlement agreement and have been dismissed as parties pursuant to that agreement, which was approved by the court. the settlement enjoins visa and mastercard from entering into contracts that prohibit merchants from engaging in various actions to steer cardholders to other card products or payment forms at the point of sale. following a non-jury trial in the doj case, the trial court found that the challenged provisions were anticompetitive and on april 30, 2015, the court issued a final judgment entering a permanent injunction. following our appeal of this judgment, on september 26, 2016, the court of appeals for the second circuit reversed the trial court decision and directed the trial court to enter a judgment for american express, which occurred on january 25, 2017. the doj and states may seek further review of this ruling. we are also a defendant in a number of actions and arbitration proceedings, including proposed class actions, filed by merchants that challenge the non-discrimination and honor-all-cards provisions in our card acceptance agreements and seek damages. a description of these legal proceedings is contained in “legal proceedings.”
an adverse outcome in these proceedings against us could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations, require us to change our merchant agreements in a way that could expose our cards to increased merchant steering and other forms of discrimination that could impair the card member experience, result in additional litigation and/or arbitrations, impose substantial monetary damages and damage our reputation and brand. even if we were not required to change our merchant agreements, changes in visa’s and mastercard’s policies or practices as a result of legal proceedings, lawsuit settlements or regulatory actions could result in changes to our business practices and materially and adversely impact our profitability.
our business is subject to comprehensive government regulation and supervision, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
we are subject to comprehensive government regulation and supervision in jurisdictions around the world, which significantly affects our business, and has the potential to restrict the scope of our existing businesses, increase our costs of doing business, limit our ability to pursue certain business opportunities or make our products and services more expensive for customers. regulatory oversight and supervision of our businesses are generally designed to protect consumers and enhance financial stability and are not designed to protect our security holders.
the current environment of additional regulation, enhanced supervision efforts and increased and unpredictable regulatory investigations and enforcement is likely to continue to result in changes to our business practices, products and procedures, and potentially additional penalties and/or restitution payments to card members. in addition, new laws or regulations, or changes in the enforcement of existing laws or regulations applicable to our businesses, could impact the profitability of our business activities, limit our ability to pursue business opportunities or adopt new technologies, require us to change certain of our business practices or alter our relationships with partners, merchants and card members, or affect retention of our key personnel. such changes also may require us to invest significant management attention and resources to make any necessary changes and could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. to the extent that different regulatory systems impose overlapping or inconsistent requirements on the conduct of our business, we face complexity and additional costs in our compliance efforts.
if we fail to satisfy regulatory requirements or maintain our financial holding company status, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected, and we may be restricted in our ability to take certain capital actions (such as declaring dividends or repurchasing outstanding shares) or engage in certain activities or acquisitions. additionally, our banking regulators have wide discretion in the examination and the enforcement of applicable banking statutes and regulations and may restrict our ability to engage in certain activities or acquisitions or require us to maintain more capital.
in recent years, legislators and regulators have focused on the operation of card networks, including interchange fees paid to card issuers in payment networks such as visa and mastercard and the fees merchants are charged to accept cards. even where we are not directly regulated, regulation of bankcard fees can significantly negatively impact the discount revenue derived from our business, including as a result of downward pressure on our discount rate from decreases in competitor pricing in connection with caps on interchange fees. in some cases, such regulation extends to certain aspects of our business, for example, gns arrangements or terms of card acceptance for merchants, including terms relating to non-discrimination and honor-all-cards. we have brought a legal challenge and seek a ruling from the eu court of justice to clarify the interpretation and validity of the application of price caps as well as other regulatory measures in circumstances where three-party networks issue cards with a cobrand partner or through an agent. there can be no assurance that our legal challenge will be successful. for a description of certain regulations and their impact on us, see “supervision and regulation — payments regulation.” legislators and regulators around the world are aware of each other’s approaches to the regulation of the payments industry. consequently, a development in one country, state or region may influence regulatory approaches in another.
we are subject to certain provisions of the bank secrecy act, as amended by the patriot act, with regard to maintaining effective aml programs. similar aml requirements apply under the laws of most jurisdictions where we operate. increased regulatory focus in this area could result in additional obligations or restrictions with respect to the types of products and services we may offer to consumers, the countries in which our cards may be used, and the types of customers and merchants who can obtain or accept our cards. activity such as money laundering or terrorist financing involving our cards could result in enforcement action, and our reputation may suffer due to our customers’ association with certain countries, persons or entities or the existence of any such transactions.
various regulatory agencies and legislatures are also considering regulations and legislation covering identity theft, account management guidelines, credit bureau reporting, disclosure rules, security and marketing that would impact us directly, in part due to increased scrutiny of our underwriting and account management standards. these new requirements may restrict our ability to issue charge and credit cards or partner with other financial institutions, which could adversely affect our revenue growth.
see “supervision and regulation” for more information about certain laws and regulations to which we are subject.
litigation and regulatory actions could subject us to significant fines, penalties, judgments and/or requirements resulting in significantly increased expenses, damage to our reputation and/or a material adverse effect on our business.
businesses in the financial services and payments industries have historically been subject to significant legal actions, including class action lawsuits. many of these actions have included claims for substantial compensatory or punitive damages. while we have historically relied on our arbitration clause in agreements with customers to limit our exposure to class action litigation, there can be no assurance that we will continue to be successful in enforcing our arbitration clause in the future. the cfpb issued a proposed rule that, if enacted, would, among other changes, require that our consumer arbitration clause not apply to cases filed in court as class actions, unless and until class certification is denied or the class claims are dismissed. as a result, claims of the type we previously arbitrated could be subject to the complexities and costs associated with class action cases. the continued focus of merchants on issues relating to the acceptance of various forms of payment may lead to additional litigation and other legal actions. given the inherent uncertainties involved in litigation, and the very large or indeterminate damages sought in some matters asserted against us, there is significant uncertainty as to the ultimate liability we may incur from litigation matters.
we have been subject to regulatory actions by the cfpb and other regulators and may continue to be subject to such actions, including governmental inquiries, investigations and enforcement proceedings, in the event of noncompliance or alleged noncompliance with laws or regulations. regulatory action could subject us to significant fines, penalties or other requirements resulting in increased expenses, limitations or conditions on our business activities, and damage to our reputation and our brand, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. we expect that regulators will continue taking formal enforcement actions against financial institutions in addition to addressing supervisory concerns through non-public supervisory actions or findings, which could involve restrictions on our activities, among other limitations that could adversely affect our business.
we are subject to capital adequacy and liquidity rules, and if we fail to meet these rules, our business would be adversely affected.
failure to meet current or future capital or liquidity requirements, including those imposed by the capital rules, the lcr, the nsfr or by regulators in implementing other portions of the basel iii framework and the enhanced supervision requirements of dodd-frank, could compromise our competitive position and could result in restrictions imposed by the federal reserve, including limiting our ability to pay dividends, repurchase our capital stock, invest in our business, expand our business or engage in acquisitions.
there continues to be substantial uncertainty regarding significant portions of the capital and liquidity regime that will apply to us and our u.s. bank subsidiaries. as a result, the ultimate impact on our long-term capital and liquidity planning and our results of operations is not certain, although an increase in our capital and liquid asset levels could lower our return on equity.
the capital requirements applicable to the company as a bank holding company and our u.s. bank subsidiaries have been substantially revised to implement the international basel iii framework and are in the process of being phased in. these requirements, particularly once they are fully phased in, require the company and our u.s. bank subsidiaries to satisfy more stringent capital adequacy standards than in the past. as part of our required stress testing, both internally and by the federal reserve, we must continue to comply with applicable capital standards in the adverse and severely adverse economic scenarios published by the federal reserve each year. to satisfy these requirements, it may be necessary for us to hold additional capital in excess of that required by the capital rules as they are phased in.
compliance with capital adequacy and liquidity rules, including the capital rules and the lcr, requires a material investment of resources. an inability to meet regulatory expectations regarding our compliance with applicable capital adequacy and liquidity rules may also negatively impact the assessment of the company and our u.s. bank subsidiaries by federal banking regulators.
we continue to progress through the parallel run phase of basel iii advanced approaches implementation. depending on how the advanced approaches are ultimately implemented for our asset types, our capital ratios calculated under the advanced approaches may be lower than under the standardized approach. in such a case, we may need to hold significantly more regulatory capital in order to maintain a given capital ratio.
there are several recent proposals or potential proposals that could significantly impact the regulatory capital standards and requirements applicable to financial institutions such as the company and our u.s. bank subsidiaries, as well as our ability to meet these requirements. the basel committee has adopted a framework that would impose a capital buffer on certain banks that may have an important impact on their domestic economies (so-called “domestic systemically important banks,” or “d-sibs”). the u.s. banking regulators have not designated any d-sibs in the united states. additionally, the basel committee has proposed a series of revisions to the standardized approach for credit and operational risk capital requirements. if these or other proposals are adopted in the united states and applied to advanced approaches institutions or if we are designated as a d-sib, we could be required to hold significantly more capital.
for more information on capital adequacy requirements, see “capital, leverage and liquidity regulation” under “supervision and regulation.”
we are subject to restrictions that limit our ability to pay dividends and repurchase our capital stock. our subsidiaries are also subject to restrictions that limit their ability to pay dividends to us, which may adversely affect our liquidity.
we are limited in our ability to pay dividends and repurchase capital stock by our regulators, who have broad authority to prohibit any action that would be considered an unsafe or unsound banking practice. for example, we are subject to a requirement to submit capital plans that include, among other things, projected dividend payments and repurchases of capital stock to the federal reserve for review. as part of the capital planning and stress testing process, our proposed capital actions are assessed against our ability to satisfy applicable capital requirements in the event of a stressed market environment. if the federal reserve objects to our capital plan or if we fail to satisfy applicable capital requirements, our ability to undertake capital actions may be restricted.
in addition, the capital rules include a capital conservation buffer which is being phased in from january 1, 2016 through january 1, 2019. the capital rules also include a countercyclical capital buffer, which is currently set at zero but which could be increased by the federal reserve in the future. these buffers can be satisfied only with cet1 capital. if our risk-based capital ratios were to fall below the applicable buffer levels, we would face graduated constraints on dividends, stock repurchases and other capital distributions based on the amount of the shortfall.
a failure to increase dividends along with our competitors, or any reduction of, or elimination of, our common stock dividend or share repurchase program would likely adversely affect the market price of our common stock and market perceptions of american express.
our ability to declare or pay dividends on, or to purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, shares of our common stock will be prohibited, subject to certain exceptions, in the event that we do not declare and pay in full dividends for the last preceding dividend period of our series b and series c preferred stock.
american express company relies on dividends from its subsidiaries for liquidity, and federal and state laws limit the amount of dividends that our subsidiaries may pay to the parent company. in particular, our u.s. bank subsidiaries are subject to various statutory and regulatory limitations on their declaration and payment of dividends. these limitations may hinder our ability to access funds we may need to make payments on our obligations, make dividend payments on outstanding american express company capital stock or otherwise achieve strategic objectives.
for more information on bank holding company and depository institution dividend restrictions, see “dividends and other capital distributions” under “supervision and regulation,” as well as “consolidated capital resources and liquidity — share repurchases and dividends” under “md&a” and note 23 to our “consolidated financial statements.”
regulation in the areas of privacy, data protection and information security could increase our costs and affect or limit our business opportunities and how we collect and/or use personal information.
as privacy, data protection and information security laws, including data localization laws, are interpreted and applied, compliance costs may increase, particularly in the context of ensuring that adequate data protection and data transfer mechanisms are in place. in recent years, there has been increasing regulatory enforcement and litigation activity in the areas of privacy, data protection and information security in the united states and in various countries in which we operate.
in addition, state and federal legislators and/or regulators in the united states and other countries in which we operate are increasingly adopting or revising privacy, data protection and information security laws that potentially could have significant impact on our current and planned privacy, data protection and information security-related practices, our collection, use, sharing, retention and safeguarding of consumer and/or employee information, and some of our current or planned business activities. new legislation or regulation could increase our costs of compliance and business operations and could reduce revenues from certain business initiatives. moreover, the application of existing or new laws to existing technology and practices can be uncertain and may lead to additional compliance risk and cost.
compliance with current or future privacy, data protection and information security laws relating to consumer and/or employee data could result in higher compliance and technology costs and could restrict our ability to fully maximize our closed-loop capability or provide certain products and services, which could materially and adversely affect our profitability. our failure to comply with privacy, data protection and information security laws could result in potentially significant regulatory and/or governmental investigations and/or actions, litigation, fines, sanctions, ongoing regulatory monitoring, customer attrition, decreases in the use or acceptance of our cards and damage to our reputation and our brand.
we may not be able to effectively manage the operational and compliance risks to which we are exposed.
we consider operational risk to be the risk of not achieving business objectives due to inadequate or failed processes or information systems, poor data quality, human error or the external environment (e.g., natural disasters). operational risk includes, among others, the risk that employee error or intentional misconduct could result in a material financial misstatement, a failure to monitor a third party’s compliance with a service level agreement or regulatory or legal requirements, or a failure to adequately monitor and control access to data in our systems we grant to third-party service providers. as processes are changed, or new products and services are introduced, we may not fully appreciate or identify new operational risks that may arise from such changes. compliance risk arises from the failure to adhere to applicable laws, rules, regulations and internal policies and procedures. operational and compliance risks can expose us to reputational risks as well as fines, civil money penalties or payment of damages and can lead to diminished business opportunities and diminished ability to expand key operations.
if we are not able to protect our intellectual property, our revenue and profitability could be negatively affected.
we rely on a variety of measures to protect our intellectual property and proprietary information, including copyrights, trademarks, patents and controls on access and distribution. these measures may not prevent misappropriation of our proprietary information or infringement of our intellectual property rights and a resulting loss of competitive advantage. in addition, competitors or other third parties may allege that our systems, processes or technologies infringe on their intellectual property rights. given the complex, rapidly changing and competitive technological and business environments in which we operate, and the potential risks and uncertainties of intellectual property-related litigation, a future assertion of an infringement claim against us could cause us to lose significant revenues, incur significant license, royalty or technology development expenses, or pay significant monetary damages.
tax legislative initiatives or assessments by governmental authorities could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
we are subject to income and other taxes in the united states and in various foreign jurisdictions. the laws and regulations related to tax matters are extremely complex and subject to varying interpretations. although management believes our positions are reasonable, we are subject to audit by the internal revenue service in the united states and by tax authorities in all the jurisdictions in which we conduct business operations. we are being challenged in a number of countries regarding our application of value-added taxes (vat) to certain transactions. while we believe we comply with all applicable vat and other tax laws, rules and regulations in the relevant jurisdictions, the tax authorities may determine that we owe additional taxes or apply existing laws and regulations more broadly, which could result in a significant increase in liabilities for taxes and interest in excess of accrued liabilities.
new tax legislative initiatives may be proposed from time to time, such as proposals for comprehensive tax reform in the united states, which may impact our effective tax rate and could adversely affect our tax positions or tax liabilities. in addition, unilateral or multi-jurisdictional actions by various tax authorities, including an increase in tax audit activity, to address “base erosion and profit shifting” by multinational companies could also have an adverse impact on our tax liabilities.
changes in accounting principles or standards could adversely affect our reported financial results in a particular period, even if there are no underlying changes in the economics of the business.
we are subject to changes in and interpretations of financial accounting matters that govern the measurement of our performance, which could change the way we account for certain of our transactions even if we do not change the way in which we transact. a change in accounting guidance can have a significant effect on our reported results, may retroactively affect previously reported results and could cause fluctuations in our reported results. for more information on recently issued accounting standards, see note 1 to our “consolidated financial statements.”
credit, liquidity and market risks our risk management policies and procedures may not be effective.
our risk management framework seeks to identify and mitigate risk and appropriately balance risk and return. we have established policies and procedures intended to identify, monitor and manage the types of risk to which we are subject, including credit risk, market risk, asset liability risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, compliance risk, model risk, strategic and business risk and reputational risk. see “risk management” under “md&a” for a discussion of the policies and procedures we use to identify, monitor and manage the risks we assume in conducting our businesses. although we have devoted significant resources to develop our risk management policies and procedures and expect to continue to do so in the future, these policies and procedures, as well as our risk management techniques, such as our hedging strategies, may not be fully effective. there may also be risks that exist, or develop in the future, that we have not appropriately anticipated, identified or mitigated. as regulations and markets in which we operate continue to evolve, our risk management framework may not always keep sufficient pace with those changes. if our risk management framework does not effectively identify or mitigate our risks, we could suffer unexpected losses and could be materially adversely affected.
management of our risks in some cases depends upon the use of analytical and/or forecasting models. although we have a governance framework for model development and independent model validation, the modeling methodology could be erroneous or the models could be misused. if our decisions are based on incorrect or misused model outputs and reports, we may face adverse consequences, such as financial loss, poor business and strategic decision-making, or damage to our reputation. in addition, some decisions our regulators make, including those related to our capital distribution plans, may be adversely impacted if they perceive the quality of our models to be insufficient.
we may not be able to effectively manage individual or institutional credit risk, or credit trends that can affect spending on card products and the ability of customers and partners to pay us, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
we are exposed to both individual credit risk, principally from consumer and small business card member receivables and loans, and institutional credit risk from merchants, gns partners, gcs clients, loyalty coalition partners and treasury and investment counterparties. third parties may default on their obligations to us due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons. country, regional and political risks can contribute to credit risk. our ability to assess creditworthiness may be impaired if the criteria or models we use to manage our credit risk become less predictive of future losses, which could cause our losses to rise and have a negative impact on our results of operations. rising delinquencies and rising rates of bankruptcy are often precursors of future write-offs and may require us to increase our reserve for loan losses. we expect that some modest, gradual upward pressure on our write-off rates will cause provisions to grow faster than loans in 2017. higher write-off rates and the resulting increase in our reserve for loan losses adversely affect our profitability and the performance of our securitizations, and may increase our cost of funds.
although we make estimates to provide for credit losses in our outstanding portfolio of loans and receivables, these estimates may not be accurate. in addition, the information we use in managing our credit risk may be inaccurate or incomplete. although we regularly review our credit exposure to specific clients and counterparties and to specific industries, countries and regions that we believe may present credit concerns, default risk may arise from events or circumstances that are difficult to foresee or detect, such as fraud. in addition, our ability to manage credit risk may be adversely affected by legal or regulatory changes (such as bankruptcy laws and minimum payment regulations). increased credit risk, whether resulting from underestimating the credit losses inherent in our portfolio of loans and receivables, deteriorating economic conditions (particularly in the united states where approximately 75 percent of our revenues are generated), changes in our mix of business or otherwise, could require us to increase our provisions for losses and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
adverse financial market conditions may significantly affect our ability to meet liquidity needs, access to capital and cost of capital.
we need liquidity to pay merchants, operating and other expenses, interest on debt and dividends on capital stock and to repay maturing liabilities. the principal sources of our liquidity are payments from card members, cash flows from our investment portfolio, cash and cash equivalents, proceeds from the issuance of unsecured medium- and long-term notes and asset securitizations and direct and third-party sourced deposits, securitized borrowings through our secured financing facilities, a committed bank borrowing facility and the federal reserve discount window.
our ability to obtain financing in the debt capital markets for unsecured term debt and asset securitizations is dependent on market conditions. disruptions, uncertainty or volatility across the financial markets, as well as adverse developments affecting our competitors and the financial industry generally, could negatively impact market liquidity and limit our access to funding required to operate our business. such market conditions may also limit our ability to replace, in a timely manner, maturing liabilities, satisfy regulatory capital requirements and access the funding necessary to grow our business. in some circumstances, we may incur an unattractive cost to raise capital, which could decrease profitability and significantly reduce financial flexibility.
for a further discussion of our liquidity and funding needs, see “consolidated capital resources and liquidity — funding programs and activities” under “md&a.”
any reduction in our and our subsidiaries’ credit ratings could increase the cost of our funding from, and restrict our access to, the capital markets and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
rating agencies regularly evaluate us and our subsidiaries, and their ratings of our and our subsidiaries’ long-term and short-term debt are based on a number of factors, including financial strength as well as factors not within our control, including conditions affecting the financial services industry generally, and the wider state of the economy. our and our subsidiaries’ ratings could be downgraded at any time and without any notice by any of the rating agencies, which could, among other things, adversely limit our access to the capital markets and adversely affect the cost and other terms upon which we and our subsidiaries are able to obtain funding.
adverse currency fluctuations and foreign exchange controls could decrease earnings we receive from our international operations and impact our capital.
during 2016, approximately 25 percent of our total revenues net of interest expense were generated from activities outside the united states. we are exposed to foreign exchange risk from our international operations, and accordingly the revenue we generate outside the united states is subject to unpredictable fluctuations if the values of other currencies change relative to the u.s. dollar, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. for the year ended december 31, 2016, foreign currency movements relative to the u.s. dollar negatively impacted our net revenues of $32.1 billion by approximately $0.4 billion as the u.s. dollar strengthened against many currencies.
foreign exchange regulations or capital controls might restrict or prohibit the conversion of other currencies into u.s. dollars or our ability to transfer them. political and economic conditions in other countries could also impact the availability of foreign exchange for the payment by the local card issuer of obligations arising out of local card members’ spending outside such country and for the payment of card bills by card members who are billed in a currency other than their local currency. substantial and sudden devaluation of local card members’ currency can also affect their ability to make payments to the local issuer of the card in connection with spending outside the local country. the occurrence of any of these circumstances could further impact our results of operations.
continuing concerns regarding the overall stability of the euro and the suitability of the euro as a single currency given the diverse economic and political circumstances in individual eurozone countries may cause the value of the euro to fluctuate more widely than in the past and could lead to the reintroduction of individual currencies in one or more eurozone countries, or, in more extreme circumstances, the possible dissolution of the euro currency entirely. if there is a significant devaluation of the euro and we are unable to hedge our foreign exchange exposure to the euro, the value of our euro-denominated assets and liabilities would be correspondingly reduced when translated into u.s. dollars for inclusion in our financial statements. similarly, the reintroduction of certain individual country currencies or the complete dissolution of the euro could adversely affect the value of our euro-denominated assets and liabilities. the reintroduction of individual country currencies would require us to reconfigure our billing and other systems to reflect individual country currencies in place of the euro. implementing such changes could be costly and failures in the currency reconfiguration could cause disruptions in our normal business operations. in addition, foreign currency derivative instruments to hedge our market exposure to re-introduced currencies may not be immediately available or may not be available on terms that are acceptable to us.
the potential developments regarding europe and the euro, or market perceptions concerning these and related issues, could continue to have an adverse impact on consumer and business behavior in europe and globally, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
if the rate of interest we pay on our borrowings increases more than the rate of interest we earn on our loans, our net interest yield, and consequently our net income, could fall. our interest expense was approximately $1.7 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016. a hypothetical 100 basis point increase in market interest rates would have resulted in a decrease to our annual net interest income of approximately $193 million as of december 31, 2016. in addition, interest rate changes may affect customer behavior, such as impacting the loan balances card members carry on their credit cards or their ability to make payments as higher interest rates lead to higher payment requirements, further impacting our results of operations.
for a further discussion of our interest rate risk, see “risk management — market risk management process” under “md&a.”
the value of our assets or liabilities may be adversely impacted by economic, political or market conditions.
market risk includes the loss in value of portfolios and financial instruments due to adverse changes in market variables, which could negatively impact our financial condition. we held approximately $3.2 billion of investment securities as of december 31, 2016. in the event that actual default rates of these investment securities were to significantly change from historical patterns due to challenges in the economy or otherwise, it could have a material adverse impact on the value of our investment portfolio. defaults or economic disruptions, even in countries or territories in which we do not have material investment exposure, conduct business or have operations, could adversely affect us.
an inability to accept or maintain deposits due to market demand or regulatory constraints could materially adversely affect our liquidity position and our ability to fund our business.
our u.s. bank subsidiaries accept deposits from individuals through third-party brokerage networks as well as directly from consumers through american express personal savings, and use the proceeds as a source of funding. as of december 31, 2016, we had approximately $52.3 billion in total u.s. retail deposits, of which a significant amount had been raised through third-party brokerage networks. we face strong competition with regard to deposits, and pricing and product changes may adversely affect our ability to attract and retain cost-effective deposit balances. if we are required to offer higher interest rates to attract or maintain deposits, our funding costs will be adversely impacted.
our ability to obtain deposit funding and offer competitive interest rates on deposits is also dependent on capital levels of our u.s. bank subsidiaries. the fdia’s brokered deposit provisions and related fdic rules in certain circumstances prohibit banks from accepting or renewing brokered deposits and apply other restrictions, such as a cap on interest rates that can be paid. see “prompt corrective action” under “supervision and regulation” for additional information.
while centurion bank and american express bank were considered “well capitalized” as of december 31, 2016 and had no restrictions regarding acceptance of brokered deposits or setting of interest rates, there can be no assurance they will continue to meet this definition. the capital rules, particularly when fully phased in, require bank holding companies and their bank subsidiaries to maintain substantially more capital, with a greater emphasis on common equity. additionally, our regulators can adjust the requirements to be “well capitalized” at any time and have authority to place limitations on our deposit businesses, including the interest rates we pay on deposits. an inability to attract or maintain deposits in the future could materially adversely affect our liquidity position and our ability to fund our business.
item 7. management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a)
executive overview business introduction we are a global services company with four reportable operating segments: u.s. consumer services (uscs), international consumer and network services (icns), global commercial services (gcs) and global merchant services (gms).
•                  discount revenue, our largest revenue source, represents fees generally charged to merchants for accepting our cards as payment for goods or services sold. the fees charged, or merchant discount, which is generally expressed as a percentage of the charge amount, varies with, among other factors, the industry in which the merchant does business, the charge amount and the merchant’s overall charge volume, the method of submission of charges, the timing and method of payment to the merchant and, in certain instances, the geographic scope for the related card acceptance agreement (e.g., domestic or global). in some instances, an additional flat transaction fee is assessed as part of the merchant discount, and additional fees may be charged such as a variable fee for “non-swiped” card transactions or for transactions using cards issued outside the united states at merchants located in the united states;
•   net card fees, represent revenue earned from annual card membership fees, which varies based on the type of card and the number of cards for each account;
•   other fees and commissions, represent foreign currency conversion fees charged to card members, card member delinquency fees, loyalty coalition-related fees, travel commissions and fees, service fees and fees related to our membership rewards program; and
•                   other revenue, represents revenues arising from contracts with partners of our global network services (gns) business (including commissions and signing fees), net revenue earned on cross-border card member spending, insurance premiums earned from card member travel and other insurance programs, merchant-related fees unrelated to merchant discount, prepaid card and travelers cheque-related revenue, revenues related to the american express global business travel joint venture (the gbt jv) transition services agreement, earnings from equity method investments (including the gbt jv) and other miscellaneous revenue and fees.
financial highlights for 2016, we reported net income of $5.4 billion and diluted earnings per share of $5.65. this compared to $5.2 billion of net income and $5.05 diluted earnings per share for 2015, and $5.9 billion of net income and $5.56 diluted earnings per share for 2014.
•   a $1.1 billion ($677 million after tax) gain on the sale of card member loans and receivables related to our cobrand partnership with costco in the second quarter;
•   $410 million ($266 million after tax) of net restructuring charges; and
•   a $127 million ($79 million after tax) gain on the sale of card member loans and receivables related to our cobrand partnership with jetblue in the first quarter.
•   a $419 million ($335 million after tax) charge related to the prepaid services business, that was driven primarily by the impairment of goodwill and technology, plus some restructuring costs.
•   a $719 million ($453 million after tax) gain on the sale of our investment in concur technologies (concur) in the fourth quarter;
•   a $626 million ($409 million after tax) gain as a result of the gbt jv transaction in the second quarter;
•   $420 million ($277 million after tax) of net charges for costs related to reengineering initiatives; and
•   a $109 million ($68 million after tax) charge related to the renewal of our partnership with delta air lines (delta) in the fourth quarter.
non-gaap measures we prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america (gaap). however, certain information included within this report constitutes non-gaap financial measures. our calculations of non-gaap financial measures may differ from the calculations of similarly titled measures by other companies.
business environment in a challenging economic, competitive and regulatory environment, we remain focused on our key priorities of accelerating revenue growth, optimizing investments and resetting our cost base. in 2016, revenue was lower year-over-year, though revenue performance sequentially improved in the fourth quarter. we made a record level of business-building investments during 2016 and continued to make progress on our plans to remove $1 billion from our overall cost base by the end of 2017. in addition, we continued to leverage our strong capital position to return capital to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends.
our worldwide billings for 2016 adjusted for foreign currency exchange rates were up slightly year-over-year. our u.s. consumer billings were down, resulting from the end of the costco relationship in the united states in june 2016. we saw strong performance from middle market and small businesses in the united states, while spending by large corporations declined year-over-year. internationally, our consumer and small business billings growth rates remained strong.
revenues net of interest expense for the year declined versus the prior year, primarily reflecting higher costco-related revenues in the prior year. after excluding costco-related revenues and the effect of foreign currency exchange rates, adjusted revenues net of interest expense grew, driven by increases in adjusted billed business, adjusted net interest income and net card fees across our premium card portfolios.
card member loan growth was strong year-over-year and we continue to see opportunities to increase our share of our customers’ borrowings. provisions for losses were up modestly versus the prior year, but grew more significantly after excluding from the prior year credit costs associated with the costco and jetblue card member loan portfolios. the growth in provisions for losses was driven by both higher card member loans and a slight increase in delinquency and net write-off rates due to the seasoning of loans related to newer card members. we expect that some modest, gradual upward pressure on our delinquency and write-off rates, due primarily to this seasoning of loans related to newer card members, will cause provisions to grow faster than loans in 2017.
total expenses for the year declined versus the prior year, driven by the gains on the sales of the costco and jetblue portfolios, which were recognized as a reduction in other expenses, as well as a decline in rewards expense, driven by higher costco cobrand rewards expenses included in the prior year and the shift in volumes to cash rebate cards, for which the rewards costs are classified as contra-discount revenue. marketing and promotion expenses grew significantly due to higher levels of spending on growth initiatives. card member services and other expenses also increased, driven by higher levels of engagement in many of our premium services such as airport lounge access and certain cobrand card benefits. we anticipate spending less on marketing and promotion in 2017. rewards expense and card member services and other expenses, after excluding costco cobrand-related costs, should continue to grow in 2017 due to higher billings and enhancements to our card product value propositions.
competition remains intense across our businesses. while our businesses are global and diversified, to remain competitive we need to continue to demonstrate the differentiated value we deliver to merchants, customers and business partners in all aspects of our relationships. more intense competition has and will continue to impact our cost of renewing and ability to win or extend cobrand and other relationships. throughout our business, we are focused on those products, services and relationships that offer the best value to our customers while also providing appropriate returns to our business and shareholders.
for discussion of certain legislative and regulatory changes that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition, see “supervision and regulation” in “business.”
consolidated results of operations refer to the “glossary of selected terminology” for the definitions of certain key terms and related information appearing within this section.
effective june 30, 2014, as a result of the gbt jv transaction, we deconsolidated the global business travel net assets, and now offer business travel-related services through the non-consolidated joint venture, resulting in a lack of comparability between 2015 and 2014.
effective december 1, 2015, we transferred the card member loans and receivables related to our hfs portfolios to card member loans and receivables hfs on the consolidated balance sheets. on march 18, 2016 and june 17, 2016, we completed the sales of the jetblue and costco cobrand card portfolios, respectively. for the periods from december 1, 2015, through the sale completion dates, the primary impacts beyond the hfs classification on the consolidated balance sheets were to provisions for losses and credit metrics, which do not reflect amounts related to these hfs loans and receivables, as credit costs were reported in other expenses through a valuation allowance adjustment. other, non-credit related metrics (i.e., billed business, cards-in-force, net interest yield) reflect amounts related to the hfs portfolios through the sale completion dates. additionally, for periods after the sale completion dates, activities associated with these cobrand partnerships and the hfs portfolios are no longer included in our consolidated results of operations. specifically, these impacts include: discount revenue from costco in the united states for spend on all american express cards and from other merchants for spend on the costco cobrand card; other fees and commissions and interest income from costco cobrand card members; and card member rewards expense related to the costco cobrand card, resulting in a lack of comparability between 2016 and 2015.
the relationship of the u.s. dollar to various foreign currencies over the periods of comparison has had an impact on our results of operations. where meaningful in describing our performance, foreign currency-adjusted amounts, which exclude the impact of changes in the foreign exchange (fx) rates, have been provided.
table 1: summary of financial performance years ended december 31,                                                                                                                             change                               change
provisions for losses                                             2,026                  1,988                  2,044              38                     2           (56)                   (3)
return on average equity(b)                                        26.0   %               24.0   %               29.1   %
(a)   earnings per common share — diluted was reduced by the impact of (i) earnings allocated to participating share awards and other items of $43 million, $38 million and $46 million for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, and (ii) dividends on preferred shares of $80 million, $62 million and nil for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014.
(b)   return on average equity (roe) is computed by dividing (i) one-year period net income ($5.4 billion, $5.2 billion and $5.9 billion for 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively) by (ii) one-year average total shareholders’ equity ($20.8 billion, $21.5 billion and $20.3 billion for 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively).
table 2: total revenues net of interest expense summary years ended december 31,                                                                                                    change                                change
(a)   travel commissions and fees, which were previously disclosed separately on the consolidated statements of income, are now included within other fees and commissions.
total revenues net of interest expense discount revenue decreased $617 million or 3 percent in 2016 compared to 2015, and remained relatively flat in 2015 compared to 2014. the decrease in 2016 was primarily driven by lower costco-related revenue. both periods of comparison reflected increases in contra-discount revenues, including cash rebate rewards, which in 2015 as compared to 2014 was offset by growth in billed business.
overall, billed business was flat in 2016 compared to 2015. u.s. billed business decreased 3 percent, primarily driven by lower costco-related volumes and non-u.s. billed business increased 6 percent (10 percent on an fx-adjusted basis).1
the average discount rate was 2.45 percent, 2.46 percent and 2.48 percent for 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. the decrease in the average discount rate in 2016 compared to 2015 was driven primarily by growth of the optblue program, merchant negotiations, including those resulting from the recent regulatory changes affecting competitor pricing in the european union and a prior-year benefit related to certain merchant rebate accruals, partially offset by the benefit to the discount rate from the decline in costco merchant volumes in the current year. we expect the average discount rate will likely continue to decline over time due to further expansion of optblue, merchant negotiations and competition, volume related pricing discounts and certain pricing initiatives mainly driven by pricing regulation (including regulation of competitors’ interchange rates). see tables 5 and 6 for more details on billed business performance and the average discount rate.
net card fees increased $186 million or 7 percent in 2016 compared to 2015 and remained relatively flat in 2015 compared to 2014 (increasing 5 percent on an fx-adjusted basis).1 the increase in 2016 was driven primarily by growth in the platinum, gold and delta portfolios.
other fees and commissions decreased $113 million or 4 percent in 2016 compared to 2015, and $760 million or 21 percent in 2015 compared to 2014. the decrease in 2016 was primarily driven by lower costco-related fees, partially offset by an increase in delinquency and loyalty coalition-related fees. the decrease in 2015 was primarily due to the gbt jv transaction, resulting in a lack of comparability between periods.
other revenues were relatively flat in 2016 compared to 2015, and decreased $956 million or 32 percent in 2015 compared to 2014. the current year included a contractual payment from a gns partner and higher revenues from our prepaid services business, offset by lower revenues related to costco, loyalty edge (which was sold in the fourth quarter of 2016), and the gbt jv transition services agreement. the decrease in 2015 was primarily driven by gains related to the sales of investment securities in concur and industrial and commercial bank of china in 2014.
interest income decreased $70 million or 1 percent in 2016 compared to 2015, and increased $366 million or 5 percent in 2015 compared to 2014. the decrease in 2016 was primarily driven by lower costco cobrand loans and the associated interest income, partially offset by modestly higher yields and an increase in average card member loans across other lending products. the increase in 2015 primarily reflects higher average card member loans, partially offset by decreases in interest and dividends on investment securities driven by lower average investment securities.
interest expense increased $81 million or 5 percent in 2016 compared to 2015, and decreased $84 million or 5 percent in 2015 compared to 2014. the increase in 2016 was primarily driven by higher average customer deposit balances, partially offset by lower average long-term debt. the decrease in 2015 was primarily driven by a lower cost of funds on debt and customer deposits, partially offset by an increase in average customer deposit balances.
table 3: provisions for losses summary years ended december 31,                                                                                      change                           change
total provisions for losses(a)            $2,026            $1,988            $2,044       $38                   2 %       $(56    )             (3)%
(a)   beginning december 1, 2015 through to the sale completion dates, does not reflect the hfs portfolios.
provisions for losses charge card provision for losses decreased $41 million or 6 percent in 2016 compared to 2015, and $55 million or 7 percent in 2015 compared to 2014. the decrease in 2016 was driven by lower net write-offs and improved delinquencies. the decrease in 2015 reflects a reserve release versus a reserve build in 2014, partially offset by higher write-offs.
card member loans provision for losses increased $45 million or 4 percent in 2016 compared to 2015, and $52 million or 5 percent in 2015 compared to 2014. the increase in 2016 was primarily driven by strong momentum in our lending growth initiatives, resulting in higher loan balances, increased net write-offs in the current year and a slight increase in delinquencies, partially offset by the impact of the hfs portfolios, as the current year does not reflect the associated credit costs, as previously mentioned. the increase in 2015 primarily reflects a reserve build versus a reserve release in 2014. the reserve build in 2015 was due to a small increase in delinquency rates combined with an increase in loan balances, partially offset by lower write-offs and the impact related to transferring the hfs portfolios to card member loans and receivables hfs in december 2015.
1                                                                                                                                               the foreign currency adjusted information assumes a constant exchange rate between the periods being compared for purposes of currency translation into u.s. dollars (i.e., assumes the foreign exchange rates used to determine results for the current period apply to the corresponding period against which such results are being compared). fx-adjusted revenues and expenses constitute non-gaap measures. we believe the presentation of information on a foreign currency adjusted basis is helpful to investors by making it easier to compare our performance in one period to that of another period without the variability caused by fluctuations in currency exchange rates.
other provision for losses increased $34 million or 56 percent in 2016 compared to 2015, and decreased $53 million or 46 percent in 2015 compared to 2014. the increase in 2016 was primarily driven by growth in the commercial financing portfolio resulting in higher net write-offs. the decrease in 2015 was primarily due to a merchant-related charge in the fourth quarter of 2014.
table 4: expenses summary years ended december 31,                                                                                                                                     change                              change
marketing and promotion                                                            $3,650             $3,109             $3,216          $541                  17 %         $(107    )             (3)%
total marketing, promotion, rewards and card member services and other             11,576             11,123             10,969           453                     4           154                     1
salaries and employee benefits                                                      5,259              4,976              6,095           283                     6        (1,119    )             (18)
(a)   beginning december 1, 2015 through to the sale completion dates, includes the valuation allowance adjustment associated with the hfs portfolios.
expenses marketing and promotion expenses increased $541 million or 17 percent in 2016 compared to 2015, and decreased $107 million or 3 percent in 2015 compared to 2014 (increasing 1 percent on an fx-adjusted basis), with higher levels of spending on growth initiatives in both periods.2
card member rewards expenses decreased $203 million or 3 percent in 2016 compared to 2015 and increased $65 million or 1 percent in 2015 compared to 2014. the decrease in 2016 was primarily driven by lower cobrand rewards expense of $518 million, primarily reflecting lower costco-related expenses and a shift in volumes to cash rebate cards for which the rewards costs are classified as contra-discount revenue, partially offset by increased spending volumes across other cobrand card products. the lower cobrand rewards expense was partially offset by higher membership rewards expense of $315 million, primarily driven by an increase in new points earned as a result of higher spending volumes, recent enhancements to u.s. consumer and small business platinum rewards and less of a decline in the weighted average cost (wac) per point. the increase in 2015 was primarily driven by higher cobrand rewards expense of $199 million, driven by rate impacts as a result of cobrand partnership renewal costs, partially offset by a decrease in membership rewards expense of $134 million. the latter was primarily driven by slower growth in the ultimate redemption rate (urr) and a decline in the wac per point assumption, including the impact of the $109 million charge in the fourth quarter of 2014 related to the delta partnership renewal, partially offset by increased expenses related to new points earned, driven by higher spending volumes.
the membership rewards urr for current program participants was 95 percent (rounded down) at december 31, 2016, compared to 95 percent (rounded down) at december 31, 2015, and 95 percent (rounded up) at december 31, 2014.
card member services and other expenses increased $115 million or 11 percent in 2016 compared to 2015, and $196 million or 24 percent in 2015 compared to 2014. the increase in 2016 was primarily driven by increased usage of travel-related benefits. the increase in 2015 was primarily due to higher costs related to certain previously renewed cobrand partnership agreements.
salaries and employee benefits expenses increased $283 million or 6 percent in 2016 compared to 2015, and decreased $1.1 billion or 18 percent in 2015 compared to 2014. the increase in 2016 was primarily driven by higher restructuring charges in the current year. the decrease in 2015 was primarily due to the business travel joint venture transaction (resulting in a lack of comparability between periods).
other expenses decreased $1.6 billion or 24 percent in 2016 compared to 2015, and increased $704 million or 12 percent in 2015 compared to 2014. the decrease in 2016 was primarily driven by the gains on the sales of the hfs portfolios in the current year, as well as goodwill and technology impairment charges in the prior year. the increase in 2015 reflects the net gain from the gbt jv transaction in 2014 and the goodwill and technology impairment charges in 2015, partially offset by the reassessment of the functional currency of certain uk legal entities, other fx-related activity and a litigation reserve release in 2015.
2   refer to footnote 1 on page 39 for details regarding foreign currency adjusted information.
income taxes the effective tax rate was 33.2 percent in 2016 compared to 35.0 percent in 2015 and 34.5 percent in 2014. the tax rates for 2016, 2015, and 2014 include benefits of $60 million, $33 million, and expenses of $40 million, respectively, related to the resolution of certain prior years’ items. the tax rate for 2015 also includes the impact of the nondeductible portion of the goodwill impairment charge mentioned previously. the changes in tax rates primarily reflected the level of pretax income in relation to recurring permanent tax benefits and the geographic mix of business.
table 5: selected statistical information change            change years ended december 31,              2016                             2015                  2014         2016 vs. 2015     2015 vs. 2014
card billed business: (billions)
united states                                  $700.4                $721.8                $688.1                  (3)%               5 %
outside the united states                       337.1                 317.9                 334.7                     6               (5)
total cards-in-force:
united states                                    47.5                  57.6                  54.9                  (18)                 5
outside the united states                        62.4                  60.2                  57.3                     4                 5
basic cards-in-force:
united states                                    37.4                  44.8                  42.6                  (17)                 5
outside the united states                        51.7                  49.5                  47.0                     4                 5
united states                                 $18,808               $18,066               $17,947                     4                 1
outside the united states                     $13,073               $12,971               $14,070                     1               (8)
united states                                   $58.3                 $51.5                 $62.6                    13              (18)
outside the united states                         7.0                   7.1                   7.8                   (1)               (9)
(a)   average basic card member spending and average fee per card are computed from proprietary card activities only. average fee per card is computed based on net card fees divided by average worldwide proprietary cards-in-force.
table 6: selected statistical information
(decrease)                 no changes in fx               (decrease)                 no changes in fx rates                                                  rates(a)
total billed business                                                                   —   %                            1     %                  2   %                          6 %
proprietary billed business                                                           (1)                              (1)                        1                                4
gns billed business(c)                                                                  6                               10                        3                               15
(8% of worldwide billed business for both 2016 and 2015)                                                                                        (5)                                1
united states(b)
billed business                                                                       (3)                                                         5
proprietary consumer card billed business(d)                                          (7)                                                         5
proprietary small business and corporate services billed                                2                                                         4
business(e)
(25% and 26% of u.s. billed business for 2016 and 2015, respectively)                 (3)                                                         4
(75% and 74% of u.s. billed business for 2016 and 2015, respectively)                 (3)                                                         5
(7% of u.s. billed business for both 2016 and 2015)                                   (7)                                                       (2)
outside the united states(b)
billed business                                                                         6                               10                      (5)                                8
japan, asia pacific &amp; australia (japa) billed business                             14                               14                        4                               15
latin america &amp; canada (lacc) billed business                                     (6)                                6                     (18)                              (3)
europe, the middle east &amp; africa (emea) billed business                             2                                8                      (5)                                8
proprietary consumer card billed business(c)                                            4                                8                     (12)                                —
proprietary small business and corporate services billed                                3   %                            7     %               (10)   %                          3 %
business(e)
(a)   the foreign currency adjusted information assumes a constant exchange rate between the periods being compared for purposes of currency translation into u.s. dollars (i.e., assumes the foreign exchange rates used to determine results for the current year apply to the corresponding prior year period against which such results are being compared).
(b)   captions in the table above not designated as “proprietary” or “gns” include both proprietary and gns data.
table 7: selected statistical information as of or for the years ended december 31,                                                                                                                       change            change
provisions (b)                                                                               1,235                 1,190                   1,138                     4                 5
net write-offs — principal only (c)                                                          (930)                 (967)                 (1,023)                   (4)               (5)
net write-offs — interest and fees (c)                                                       (175)                 (162)                   (164)                     8               (1)
transfer of reserves on hfs loan portfolios                                                      —                 (224)                       —                     #                 #
net write-off rate — principal only (e)                                                        1.6   %               1.4   %                 1.5   %
net write-off rate — principal, interest and fees (e)                                          1.8   %               1.7   %                 1.8   %
provisions (b)                                                                                 696                   737                     792                   (6)               (7)
net write-offs (c)                                                                           (674)                 (713)                   (683)                   (5)                 4
net write-off rate — principal only (e)                                                        1.5   %               1.8   %                 1.7   %
net write-off rate — principal and fees (e)                                                    1.8   %               2.0   %                 1.9   %
(a)   beginning december 1, 2015 through to the sale completion dates, does not reflect the hfs portfolios.
(b)   reflects provisions for principal, interest and/or fees on card member loans and receivables. refer to table 3 footnote (a).
(c)   write-offs, less recoveries.
(d)   2016 includes reserves associated with card member loans reclassified from hfs to held for investment. refer to changes in card member loans reserve for losses under note 4 to the “consolidated financial statements” for additional information.
(e)                                    we present a net write-off rate based on principal losses only (i.e., excluding interest and/or fees) to be consistent with industry convention. in addition, because we consider uncollectible interest and/or fees in our reserves for credit losses, a net write-off rate including principal, interest and/or fees is also presented. the net write-off rates and 30+ days past due as a percentage of total for card member receivables relate to uscs, icns and global small business services (gsbs) card member receivables. the twelve months ended december 31, 2015 reflect the impact of a change in the timing of charge-offs for card member loans and receivables in certain modification programs from 180 days past due to 120 days past due.
(f)   2015 includes the impact of the transfer of the hfs receivables portfolio, which was not significant.
interest expense not attributable to our card member loan portfolio               984                   952                  993
interest income not attributable to our card member loan portfolio              (403)                 (357)                (308)
average loans including hfs loan portfolios                                     $65.8                 $69.0                $66.0
(a)                             adjusted net interest income and net interest yield on card member loans are non-gaap measures. refer to “glossary of selected terminology” for definitions of these terms. we believe adjusted net interest income is useful to investors because it is a component of net interest yield on card member loans, which provides a measure of profitability of our card member loan portfolio.
(b)   beginning december 1, 2015 through to the sale completion dates, for the purposes of the calculation of net interest yield on card member loans, average loans included the hfs loan portfolios.
business segment results we consider a combination of factors when evaluating the composition of our reportable operating segments, including the results reviewed by the chief operating decision maker, economic characteristics, products and services offered, classes of customers, product distribution channels, geographic considerations (primarily united states versus outside the united states) and regulatory considerations. refer to note 25 to the “consolidated financial statements” for additional discussion of the products and services by segment.
effective for the first quarter of 2016, we realigned our segment presentation to reflect the organizational changes announced during the fourth quarter of 2015. prior periods have been restated to conform to the new reportable operating segments, which are as follows:
•   uscs, including the proprietary u.s. consumer card services business and consumer travel services in the united states;
•   icns, including the proprietary international consumer card services business, gns business and consumer travel services outside the united states;
•   gcs, including the proprietary global corporate payments (gcp) business, small business services businesses in the united states and internationally (collectively, gsbs), commercial financing products and foreign exchange services operations; and
•   gms, including the global merchant services business and global loyalty coalition businesses.
corporate functions and certain other businesses and operations, including our prepaid services business and the american express global business travel (gbt) operations up to june 30, 2014, and subsequent activities related to the gbt jv, are included in corporate & other.
results of the business segments generally treat each segment as a stand-alone business. the management reporting process that derives these results allocates revenue and expense using various methodologies as described below.
total revenues net of interest expense we allocate discount revenue and certain other revenues among segments using a transfer pricing methodology. within the uscs, icns and gcs segments, discount revenue generally reflects the issuer component of the overall discount revenue generated by each segment’s card members; within the gms segment, discount revenue generally reflects the network and acquirer component of the overall discount revenue.
interest and fees on loans and certain investment income is directly attributable to the segment in which it is reported. interest expense represents an allocated funding cost based on a combination of segment funding requirements and internal funding rates.
provisions for losses the provisions for losses are directly attributable to the segment in which they are reported.
expenses marketing and promotion expenses are included in each segment based on the actual expenses incurred. global brand advertising is primarily reflected in corporate & other and may be allocated to the segments based on the actual expense incurred. rewards and card member services expenses are included in each segment based on the actual expenses incurred within the segment.
salaries and employee benefits and other operating expenses reflect expenses such as professional services, occupancy and equipment and communications incurred directly within each segment. in addition, expenses related to support services, such as technology costs, are allocated to each segment primarily based on support service activities directly attributable to the segment. other overhead expenses, such as staff group support functions, are allocated from corporate & other to the other segments based on a mix of each segment’s direct consumption of services and relative level of pretax income.
capital each business segment is allocated capital based on established business model operating requirements, risk measures and regulatory capital requirements. the business model operating requirements reflect the capital needed to support operations and specific balance sheet items. the risk measures reflect considerations for credit, market and operational risk.
income taxes an income tax provision (benefit) is allocated to each business segment based on the effective tax rates applicable to the various businesses that comprise the segment.
u.s. consumer services table 9: uscs selected income statement data years ended december 31,                                                                                                                                               change                         change
provisions for losses                                                           1,065                  1,064                  1,030                   1                     -        34                    3
total revenues net of interest expense after provisions for losses             11,355                 12,125                 11,536               (770)                   (6)       589                    5
expenses marketing, promotion, rewards, card member services and other                   5,416                  5,382                  4,982                  34                     1       400                    8
salaries and employee benefits and other operating expenses                     2,058                  3,066                  3,052             (1,008)                  (33)        14                    —
income tax provision                                                            1,368                  1,322                  1,283                  46                     3        39                    3
uscs issues a wide range of proprietary consumer cards and provides services to consumers in the united states, including consumer travel services.
total revenues net of interest expense non-interest revenues decreased $605 million or 7 percent in 2016 compared to 2015, primarily due to lower discount revenue, which decreased $632 million or 10 percent, reflecting lower costco-related revenues and increases in contra-discount revenue, such as cash rebate rewards. the decrease in discount revenue was partially offset by an increase in net card fees, resulting from growth in the platinum, gold and delta portfolios. billed business decreased 7 percent in 2016 compared to 2015, primarily driven by lower costco-related volumes.
total revenues net of interest expense increased $623 million or 5 percent in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily driven by higher discount revenue, as a result of 5 percent growth in billed business, partially offset by a decline in the average discount rate and increases in contra-discount revenues, such as cash rebate rewards. the increase also reflected higher net interest income, primarily driven by higher average card member loans, partially offset by higher interest expense.
provisions for losses overall, provisions for losses was relatively flat. card member loans provision for losses increased $16 million or 2 percent, primarily driven by strong momentum in our lending growth initiatives resulting in higher loan balances, increased net write-offs in the current year and a slight increase in delinquencies, partially offset by the impact of the hfs portfolios as the current year does not reflect the associated credit costs. other provision for losses increased $15 million in 2016 as compared to 2015, due to growth in the non-card lending portfolio.
provisions for losses increased $34 million or 3 percent in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily due to a small increase in card member loan delinquency rates combined with an increase in loan balances, partially offset by a charge card provision reserve release in 2015 versus a reserve build in 2014 and the impact related to transferring the hfs portfolios to card member loans and receivables hfs in december 2015.
refer to table 10 for the charge card and lending write-off rates for 2016, 2015 and 2014.
expenses marketing, promotion, rewards, card member services and other expenses was relatively flat in 2016 compared to 2015, reflecting lower card member rewards expenses, offset by increases in marketing and promotion and card member services expenses. card member rewards expense decreased $311 million or 8 percent in 2016 compared to 2015, primarily driven by lower cobrand reward expense of $435 million, partially offset by an increase in membership rewards expense of $124 million. the decrease in cobrand reward expense was primarily driven by lower costco-related expenses, partially offset by increased spending volumes across other
cobrand card products. the increase in membership rewards expense was primarily driven by an increase in new points earned as a result of higher spending volumes, recent enhancements to platinum card rewards and less of a decline in the wac per point. marketing and promotion expenses increased $279 million or 25 percent in 2016 compared to 2015, reflecting elevated levels of spending on growth initiatives. card member services and other expenses increased $66 million or 12 percent in 2016 compared to 2015, primarily driven by increased usage of new benefits.
salaries and employee benefits and other operating expenses decreased $1 billion or 33 percent in 2016 compared to 2015. the decrease primarily reflects the gains on the sales of the hfs portfolios in the current year, which were recognized as an expense reduction in other expenses, partially offset by restructuring charges in the current year.
total expenses increased $414 million in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily driven by higher marketing, promotion, rewards, card member services and other expenses, which reflected higher cobrand rewards expense due to higher spending volumes and rate increases (due in part to previously renewed cobrand partnership agreements). the increase also reflected higher other expenses, primarily driven by higher spending on growth initiatives and the december 2015 valuation allowance adjustment related to the hfs portfolios mentioned previously, partially offset by lower card-related fraud losses in 2015 and a change in the estimated value of certain investments in our community reinvestment act of 1977 (the cra) portfolio in 2014.
table 10: uscs selected statistical information as of or for the years ended december 31,                 2016                           2015                 2014                         change                          change
card billed business (billions)                                   $345.3               $370.1               $353.6                           (7)%                             5 %
charge card billed business as a % of total                         34.7   %             32.4   %             33.7   %
total cards-in-force                                                32.7                 40.7                 38.3            (20)                          6
basic cards-in-force                                                23.3                 28.6                 26.8            (19)                          7
total segment assets (billions)                                    $87.4                $92.7                $89.7             (6)                          3
segment capital                                                     $7.2                 $7.2                 $7.6               —                        (5)
return on average segment capital (a)                               34.9   %             31.1   %             30.2   %          12
net write-off rate — principal only (c)                              1.5   %              1.4   %              1.5   %
net write-off rate — principal, interest and fees (c)                1.8   %              1.6   %              1.7   %
card member loan portfolio interest income not attributable to our                             (24)                 (15)                 (11)
card member loan portfolio adjusted net interest income (d)                                  $4,602               $4,767               $4,430
average loans including hfs loan portfolios                        $49.4                $52.1                $48.7
net write-off rate — principal only (c)                              1.4   %              1.6   %              1.7   %
net write-off rate — principal and fees (c)                          1.6   %              1.8   %              1.9   %
(a)   return on average segment capital is calculated by dividing (i) one-year period segment income ($2.5 billion, $2.4 billion and $2.2 billion for 2016, 2015 and
2014, respectively), by (ii) one-year average segment capital ($7.2 billion, $7.6 billion and $7.3 billion for 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively).
(d)                           adjusted net interest income and net interest yield on card member loans are non-gaap measures. refer to “glossary of selected terminology” for the definitions of these terms. we believe adjusted net interest income is useful to investors because it is a component of net interest yield on card member loans, which provides a measure of profitability of our card member loan portfolio.
international consumer and network services table 11: icns selected income statement data years ended december 31,                                                                                                                                        change                              change
provisions for losses                                                            325                   300                   354              25                     8          (54)                  (15)
total revenues net of interest expense after provisions for losses             5,163                 5,037                 5,500             126                     3         (463)                   (8)
expenses marketing, promotion, rewards, card member services and other                  2,177                 1,980                 2,163             197                    10         (183)                   (8)
salaries and employee benefits and other operating expenses                    2,168                 2,153                 2,450              15                     1         (297)                  (12)
income tax provision                                                             163                   220                   194            (57)                  (26)            26                    13
icns issues a wide range of proprietary consumer cards outside the united states and enters into partnership agreements with third-party card issuers and acquirers, licensing the american express brand and extending the reach of the global network. it also provides travel services to consumers outside the united states.
total revenues net of interest expense non-interest revenues increased $158 million or 3 percent in 2016 compared to 2015, primarily driven by higher discount revenue due to an increase in both proprietary and non-proprietary (i.e., gns) billed business, as well as higher net card fees. the increase also reflected a contractual payment from a gns partner in the second quarter of 2016. total billed business increased 5 percent in 2016 compared to 2015, primarily due to increases in both proprietary and gns cards-in-force and average spend per card. refer to tables 6 and 12 for additional information on billed business by region.
net interest income decreased $7 million or 1 percent in 2016 compared to 2015. interest income decreased $23 million or 2 percent, while fx-adjusted interest income increased 8 percent, primarily driven by higher average fx-adjusted loan balances.3 interest expense decreased $16 million or 7 percent, while fx-adjusted interest expense increased 4 percent driven by higher fx-adjusted funding costs.3
total revenues net of interest expense decreased $517 million or 9 percent in 2015 compared to 2014, and fx-adjusted total revenues net of interest expense increased 4 percent.3 the increase was primarily driven by foreign exchange conversion fees and net revenues earned on cross-border card member spending, as well as higher net interest income and net card fees. the increase also reflected higher gns revenues.
provisions for losses provisions for losses increased $25 million or 8 percent in 2016 compared to 2015, driven primarily by higher net write-offs.
provisions for losses decreased $54 million or 15 percent (and decreased 1 percent on an fx-adjusted basis) in 2015 compared to 2014.3 refer to table 12 for card member loans and receivables write-off rates for 2016, 2015 and 2014.
expenses marketing, promotion, rewards, card member services and other expenses increased $197 million or 10 percent in 2016 compared to 2015, primarily driven by higher levels of spending on growth initiatives.
total expenses decreased $480 million or 10 percent in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily driven by higher restructuring charges in 2014.
income tax provision decreased $57 million or 26 percent in 2016 compared to 2015 and increased $26 million or 13 percent in 2015 compared to 2014. the effective tax rate in all periods reflects the recurring permanent tax benefit related to the segment’s ongoing funding activities outside the united states, which is allocated to icns under our internal tax allocation process. the effective tax rates for all periods also reflect the allocated share of tax benefits related to the resolution of certain prior-years’ items. in addition, the
3    refer to footnote 1 on page 39 for details regarding foreign currency adjusted information.
effective tax rate in each of the periods reflects the impact of recurring permanent tax benefits on varying levels of pretax income.
table 12: icns selected statistical information as of or for the years ended december 31,                                                                                        change            change
card billed business (billions)
total cards-in-force proprietary                                                         15.0                 14.6                15.1                     3               (3)
cards-in-force average proprietary basic card member spending (dollars)         $10,386              $10,308             $11,223                     1               (8)
total segment assets (billions)                                    $35.7                $35.1               $31.0                     2                13
segment capital                                                     $2.5                 $2.6                $2.6                   (4)                 -
return on average segment capital (a)                               25.4   %             23.8   %            26.6   %                 7
net write-off rate — principal only (c)                              2.0   %              1.9   %             2.0   %
net write-off rate — principal, interest and fees (c)                2.5   %              2.4   %             2.4   %
card member loan portfolio interest income not attributable to our                              (7)                 (18)                 (4)
card member loan portfolio adjusted net interest income (d)                                    $740                 $748                $822
net write-off rate — principal only (c)                              2.0   %              2.1   %             2.0   %
net write-off rate — principal and fees (c)                          2.2   %              2.3   %             2.1   %
(a)   return on average segment capital is calculated by dividing (i) one-year period segment income ($655 million, $684 million and $693 million for 2016, 2015 and
2014, respectively) by (ii) one-year average segment capital ($2.6 billion, $2.9 billion and $2.6 billion for 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively).
(d)                           adjusted net interest income and net interest yield on card member loans are non-gaap measures. refer to “glossary of selected terminology” for the definitions of these terms. we believe adjusted net interest income is useful to investors because it is a component of net interest yield on card member loans, which provides a measure of profitability of our card member loan portfolio.
global commercial services table 13: gcs selected income statement data years ended december 31,                                                                                                                                           change                               change
provisions for losses                                                            604                   588                    569                16                     3            19                      3
total revenues net of interest expense after provisions for losses             9,211                 9,152                  9,619                59                     1         (467)                    (5)
expenses marketing, promotion, rewards, card member services and other                  3,398                 3,142                  3,069               256                     8            73                      2
salaries and employee benefits and other operating expenses                    2,868                 2,846                  2,827                22                     1            19                      1
income tax provision                                                           1,036                 1,142                  1,381             (106)                   (9)         (239)                   (17)
gcs issues a wide range of proprietary corporate and small business cards and provides payment and expense management services globally. in addition, gcs provides commercial financing products.
total revenues net of interest expense non-interest revenues were relatively flat in 2016 compared to 2015, reflecting lower costco-related revenues. billed business increased by 2 percent in 2016 compared to 2015.
total revenues net of interest expense decreased $448 million or 4 percent in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily due to the gain on the sale of our investment in concur in 2014, partially offset by higher net interest income as a result of an increase in average card member loans (including card member loans hfs), and higher discount revenue primarily from higher u.s. small business billed business.
provisions for losses provisions for losses increased $16 million or 3 percent in 2016 compared to 2015, and $19 million or 3 percent in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily driven in both periods by growth in the commercial financing portfolio resulting in higher net write-offs.
expenses marketing, promotion, rewards, card member services and other expenses increased $256 million or 8 percent in 2016 compared to 2015, primarily driven by both increased marketing and promotion expenses as a result of higher levels of spending on growth initiatives, and higher card member rewards expenses resulting from higher spending volumes, partially offset by lower costco-related rewards expenses.
salaries and employee benefits and other operating expenses remained relatively flat in 2016 compared to 2015, reflecting restructuring charges and higher operating expenses, including technology development and professional fees, offset by the gains recognized in the segment on the sales of the hfs portfolios.
total expenses increased $92 million or 2 percent in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily due to higher spending on growth initiatives, including marketing and promotion expenses, technology development and higher professional services costs, partially offset by a restructuring charge taken in 2014.
table 14: gcs selected statistical information as of or for the years ended december 31,                                                                                              change            change
card billed business (billions)                                        $408.0               $398.6               $394.6                   2 %               1 %
total cards-in-force                                                     13.6                 15.1                 14.8                  (10)                 2
basic cards-in-force                                                     13.6                 15.1                 14.8                  (10)                 2
total segment assets (billions)                                         $46.5                $45.1                $44.2                     3                 2
segment capital (billions)                                               $7.0                 $7.0                 $6.9                     —                 1
return on average segment capital (a)                                    26.4   %             28.7   %             34.9   %
net write-off rate (principal only) - gsbs(c)                             1.4   %              1.3   %              1.5   %
net write-off rate (principal, interest and fees) - gsbs(c)               1.7   %              1.5   %              1.8   %
card member loan portfolio interest income not attributable to our                                 (111)                 (94)                 (50)
card member loan portfolio adjusted net interest income(d)                                        $1,010               $1,002                 $904
average loans including hfs loan portfolios                              $9.7                 $9.9                 $9.1
net write-off rate (principal only) - gsbs(c)                             1.5   %              1.8   %              1.6   %
net write-off rate (principal, interest and fees) - gsbs(c)               1.7   %              2.1   %              1.8   %
(a)   return on average segment capital is calculated by dividing (i) one-year period segment income ($1.9 billion, $2.0 billion and $2.3 billion for 2016, 2015 and
2014, respectively) by (ii) one-year average segment capital ($7.2 billion, $7.0 billion and $6.7 billion for 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively).
(d)                           adjusted net interest income and net interest yield on card member loans are non-gaap measures. refer to “glossary of selected terminology” for the definitions of these terms. we believe adjusted net interest income is useful to investors because it is a component of net interest yield on card member loans, which provides a measure of profitability of our card member loan portfolio.
(f)                for gcp card member receivables, delinquency data is tracked based on days past billing status rather than days past due. a card member account is considered 90 days past billing if payment has not been received within
90 days of the card member’s billing statement date. in addition, if we initiate collection procedures on an account prior to the account becoming 90 days past billing, the associated card member receivable balance is classified as 90 days past billing. these amounts are shown above as 90+ days past due for presentation purposes.
global merchant services table 15: gms selected income statement data years ended december 31,                                                                                                                                          change                              change
provisions for losses                                                             25                    31                    79               (6)                  (19)          (48)                  (61)
total revenues net of interest expense after provisions for losses             4,448                 4,652                 4,781             (204)                   (4)         (129)                   (3)
expenses marketing, promotion, rewards, card member services and other                    232                   294                   303              (62)                  (21)           (9)                   (3)
salaries and employee benefits and other operating expenses                    1,921                 1,977                 2,148              (56)                   (3)         (171)                   (8)
income tax provision                                                             837                   882                   872              (45)                   (5)            10                     1
gms operates a global payments network that processes and settles proprietary and non-proprietary card transactions. gms acquires merchants and provides multi-channel marketing programs and capabilities, services and data analytics, leveraging our global closed-loop network. gms also operates loyalty coalition businesses in certain countries around the world.
net interest income increased $26 million or 12 percent in 2016 compared to 2015, reflecting a higher interest expense credit relating to internal transfer pricing and funding rates, which resulted in a net benefit for gms due to its merchant payables.
total revenues net of interest expense decreased $177 million or 4 percent in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily due to a decrease in non-interest revenues, reflecting the impact of changes in fx rates year-over-year, as well as a reduction in the interest expense credit.
provisions for losses provisions for losses decreased $6 million or 19 percent in 2016 compared to 2015, and decreased $48 million or 61 percent in 2015 compared to 2014. the decrease in 2016 was primarily driven by lower net write-offs. the decrease in 2015 was primarily due to a merchant-related charge in the fourth quarter of 2014.
expenses marketing, promotion, rewards, card member services and other expenses decreased $62 million or 21 percent in 2016 compared to 2015, primarily driven by higher marketing and promotion expenses related to our global loyalty coalition businesses in the prior year.
salaries and employee benefits and other operating expenses decreased $56 million or 3 percent in 2016 compared to 2015, primarily driven by growth of the optblue program, which does not entail merchant acquirer payments, combined with lower fraud expenses.
total expenses decreased $180 million or 7 percent in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily driven by a litigation reserve release in the third quarter of 2015, and a restructuring charge taken in 2014.
table 16: gms selected statistical information as of or for the years ended december 31,                                                                           change            change
loyalty coalition revenue                                   $410              $378              $383                   8 %              (1)%
total segment assets (billions)                            $24.3             $23.5             $17.8                     3                32
segment capital (billions)                                  $2.5              $2.4              $2.1                   4 %              14 %
return on average segment capital (a)                       60.2   %          64.8   %          69.6   %
(a)   return on average segment capital is calculated by dividing (i) one-year period segment income ($1.5 billion for each of 2016, 2015 and 2014) by (ii) one-year average segment capital ($2.4 billion, $2.3 billion and $2.1 billion for 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively).
corporate & other corporate functions and certain other businesses, including our prepaid services business and other operations, are included in corporate & other.
corporate & other net expense was $1.1 billion, $1.4 billion and $827 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. the decrease in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily driven by the previously mentioned impairment charges in the prior year and higher income from our prepaid services business in the current year, all partially offset by restructuring charges in the current year and the benefit in the prior year from the reassessment of the functional currency of certain uk legal entities and other fx-related activity. the increase in 2015 was driven by the impairment charges, plus restructuring charges. these 2015 charges were partially offset by higher restructuring charges in 2014 and the benefit from the reassessment of the functional currency of certain uk legal entities in 2015.
results for all periods included net interest expense related to maintaining the liquidity requirements discussed in “consolidated capital resources and liquidity – liquidity management,” as well as interest expense related to other corporate indebtedness.
consolidated capital resources and liquidity our balance sheet management objectives are to maintain:
•   a solid and flexible equity capital profile;
•   a broad, deep and diverse set of funding sources to finance our assets and meet operating requirements; and
•   liquidity programs that enable us to continuously meet expected future financing obligations and business requirements for at least a twelve-month period, even in the event we are unable to continue to raise new funds under our traditional funding programs during a substantial weakening in economic conditions.
capital strategy our objective is to retain sufficient levels of capital generated through earnings and other sources to maintain a solid equity capital base and to provide flexibility to support future business growth. we believe capital allocated to growing businesses with a return on risk-adjusted equity in excess of our costs will generate shareholder value.
the level and composition of our consolidated capital position are determined through our internal capital adequacy assessment process, which takes into account our business activities, as well as marketplace conditions and requirements or expectations of credit rating agencies, regulators and shareholders, among others. our consolidated capital position is also influenced by subsidiary capital requirements. as a bank holding company, we are also subject to regulatory requirements administered by the u.s. federal banking agencies. the federal reserve has established specific capital adequacy guidelines that involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities and certain off-balance sheet items.
we report our capital ratios using the basel iii capital definitions, inclusive of transition provisions, and the basel iii standardized approach for calculating risk-weighted assets (see section on transitional basel iii). the basel iii standards will be fully phased in by january 1, 2019 (see section on fully phased-in basel iii).
we also report capital adequacy standards on a parallel basis to regulators under basel requirements for advanced approaches institutions. the parallel period will continue until we receive regulatory approval to exit parallel reporting, at which point we will begin publicly disclosing regulatory risk-based capital ratios using both the standardized and advanced approaches, and will be required to use the lower of the regulatory risk-based capital ratios based on the standardized or advanced approaches to determine whether we are in compliance with minimum capital requirements.
the following table presents our regulatory risk-based capital ratios and leverage ratios and those of our significant bank subsidiaries, american express centurion bank (centurion bank) and american express bank, fsb (american express bank), as of december 31, 2016.
table 17: regulatory risk-based capital and leverage ratios basel          ratios as of iii standards          december 31,
risk-based capital common equity tier 1                           5.1   %
tier 1 leverage                                4.0
supplementary leverage ratio (b)               3.0   %
(a)   transitional basel iii minimum capital requirement and additional capital conservation buffer as defined by the federal reserve for calendar year 2016 for advanced approaches institutions.
(b)   the minimum supplementary leverage ratio (slr) requirement of 3 percent is effective january 1, 2018.
table 18: regulatory risk-based capital components and risk-weighted assets american express company ($ in                                   december 31, billions)                                                                2016
risk-based capital common equity tier 1                                                    $16.1
tier 1 capital                                                           17.7
tier 2 capital(a)                                                         2.2
total capital                                                            19.9
risk-weighted assets                                                    131.0
average total assets to calculate the tier 1 leverage ratio             152.7
total leverage exposure to calculate slr                               $177.5
(a)   tier 2 capital is the sum of the allowance for loan and receivable losses (limited to 1.25 percent of risk-weighted assets) and $600 million of subordinated notes adjusted for capital held by insurance subsidiaries.
we seek to maintain capital levels and ratios in excess of the minimum regulatory requirements and finance such capital in a cost efficient manner; failure to maintain minimum capital levels could affect our status as a financial holding company and cause the regulatory agencies with oversight of american express, centurion bank and american express bank to take actions that could limit our business operations.
our primary source of equity capital has been the generation of net income. historically, capital generated through net income and other sources, such as the exercise of stock options by employees, has exceeded the annual growth in our capital requirements. to the extent capital has exceeded business, regulatory and rating agency requirements, we have historically returned excess capital to shareholders through our regular common share dividend and share repurchase program.
we maintain certain flexibility to shift capital across our businesses as appropriate. for example, we may infuse additional capital into subsidiaries to maintain capital at targeted levels in consideration of debt ratings and regulatory requirements. these infused amounts can affect the capital profile and liquidity levels at the american express parent company level. we do not currently intend or foresee a need to shift capital from non-u.s. subsidiaries with permanently reinvested earnings to a u.s. parent company.
the following are definitions for our regulatory risk-based capital ratios and leverage ratio, which are calculated as per standard regulatory guidance:
risk-weighted assets — assets are weighted for risk according to a formula used by the federal reserve to conform to capital adequacy guidelines. on- and off-balance sheet items are weighted for risk, with off-balance sheet items converted to balance sheet equivalents, using risk conversion factors, before being allocated a risk-adjusted weight. off-balance sheet exposures comprise a minimal part of the total risk-weighted assets.
common equity tier 1 risk-based capital ratio — calculated as common equity tier 1 capital (cet1), divided by risk-weighted assets. cet1 is the sum of common shareholders’ equity, adjusted for ineligible goodwill and intangible assets, certain deferred tax assets, as well as certain other comprehensive income items as follows: net unrealized gains/losses on securities and derivatives, and net unrealized pension and other postretirement benefit/losses, all net of tax and subject to transition provisions.
tier 1 risk-based capital ratio — calculated as tier 1 capital divided by risk-weighted assets. tier 1 capital is the sum of cet1, our perpetual preferred stock and third-party non-controlling interests in consolidated subsidiaries adjusted for capital to be held by insurance subsidiaries and deferred tax assets from net operating losses not deducted from cet1. the minimum requirement for the tier 1 risk-based capital ratio is 1.5 percent higher than the minimum for the cet1 risk-based capital ratio. we have $1.6 billion of preferred shares outstanding to help address a portion of the tier 1 capital requirements in excess of common equity requirements.
total risk-based capital ratio — calculated as the sum of tier 1 capital and tier 2 capital, divided by risk-weighted assets. tier 2 capital is the sum of the allowance for loan and receivable losses (limited to 1.25 percent of risk-weighted assets), a portion of the unrealized gains on equity securities, and $600 million of subordinated notes adjusted for capital held by insurance subsidiaries.
tier 1 leverage ratio — calculated by dividing tier 1 capital by our average total consolidated assets for the most recent quarter.
supplementary leverage ratio — calculated by dividing tier 1 capital by total leverage exposure under basel iii. leverage exposure, which reflects average total consolidated assets with adjustments for tier 1 capital deductions, average off-balance sheet derivatives exposures, securities purchased under agreements to resell and credit equivalents of undrawn commitments that are both conditionally and unconditionally cancellable.
fully phased-in basel iii basel iii, when fully phased in, will require bank holding companies and their bank subsidiaries to maintain more capital than prior requirements, with a greater emphasis on common equity. the following table presents our estimates for our regulatory risk-based capital ratios and leverage ratios had basel iii been fully phased in as of december 31, 2016. these ratios are calculated using the standardized approach for determining risk-weighted assets. as noted previously, we are currently taking steps toward basel iii advanced approaches implementation in the united states. we believe the presentation of these ratios is helpful to investors by showing the impact of future regulatory capital standards on our capital and leverage ratios.
table 19: estimated fully phased-in basel iii capital and leverage ratios
estimated common equity tier 1 ratio under fully phased-in basel iii(a)              11.8%
estimated tier 1 capital ratio under fully phased-in basel iii (a)                    13.0
estimated tier 1 leverage ratio under fully phased-in basel iii(b)                    11.2
estimated supplementary leverage ratio under fully phased-in basel                    9.7%
iii estimated risk-weighted assets under fully phased-in basel iii(c)                   $131.9
estimated average total assets to calculate the tier 1 leverage ratio(b)             152.4
estimated total leverage exposure to calculate slr under fully                      $177.2
(a)                       the fully phased-in basel iii common equity tier 1 and tier 1 risk-based capital ratios, non-gaap measures, are calculated as common equity tier 1 or tier 1 capital under fully phased-in basel iii rules, as applicable, divided by risk-weighted assets under fully phased-in basel iii rules. refer to table 20
for a reconciliation of common equity tier 1 and tier 1 capital under fully phased-in basel iii rules to common equity tier 1 and tier 1 capital under transitional basel iii rules.
(b)   the fully phased-in basel iii tier 1 and supplementary leverage ratios, non-gaap measures, are calculated by dividing fully phased-in basel iii tier 1 capital by our average total assets and fully phased-in total leverage exposure for supplementary leverage ratio purposes under fully phased-in basel iii, respectively.
(c)                                                              estimated fully phased-in basel iii risk-weighted assets, a non-gaap measure, reflect our basel iii risk-weighted assets, with all transition provisions fully phased in. this includes incremental risk weighting applied to deferred tax assets and significant investments in unconsolidated financial institutions, as well as exposures to past due accounts, equities and sovereigns.
(d)                              estimated fully phased-in basel iii leverage exposure, a non-gaap measure, reflects average total consolidated assets with adjustments for tier 1 capital deductions on a fully phased-in basis, off-balance sheet derivatives, undrawn conditionally and unconditionally cancellable commitments and other off-balance sheet liabilities.
the following table presents a comparison of our cet1 and tier 1 risk-based capital under transitional basel iii rules to our estimated cet1 and tier 1 risk-based capital under fully phased-in basel iii rules as of december 31, 2016.
table 20: transitional basel iii versus fully phased-in basel iii
risk-based capital under transitional basel iii                           $16.1         $17.7
transition provisions for intangible assets                               (0.3)         (0.3)
estimated cet1 and tier 1 risk-based capital under fully phased-in        $15.6         $17.2
basel iii fully phased-in basel iii risk-weighted assets — reflects our basel iii risk-weighted assets, with all transition provisions fully phased in. this includes incremental risk weighting applied to deferred tax assets and significant investments in unconsolidated financial institutions, as well as exposures to past due accounts, equities and sovereigns.
fully phased-in basel iii tier 1 leverage ratio — calculated by dividing fully phased-in basel iii tier 1 capital by our average total consolidated assets.
fully phased-in basel iii supplementary leverage ratio — calculated by dividing fully phased-in basel iii tier 1 capital by our fully phased-in total leverage exposure for supplementary leverage ratio purposes under fully phased-in basel iii.
share repurchases and dividends we return capital to common shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. the share repurchases reduce common shares outstanding and more than offset the issuance of new shares as part of employee compensation plans.
during the year ended december 31, 2016, we returned $5.5 billion to our shareholders in the form of common stock dividends ($1.1 billion) and share repurchases ($4.4 billion). we repurchased 70 million common shares at an average price of $63.11 in 2016. these dividend and share repurchase amounts collectively represent approximately 99 percent of total capital generated during the year.
in addition, during the year ended december 31, 2016, we had $750 million of non-cumulative perpetual preferred shares (the “series b preferred shares”) and $850 million of non-cumulative perpetual preferred shares (the “series c preferred shares”) outstanding. dividends declared and paid on series b and series c preferred shares during 2016 were $39 million and $41 million, respectively. for additional information on our preferred shares, refer to note 17 “common and preferred shares” and note 22 “earnings per common share (eps); preferred shares” to the “consolidated financial statements.”
funding strategy our principal funding objective is to maintain broad and well-diversified funding sources to allow us to meet our maturing obligations, cost-effectively finance current and future asset growth in our global businesses as well as to maintain a strong liquidity profile. the diversity of funding sources by type of instrument, by maturity and by investor base, among other factors, provides additional insulation from the impact of disruptions in any one type of instrument, maturity or investor. the mix of our funding in any period will seek to achieve cost efficiency consistent with both maintaining diversified sources and achieving our liquidity objectives. our funding strategy and activities are integrated into our asset-liability management activities. we have in place a funding policy covering american express company and all of our subsidiaries.
our proprietary card businesses are the primary asset-generating businesses, with significant assets in both domestic and international card member lending and receivable activities. our financing needs are in large part a consequence of our proprietary card-issuing businesses and the maintenance of a liquidity position to support all of our business activities, such as merchant payments. we generally pay merchants for card transactions prior to reimbursement by card members and therefore fund the merchant payments during the period card member loans and receivables are outstanding. we also have additional financing needs associated with general corporate purposes, including acquisition activities.
funding programs and activities we meet our funding needs through a variety of sources, including direct and third-party distributed deposits and debt instruments, such as senior unsecured debentures, asset securitizations, borrowings through secured borrowing facilities and a long-term committed bank borrowing facility.
we had the following consolidated debt and customer deposits outstanding as of december 31:
table 21: summary of consolidated debt and customer deposits
customer deposits                           53.0            55.0
total debt and customer deposits          $105.6          $107.9
management does not currently expect to make any significant changes to our funding programs in order to satisfy basel iii’s liquidity coverage ratio (lcr) standard based upon our current understanding of the requirements, which may be subject to change as we receive additional clarification and implementation guidance from regulators relating to the requirements and as the interpretation of requirements evolves over time.
our funding plan for the full year 2017 includes, among other sources, approximately $7 billion to $15 billion of unsecured term debt issuance and approximately $5 billion to $12 billion of secured term debt issuance. our funding plans are subject to various risks and uncertainties, such as future business growth, the impact of global economic, political and other events on market capacity, demand for securities offered by us, regulatory changes, ability to securitize and sell receivables, and the performance of receivables previously sold in securitization transactions. many of these risks and uncertainties are beyond our control.
our equity capital and funding strategies are designed, among other things, to maintain appropriate and stable unsecured debt ratings from the major credit rating agencies: moody’s investor services (moody’s), standard & poor’s (s&p), fitch ratings (fitch) and dominion bond rating services (dbrs). such ratings help support our access to cost-effective unsecured funding as part of our overall funding strategy. our asset securitization activities are rated separately.
table 22: unsecured debt ratings credit agency   american express entity                   short-term ratings   long-term ratings   outlook dbrs            all rated entities                        r-1 (middle)         a (high)            stable fitch           all rated entities                        f1                   a                   negative moody’s         trs and rated operating subsidiaries(a)   prime-1              a2                  stable moody’s         american express company                  prime-2              a3                  stable s&amp;p         trs(a)                                    n/a                  a-                  stable s&amp;p         other rated operating subsidiaries        a-2                  a-                  stable s&amp;p         american express company                  a-2                  bbb+                stable
downgrades in the ratings of our unsecured debt or asset securitization program securities could result in higher funding costs, as well as higher fees related to borrowings under our unused lines of credit. declines in credit ratings could also reduce our borrowing capacity in the unsecured debt and asset securitization capital markets. we believe our funding mix, including the proportion of u.s. retail deposits insured by the federal deposit insurance corporation (fdic), should reduce the impact that credit rating downgrades would have on our funding capacity and costs.
short-term funding programs short-term borrowings, such as commercial paper, are defined as any debt with an original maturity of twelve months or less, as well as interest-bearing overdrafts with banks. our short-term funding programs are used primarily to meet working capital needs, such as managing seasonal variations in receivables balances. the amount of short-term borrowings issued in the future will depend on our funding strategy, our needs and market conditions. as of december 31, 2016, we had $3.0 billion in commercial paper outstanding and we had an average of $0.5 billion in commercial paper outstanding during 2016. refer to note 9 to the “consolidated financial statements” for a further description of these borrowings.
deposit programs we offer deposits within our centurion bank and american express bank subsidiaries. these funds are currently insured up to $250,000 per account holder through the fdic. our ability to obtain deposit funding and offer competitive interest rates is dependent on the capital levels of centurion bank and american express bank. we, through american express bank, have a direct retail deposit program, personal savings from american express, to supplement our distribution of deposit products sourced through third-party distribution channels. the direct retail program makes fdic-insured certificates of deposit (cds) and high-yield savings account products available directly to consumers. as of december 31, 2016 we had $53.0 billion in customer deposits. refer to note 8 to the “consolidated financial statements” for a further description of these deposits.
long-term debt programs as of december 31, 2016 we had $47.0 billion in long-term debt outstanding. during 2016, we and our subsidiaries issued $3.8 billion of unsecured debt with maturities ranging from 3 to 5 years. refer to note 9 to the “consolidated financial statements” for a further description of these borrowings.
american express credit corporation:
asset securitization programs we periodically securitize card member loans and receivables arising from our card business, as the securitization market provides us with cost-effective funding. securitization of card member loans and receivables is accomplished through the transfer of those assets to a trust, which in turn issues securities collateralized by the transferred assets to third-party investors. the proceeds from issuance are distributed to us, through our wholly owned subsidiaries, as consideration for the transferred assets.
the loans and receivables being securitized are reported as card member loans and receivables on our “consolidated balance sheets,” and the related securities issued to third-party investors are reported as long-term debt.
under the respective terms of the securitization trust agreements, the occurrence of certain triggering events associated with the performance of the assets of each trust could result in payment of trust expenses, establishment of reserve funds, or in a worst-case scenario, early amortization of debt securities. during the twelve months ended december 31, 2016, no such triggering events occurred.
liquidity management we incur liquidity risk that arises in the course of offering our products and services. our liquidity objective is to maintain access to a diverse set of on- and off-balance sheet liquidity sources. we seek to maintain liquidity sources, even in the event we are unable to raise new funds under our regular funding programs during a substantial weakening in economic conditions, in amounts sufficient to meet our expected future financial obligations and business requirements for liquidity for a period of at least twelve months. our liquidity risk policy sets out our objectives and approach to managing liquidity risk.
the liquidity risks that we are exposed to could arise from a wide variety of scenarios. our liquidity management strategy thus
includes a number of elements, including, but not limited to:
•   maintaining diversified funding sources (refer to the “funding strategy” section for more details);
•   maintaining unencumbered liquid assets and off-balance sheet liquidity sources;
•   projecting cash inflows and outflows under a variety of economic and market scenarios;
•   establishing clear objectives for liquidity risk management, including compliance with regulatory requirements; or
•   incorporating liquidity risk management as appropriate into our capital adequacy framework.
we seek to maintain access to a diverse set of on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet liquidity sources, including cash and other liquid assets, committed bank credit facilities and asset securitization conduit facilities. through our u.s. bank subsidiaries, centurion bank and american express bank, we also hold collateral eligible for use at the federal reserve’s discount window.
the amount and type of liquidity resources we maintain can vary over time, based upon the results of stress scenarios required under dodd-frank and other regulatory measures of liquidity, such as the lcr, as well as additional stress scenarios required under our liquidity risk policy. these stress scenarios possess distinct characteristics, varying by cash flow assumptions, time horizon and qualifying liquidity sources, among other factors. scenarios under our liquidity risk policy include market-wide, firm-specific and combined liquidity stresses. the lcr rule prescribes cash flow assumptions over a 30-day period and establishes qualifying criteria for high-quality liquid assets. we consider other factors in determining the amount and type of liquidity we maintain, such as economic and financial market conditions, seasonality in business operations, growth in our businesses, potential acquisitions or dispositions, the cost and availability of alternative liquidity sources and credit rating agency guidelines and requirements. we were in compliance with the liquidity requirements to which we were subject, including the lcr, for the year ended december 31, 2016.
the investment income we receive on liquidity resources, such as cash, is less than the interest expense on the sources of funding for these balances. the net interest costs to maintain these resources have been substantial. the level of future net interest costs depends on the amount of liquidity resources we maintain and the difference between our cost of funding these amounts and their investment yields.
securitized borrowing capacity as of december 31, 2016, we maintained our committed, revolving, secured borrowing facility, with a maturity date of july 16, 2018, that gives us the right to sell up to $3.0 billion face amount of eligible aaa notes from the american express issuance trust ii (the charge trust). we also maintained our committed, revolving, secured borrowing facility, with a maturity date of september 17, 2018, that gives us the right to sell up to $2.0 billion face amount of eligible aaa certificates from the american express credit account master trust (the lending trust). both facilities are used in the ordinary course of business to fund seasonal working capital needs, as well as to further enhance our contingent funding resources. as of december 31, 2016, $3.0 billion was drawn on the charge trust facility, which was subsequently reduced to $0.7 billion on january 17, 2017. no amounts were drawn on the lending trust facility.
federal reserve discount window as insured depository institutions, centurion bank and american express bank may borrow from the federal reserve bank of san francisco, subject to the amount of qualifying collateral that they may pledge. the federal reserve has indicated that both credit and charge card receivables are a form of qualifying collateral for secured borrowings made through the discount window. whether specific assets will be considered qualifying collateral and the amount that may be borrowed against the collateral, remain at the discretion of the federal reserve.
we had approximately $57.0 billion as of december 31, 2016 in u.s. credit card loans and charge card receivables that could be sold over time through our securitization trusts or pledged in return for secured borrowings to provide further liquidity, subject in each case to applicable market conditions and eligibility criteria.
committed bank credit facility in addition to the secured borrowing facilities described earlier in this section, we maintained a committed syndicated bank credit facility as of december 31, 2016 of $3.0 billion, which expires on december 9, 2018. the availability of this credit line is subject to our compliance with certain financial covenants, principally the maintenance by american express credit corporation (credco) of a certain ratio of combined earnings and fixed charges to fixed charges. as of december 31, 2016, we were in compliance with each of our
covenants. as of december 31, 2016, no amounts were drawn on the committed credit facility. the capacity of the facility mainly served to further enhance our contingent funding resources.
our committed bank credit facility does not contain a material adverse change clause, which might otherwise preclude borrowing under the credit facility, nor is it dependent on our credit rating.
cash flows the following table summarizes our cash flow activity, followed by a discussion of the major drivers impacting operating, investing and financing cash flows.
operating activities                                  $8.2            $10.6            $11.0
investing activities                                   1.9            (8.2)            (8.0)
financing activities                                 (7.5)            (1.7)                —
effect of foreign currency exchange rates            (0.2)            (0.2)            (0.2)
equivalents cash flows from operating activities our cash flows from operating activities primarily include net income adjusted for (i) non-cash items included in net income and (ii) changes in the balances of operating assets and liabilities, which can vary significantly in the normal course of business due to the amount and timing of payments.
for december 31, 2016 and 2015, net cash provided by operating activities was $8.2 billion and $10.6 billion, respectively, driven by net income of $5.4 billion and $5.2 billion, respectively, adjusted for non-cash items including changes in provisions for losses, depreciation and amortization, deferred taxes, and stock-based compensation. the current period net income includes gains of $1.2 billion on the sales of the hfs portfolios, which is presented in net decrease (increase) in card member receivables and loans, including held for sale, within cash flows from investing activities. the decrease during the periods of comparison was also driven primarily by impacts from movements in other assets as a result of normal business operating activities.
cash flows from investing activities our cash flows from investing activities primarily include changes in card member receivables and loans, including card member loans and receivables hfs, along with gains on sales related thereto, as well as changes in our available for sale investment securities portfolio.
for the year ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, net cash provided by (used in) investing activities was $1.9 billion and ($8.2) billion, respectively. the increase in the current period, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2015, was primarily driven by the sales of the hfs portfolios, partially offset by increases in card member receivables and loans held for investment.
cash flows from financing activities our cash flows from financing activities primarily include issuing and repaying debt, changes in customer deposits, issuing and repurchasing our common shares, and paying dividends.
for the year ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, net cash used in financing activities was $7.5 billion and $1.7 billion, respectively. the increase in the current period, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily resulted from a net decrease in customer deposits and short-term borrowings, partially offset by lower net repayments of long-term debt in the current year, as compared to the prior year.
off-balance sheet arrangements and contractual obligations we have identified both on- and off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements, obligations and other relationships that may have a material current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity and capital resources.
contractual obligations the table below identifies transactions that represent our contractually committed future obligations. purchase obligations include our agreements to purchase goods and services that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction.
table 25: committed future obligations by year payments due by year(a)
certificates of deposit                            3,750                  5,833                  2,648                       —                 12,231
other long-term liabilities(c) (d)                   224                    103                     23                      15                    365
(a)   the table above excludes approximately $1.0 billion of tax liabilities related to the uncertainty in income taxes as inherent complexities and the number of tax years currently open for examination in multiple jurisdictions do not permit reasonable estimates of payments, if any, to be made over a range of years. refer to note 21 to the “consolidated financial statements” for additional information.
(c)                  as of december 31, 2016, there were no minimum required contributions, and no contributions are currently planned, for the u.s. american express retirement plan. for the u.s. american express retirement restoration plan and non-u.s. defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plans, contributions in 2017 are anticipated to be approximately $34 million, and this amount has been included within other long-term liabilities. remaining obligations under defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plans aggregating $666 million have not been included in the table above as the timing of such obligations is not determinable. additionally, other long-term liabilities do not include $7.1 billion of membership rewards liabilities, which are not considered long-term liabilities as card members in good standing can redeem points immediately, without restrictions, and because the timing of point redemption is not determinable.
(d)   as of december 31, 2016, we had committed to provide funding related to certain tax credit investments resulting in a $266 million unfunded commitment included in other long-term liabilities. in addition to this amount, there was a further $151 million of contractual off-balance sheet obligations which have not been included in the table above as the timing of such obligations is not determinable. refer to note 6 to the “consolidated financial statements” for additional information.
(e)   the purchase obligation amounts represent either the early termination fees or non-cancelable minimum contractual obligations, as applicable, by period under contracts that were in effect as of december 31, 2016.
(f)                    represents obligations to make payments under contractual agreements with certain cobrand partners, based primarily on the amount of card member spending and corresponding rewards earned on such spending and, under certain arrangements, on the number of accounts acquired and retained. such cobrand agreements are entered into for a fixed period, generally ranging from five to eight years. we expect to fully satisfy these obligations over the remaining term of these agreements as part of the ongoing operations of our business.
in addition to the contractual obligations noted in table 25, we have off-balance sheet arrangements that include guarantees, indemnifications and certain other off-balance sheet arrangements.
guarantees our principal guarantees are associated with card member services to enhance the value of owning an american express card. as of december 31, 2016, we had guarantees totaling approximately $48 billion related to card member protection plans, as well as other guarantees and indemnifications provided in the ordinary course of business. refer to note 16 to the “consolidated financial statements” for further discussion regarding our guarantees.
certain other off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2016, we had approximately $242 billion of unused credit outstanding as part of established lending product agreements. total unused credit does not represent potential future cash requirements, as a significant portion of this unused credit will likely not be drawn. our charge card products generally have no pre-set limit, and therefore are not reflected in unused credit available to card members.
to mitigate counterparty credit risk related to derivatives, we accepted non-cash collateral in the form of security interests in u.s. treasury securities from our derivatives counterparties with a fair value of $18 million and nil as of december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, none of which was sold or repledged.
refer to notes 7 and 13 to the “consolidated financial statements” for discussion regarding our other off-balance sheet arrangements.
risk management governance we use our comprehensive enterprise-wide risk management (erm) program to identify, aggregate, monitor, and manage risks. the program also defines our risk appetite, governance, culture and capabilities. the implementation and execution of the erm program is headed by our chief risk officer.
risk management is overseen by our board of directors through three board committees: the risk committee, the audit and compliance committee, and the compensation and benefits committee. each committee consists entirely of independent directors and provides regular reports to the full board regarding matters reviewed at their committee. the committees meet regularly in private sessions with our chief risk officer, the chief compliance & ethics officer, the general auditor and other senior management with regard to our risk management processes, controls, talent and capabilities. the board monitors the “tone at the top,” our risk culture, and oversees emerging and strategic risks.
the risk committee of our board of directors provides oversight of our enterprise-wide risk management framework, processes and methodologies. the risk committee approves our erm policy. the erm policy governs risk governance, risk oversight and risk appetite for risks, including individual credit risk, institutional credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, reputational risk, compliance risk, model risk, asset/liability risk and strategic and business risk. risk appetite defines the authorized risk limits to control exposures within our risk capacity and risk tolerance, including stressed forward-looking scenarios. in addition, it establishes principles for risk taking in the aggregate and for each risk type, and is supported by a comprehensive system for monitoring limits, escalation triggers and assessing control programs.
the risk committee reviews and concurs in the appointment, replacement, performance and compensation of our chief risk officer and receives regular updates from the chief risk officer on key risks, transactions and exposures.
the risk committee reviews our risk profile against the tolerances specified in the risk appetite framework, including significant risk exposures, risk trends in our portfolios and major risk concentrations.
the risk committee also provides oversight of our compliance with basel capital and liquidity standards, our internal capital adequacy assessment process, including its comprehensive capital analysis and review (ccar) submissions, and resolution planning.
the audit and compliance committee of our board of directors reviews and approves compliance policies, which include our compliance risk tolerance statement. in addition, the audit and compliance committee reviews the effectiveness of our corporate-wide compliance risk management program. more broadly, this committee is responsible for assisting the board in its oversight responsibilities relating to the integrity of our financial statements and financial reporting process, internal and external auditing, including the qualifications and independence of the independent registered public accounting firm and the performance of our internal audit services function, and the integrity of our systems of internal accounting and financial controls.
the audit and compliance committee provides oversight of our internal audit group. the audit and compliance committee reviews and concurs in the appointment, replacement, performance and compensation of our general auditor and approves internal audit’s annual audit plan, charter, policies and budget. the audit and compliance committee also receives regular updates on the audit plan’s status and results including significant reports issued by internal audit and the status of our corrective actions.
the compensation and benefits committee of our board of directors works with the chief risk officer to ensure our overall compensation programs, as well as those covering our business units and risk-taking employees, appropriately balance risk with business incentives and how business performance is achieved without taking imprudent or excessive risk. our chief risk officer is actively involved in setting goals, including for our business units. our chief risk officer also reviews the current and forward-looking risk profiles of each business unit, and provides input into performance evaluation. the chief risk officer meets with the compensation and benefits committee and attests whether performance goals and results have been achieved without taking imprudent risks. the compensation and benefits committee uses a risk-balanced incentive compensation framework to decide on our bonus pools and the compensation of senior executives.
there are several internal management committees, including the enterprise-wide risk management committee (ermc), chaired by our chief risk officer. the ermc is the highest-level management committee to oversee all firm-wide risks and is responsible for risk governance, risk oversight and risk appetite. it maintains the enterprise-wide risk appetite framework and monitors compliance with limits and escalations defined in it. the ermc oversees implementation of risk policies company-wide. the ermc reviews key risk exposures, trends and concentrations, significant compliance matters, economic capital and basel capital trends, and provides guidance on the steps to monitor, control and report major risks.
as defined in the erm policy, we follow the “three lines of defense” approach to risk management. the first line of defense comprises functions and management committees directly initiating risk taking. business unit presidents, our chief credit officer, chief market risk officer and functional risk officer are part of the first line of defense. the second line comprises independent functions
overseeing risk-taking activities of the first line. the chief risk officer, the chief compliance & ethics officer, the chief operational risk officer, the corporate controller and certain control groups, both at the enterprise level and within regulated entities, are part of the second line of defense. the global risk oversight team oversees the policies, strategies, frameworks, models, processes and capabilities deployed by the first line teams and provides challenges and independent assessments on how the first line of defense is managing risks.
our internal audit group constitutes the third line of defense, and provides independent assessments and effective challenge of the first and second lines of defense.
in addition, the asset liability committee, chaired by our chief financial officer, is responsible for managing market, liquidity, asset/liability risk and capital.
credit risk management process credit risk is defined as loss due to obligor or counterparty default or changes in the credit quality of a security. our credit risks are divided into two broad categories: individual and institutional. each has distinct risk management capabilities, strategies, and tools. business units that create individual or institutional credit risk exposures of significant importance are supported by dedicated risk management teams, each led by a chief credit officer.
individual credit risk individual credit risk arises principally from consumer and small business charge cards, credit cards, lines of credit, and loans. these portfolios consist of millions of customers across multiple geographies, industries and levels of net worth. we benefit from the high-quality profile of our customers, which is driven by our brand, premium customer servicing, product features and risk management capabilities, which span underwriting, customer management and collections. externally, the risk in these portfolios is correlated to broad economic trends, such as unemployment rates and gross domestic product (gdp) growth, which can affect customer liquidity.
the business unit leaders and their chief credit officers take the lead in managing the individual credit risk process. these chief credit officers are guided by the individual credit risk committee, which is responsible for implementation and enforcement of the individual credit risk management policy. this policy is further supported by subordinate policies and operating manuals covering decision logic and processes of credit extension, including prospecting, new account approvals, point-of-sale authorizations, credit line management and collections. the subordinate risk policies and operating manuals are designed to ensure consistent application of risk management principles and standardized reporting of asset quality and loss recognition.
individual credit risk management is supported by sophisticated proprietary scoring and decision-making models that use the most up-to-date information on prospects and customers, such as spending and payment history and data feeds from credit bureaus. additional data, such as commercial variables, are integrated to further mitigate small business risk. we have developed data-driven economic decision logic for customer interactions to better serve our customers.
institutional credit risk institutional credit risk arises principally within our global commercial services, global merchant services, gns, prepaid services and foreign exchange services businesses, as well as investment and liquidity management activities. unlike individual credit risk, institutional credit risk is characterized by a lower loss frequency but higher severity. it is affected both by general economic conditions and by client-specific events. the absence of large losses in any given year or over several years is not necessarily representative of the level of risk of institutional portfolios, given the infrequency of loss events in such portfolios.
similar to individual credit risk, business units taking institutional credit risks are supported by chief credit officers. these officers are guided by the institutional risk management committee (irmc), which is responsible for implementation and enforcement of the institutional credit risk management policy and for providing guidance to the credit officers of each business unit with substantial institutional credit risk exposures. the committee, along with the business unit chief credit officers, makes investment decisions in core risk capabilities, ensures proper implementation of the underwriting standards and contractual rights of risk mitigation, monitors risk exposures, and determines risk mitigation actions. the irmc formally reviews large institutional risk exposures to ensure compliance with ermc guidelines and procedures and escalates them to the ermc as appropriate. at the same time, the irmc provides guidance to the business unit risk management teams to optimize risk-adjusted returns on capital. a centralized risk rating unit and a specialized airline risk group provide risk assessment of our institutional obligors.
exposure to the airline industry we have multiple important cobrand, rewards, merchant acceptance and corporate payments arrangements with airlines. the erm program evaluates the risks posed by our airline partners and the overall airline strategy companywide through comprehensive business analysis of global airlines. our largest airline partner is delta, and this relationship includes exclusive cobrand credit card partnerships and other arrangements including membership rewards redemption, merchant acceptance, travel and corporate payments. see “risk factors.”
debt exposure as part of our ongoing risk management process, we monitor our financial exposure to both sovereign and non-sovereign customers and counterparties, and measure and manage concentrations of risk by geographic regions, as well as by economic sectors and industries. a primary focus area for monitoring is credit deterioration due to weaknesses in economic and fiscal profiles. we evaluate countries based on the market assessment of the riskiness of their sovereign debt and our assessment of our economic and financial outlook and closely monitor those deemed high risk. as of december 31, 2016, we considered our gross credit exposures to government entities, financial institutions and corporations in those countries deemed high risk to be individually and collectively not material.
operational risk management process we define operational risk as the risk of not achieving business objectives due to inadequate or failed processes, people, or information systems, or the external environment, including failures to comply with laws and regulations. operational risk is inherent in all business activities and can impact an organization through direct or indirect financial loss, brand damage, customer dissatisfaction, or legal and regulatory penalties.
to appropriately measure and manage operational risk, we have implemented a comprehensive operational risk framework that is defined in the operational risk management policy approved by the risk committee. the operational risk management committee (ormc), chaired by the chief operational risk officer, coordinates with all control groups on effective risk assessments and controls and oversees the preventive, responsive and mitigation efforts by operational excellence teams in the business units and staff groups.
we use the operational risk framework to identify, measure, monitor and report inherent and emerging operational risks. this framework, supervised by the ormc, consists of (a) operational risk event capture, (b) a project office to coordinate issue management and control enhancements, (c) key risk indicators such as customer complaints or pre-implementation test metrics, and (d) process and entity-level risk assessments.
the framework requires the assessment of operational risk events to determine root causes, impact to customers and/or us, and resolution plan accountability to correct any defect, remediate customers, and enhance controls and testing to mitigate future issues. the impact is assessed from an operational, financial, brand, regulatory compliance and legal perspective.
information security, privacy, and data governance we have implemented an information security program and operating model that is designed to protect information and information systems from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, disruption, modification or destruction.
our information security program and operating model are based on the national institute of standards and technology (nist) cybersecurity framework and cover different phases of security to identify, protect, detect, respond and recover from information security incidents.
chaired by the chief information security officer, our information security risk management committee, a sub-committee of the ormc, provides oversight and governance for our information security risk management program. in addition, the committee is responsible for establishing cyber risk tolerances and in managing cyber crisis preparedness. the information security oversight team provides challenges and independent assessment of the information security program.
our privacy framework and operating model follow a similar structure. chaired by the global head of privacy and information security oversight and attended by the chief privacy officer, our privacy risk management committee, a sub-committee of the ormc, provides oversight and governance for our privacy program. the committee is responsible for the governance over the collection, notice, use, sharing, transfer, confidentiality and retention of personal data.
our enterprise data governance framework and policy defines governance and data standards for data used in regulatory reporting, risk management as well as other critical systems including big data capabilities.
see “a significant operating disruption, a major information security incident or an increase in fraudulent activity using our cards could lead to reputational damage to our brand and significant legal, regulatory and financial exposure, and could reduce the use and acceptance of our charge and credit cards” under “risk factors” for additional information.
compliance risk management process we define compliance risk as the risk of legal or reputational harm, fines, monetary penalties and payment of damages or other forms of sanction as a result of non-compliance with applicable laws, regulations, rules or standards of conduct.
we view our ability to effectively mitigate compliance risk as an important aspect of our business model. our global compliance and ethics organization is responsible for establishing and maintaining our corporate-wide compliance risk management
program. pursuant to this program, we seek to manage and mitigate compliance risk by assessing, controlling, monitoring, measuring and reporting the regulatory risks to which we are exposed.
we have a comprehensive anti-money laundering program that monitors and reports suspicious activity to the appropriate government authorities. as part of that program, the global risk oversight team provides independent risk assessment of the models and rules used by the anti-money laundering team. in addition, the internal audit group reviews the processes for practices consistent with regulatory guidance.
reputational risk management process we define reputational risk as the risk that negative publicity regarding our products, services, business practices, management, clients and partners, whether perceived or real, could cause a decline in the customer base, costly litigation, or revenue reductions.
we view protecting our reputation as core to our vision of becoming the world’s most respected service brand and fundamental to our long-term success.
our business leaders are responsible for ensuring that reputational risk implications of transactions, business activities and management practices are appropriately considered and relevant subject matter experts are engaged as needed. the ermc and its sub-committees are responsible for reviewing decisions where reputational risk may exist and ensuring that reputational risk considerations are properly reflected.
market risk management process market risk is the risk to earnings or asset and liability values resulting from movements in market prices. our market risk exposures include:
•   interest rate risk due to changes in the relationship between interest rates on our assets (such as loans, receivables and investment securities) and our interest rates on our liabilities (such as debt and deposits);
•   foreign exchange risk related to transactions, funding, investments and earnings in currencies other than the u.s. dollar.
our asset-liability management (alm) and market risk policies establish the framework that guides and governs market risk management, including quantitative limits and escalation triggers. these policies are approved by the risk committee of the board of directors.
market risk is managed by the market risk management committee. the market risk oversight officer provides an independent risk assessment and oversight over the policies and exposure management for market risk and alm activities, as well as overseeing compliance with the volcker rule and other regulatory requirements. market risk management is also guided and governed by policies covering the use of derivative financial instruments, funding, liquidity and investments.
we analyze a variety of interest rate scenarios to inform us of the potential impacts from interest rate changes on earnings and the value of assets, liabilities and the economic value of equity. our interest rate exposure can vary over time as a result of, among other things, the proportion of our total funding provided by variable-and fixed-rate debt and deposits compared to our card member loans and receivables. interest rate swaps are used from time to time to effectively convert debt issuances to (or from) variable-rate, from (or to) fixed-rate. we generally do not engage in derivative financial instruments for trading purposes other than with respect to our foreign exchange international payments business activities. refer to note 14 to the “consolidated financial statements” for further discussion of our derivative financial instruments.
as of december 31, 2016, a hypothetical, immediate 100 basis point increase in market interest rates would have a detrimental effect on our annual net interest income of approximately $193 million. this measure first projects net interest income over the following twelve-month time horizon considering forecasted business growth and anticipated future market interest rates. the detrimental impact from a rate increase is then measured by instantaneously increasing the anticipated future interest rates by 100 basis points. it is further assumed that our interest-rate sensitive assets and liabilities that reprice within the twelve-month horizon reprice by 100 basis points. actual changes in our net interest income will depend on many factors. for example, the interest rate we pay on deposit balances within our high-yield savings accounts may not change at the same time or to the same degree as market interest rates.
in addition to parallel rate changes, our net interest income is subject to changes in the relationship between market benchmark rates. for example, movements in prime rate change the yield on a large portion of our variable-rate u.s. lending receivables and loans, while libor rates determine the effective interest rate on a significant portion of our outstanding funding. differences in the rate of change of these two benchmark indices, commonly referred to as basis risk, would thus impact our net interest income. the detrimental effect on our net interest income of a hypothetical 10 basis point decrease in the spread between prime and one-month libor over the next twelve months is estimated to be $35 million. we currently have approximately $36 billion of prime-based, variable-rate u.s. lending receivables and loans and $35 billion of libor-indexed debt, including asset securitizations.
foreign exchange exposures arise in four principal ways: 1) card member spending in currencies that are not the billing currency, 2) cross-currency transactions and balances from our funding activities, 3) cross-currency investing activities, such as in the equity of foreign subsidiaries, and 4) revenues generated and expenses incurred in foreign currencies, which impact earnings.
these foreign exchange risks are managed primarily by entering into foreign exchange spot transactions or hedged with foreign exchange forward contracts when the hedge costs are economically justified and in notional amounts designed to offset pretax impacts from currency movements in the period in which they occur. as of december 31, 2016 and 2015, foreign currency derivative instruments with total notional amounts of approximately $28 billion and $26 billion were outstanding, respectively.
with respect to card member spending and cross-currency transactions, including related foreign exchange forward contracts outstanding, a hypothetical 10 percent strengthening of the u.s. dollar would result in an immaterial impact to projected earnings as of december 31, 2016. with respect to translation exposure of foreign subsidiary equity balances, including related foreign exchange forward contracts outstanding, a hypothetical 10 percent strengthening of the u.s. dollar would result in an immaterial reduction in other comprehensive income and equity as of december 31, 2016. with respect to earnings denominated in foreign currencies, the adverse impact on pretax income of a hypothetical 10 percent strengthening of the u.s. dollar related to anticipated overseas operating results for the next twelve months would be approximately $185 million as of december 31, 2016.
to a much lesser extent, we are also subject to market risk arising from activities conducted by our foreign exchange international payments business. we aim to minimize market risk from these activities through hedging, where appropriate, and the establishment of limits to define and protect the company from excessive exposure.
the actual impact of interest rate and foreign exchange rate changes will depend on, among other factors, the timing of rate changes, the extent to which different rates do not move in the same direction or in the same direction to the same degree, changes in the cost, volume and mix of our hedging activities and changes in the volume and mix of our businesses.
funding & liquidity risk management process liquidity risk is defined as our inability to meet our ongoing financial and business obligations as they become due at a reasonable cost.
our board-approved liquidity risk policy establishes the framework that guides and governs liquidity risk management.
liquidity risk is managed by the funding and liquidity committee. in addition, the market risk oversight officer provides independent oversight of liquidity risk management. we manage liquidity risk by maintaining access to a diverse set of cash, readily-marketable securities and contingent sources of liquidity, such that we can continuously meet our business requirements and expected future financing obligations for at least a twelve-month period, even in the event we are unable to raise new funds under our regular funding programs during a substantial weakening in economic conditions. we consider the trade-offs between maintaining too much liquidity, which can be costly and limit financial flexibility, and having inadequate liquidity, which may result in financial distress during a liquidity event.
liquidity risk is managed at an aggregate consolidated level as well as at certain subsidiaries in order to ensure that sufficient and accessible liquidity resources are maintained. the funding and liquidity committee reviews forecasts of our aggregate and subsidiary cash positions and financing requirements, approves funding plans designed to satisfy those requirements under normal and stressed conditions, establishes guidelines to identify the amount of liquidity resources required and monitors positions and determines any actions to be taken.
model risk management process we define model risk as the risk of adverse consequences, such as financial loss, poor business and strategic decision making, or damage to our reputation, from decisions based on incorrect or misused model outputs and reports.
we manage model risk through a comprehensive model governance framework, including policies and procedures for model development, independent model validation and change management capabilities that seek to minimize erroneous model methodology, outputs and misuse. we also assess model performance on an ongoing basis.
strategic and business risk management process strategic and business risk is the risk related to our inability to achieve our business objectives due to poor strategic decisions, including decisions related to mergers, acquisitions, and divestitures, poor implementation of strategic decisions or declining demand for our products and services.
strategic decisions are reviewed and approved by business leaders and various committees and must be aligned with company policies. we seek to manage strategic and business risks through risk controls embedded in these processes as well as overall risk management oversight over business goals. existing product performance is reviewed periodically by committees and business leaders. mergers, acquisitions and divestitures can only be approved following deal committee due diligence, a comprehensive risk assessment by operational, market, credit and oversight leaders provided to the chief risk officer and approval by either the chief risk officer or appropriate risk committees. all new products and material changes in business processes are reviewed and approved by the new products committee and appropriate credit or risk committees.
critical accounting estimates refer to note 1 to the “consolidated financial statements” for a summary of our significant accounting policies. certain of our accounting policies requiring significant management assumptions and judgments are as follows:
reserves for card member losses reserves for card member losses represent our best estimate of the probable losses inherent in our outstanding portfolio of card member loans and receivables, as of the balance sheet date.
in estimating these losses, we use statistical and analytical models that analyze portfolio performance and reflect our judgment regarding the quantitative components of the reserve. the models take into account several factors, including delinquency-based loss migration rates, loss emergence periods and average losses over an appropriate historical period, as well as expected future recoveries. we also consider whether to adjust the quantitative reserve for certain external and internal qualitative factors that may increase or decrease the reserves for losses on card member loans and receivables.
the process of estimating these reserves requires a high degree of judgment. to the extent historical credit experience, updated for any external and internal qualitative factors such as environmental trends, is not indicative of future performance, actual losses could differ significantly from our judgments and expectations, resulting in either higher or lower future provisions for card member losses in any quarter.
as of december 31, 2016, a 10 percent increase in our estimate of losses inherent in the outstanding portfolio of card member loans and receivables, evaluated collectively for impairment, would increase reserves for losses with a corresponding change to provisions for losses by approximately $169 million. this sensitivity analysis is provided as a hypothetical scenario to assess the sensitivity of the provisions for losses. it does not represent our expectations for losses in the future, nor does it include how other portfolio factors such as delinquency-based loss migration rates or recoveries, or the amount of outstanding balances, may impact the level of reserves for losses and the corresponding impact on the provisions for losses.
liability for membership rewards expense the membership rewards program is our largest card-based rewards program. card members can earn points for purchases charged on their enrolled card products. a significant portion of our cards, by their terms, allow card members to earn bonus points for purchases at merchants in particular industry categories. membership rewards points are redeemable for a broad variety of rewards, including travel, entertainment, retail certificates and merchandise. points typically do not expire, and there is no limit on the number of points a card member may earn. membership rewards expense is driven by charge volume on enrolled cards, customer participation in the program and contractual arrangements with redemption partners.
we record a membership rewards liability that represents the estimated cost of points earned that are expected to be redeemed by card members in the future. the membership rewards liability is impacted over time by enrollment levels, attrition, the volume of points earned and redeemed, and the associated redemption costs. we estimate the membership rewards liability by determining the urr and the wac per point, which are applied to the points of current enrollees. refer to note 10 to the “consolidated financial statements” for additional information.
the urr assumption is used to estimate the number of points earned by current enrollees that will ultimately be redeemed in future periods. we use statistical and actuarial models to estimate the urr of points earned to date by current card members based on redemption trends, card product type, enrollment tenure, card spend levels and credit attributes. the wac per point assumption is used to estimate future redemption costs and is primarily based on redemption choices made by card members, reward offerings by partners, and membership rewards program changes. the wac per point is derived from the previous 12 months of redemptions and is adjusted as appropriate for certain changes in redemption costs that are not representative of future cost expectations.
we periodically evaluate our liability estimation process and assumptions based on developments in redemption patterns, cost per point redeemed, partner contract changes and other factors.
the process of estimating the membership rewards liability includes a high degree of judgment. actual redemptions and associated redemption costs could differ significantly from our estimates, resulting in either higher or lower membership rewards expense.
changes in the membership rewards urr and wac per point have the effect of either increasing or decreasing the liability through the current period marketing, promotion, rewards and card member services expense by an amount estimated to cover the cost of all points previously earned but not yet redeemed by current enrollees as of the end of the reporting period. as of december 31, 2016, an increase in the estimated urr of current enrollees of 25 basis points would increase the membership rewards liability and corresponding rewards expense by approximately $92 million. similarly, an increase in the wac per point of 1 basis point would increase the membership rewards liability and corresponding rewards expense by approximately $89 million.
fair value measurement our investment securities and derivative instruments are carried at fair value on the consolidated balance sheets, which require management to make assumptions and apply judgments when assessing fair value.
the objective of a fair value measurement is to determine the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability by utilizing the three-level hierarchy of inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. when available, we use quoted market prices to determine fair value (level 1). if quoted market prices are not available, we will measure fair value based on pricing models with significant observable inputs (level 2). we do not have any financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (level 3). for additional information on our fair value hierarchy, refer to note 15 to the “consolidated financial statements.”
investment securities our investment securities are mostly composed of fixed-income securities issued by states and municipalities in the united states, the u.s. government and its agencies and select foreign governments. the fair value of our investment securities, including investments comprising defined benefit pension plan assets, are obtained primarily from third-party pricing services. the fair values provided by the pricing services are estimated using pricing models, where the inputs to those models are based on observable market inputs or recent trades of similar securities. we did not apply any adjustments to prices received from the pricing services used as of december 31, 2016 and 2015. for additional information on our investment securities, refer to note 5 to the “consolidated financial statements.”
derivative instruments our primary derivative instruments are interest rate swaps and foreign currency forward agreements. the fair value of our derivative instruments is estimated by using either a third-party valuation service that uses proprietary pricing models, or by internal pricing models, where the inputs to those models are readily observable from actively quoted markets. for additional information on our derivatives and hedging activities, refer to note 14 to the “consolidated financial statements.”
in the measurement of fair value for our investment securities and derivative instruments, although the underlying inputs used in the pricing models are based on observable markets inputs, the pricing models do entail a certain amount of subjectivity, and therefore differing judgments in the underlying inputs, or how they are modeled, could result in a different estimate of fair value. we reaffirm our understanding of the valuation techniques used by our third-party valuation services at least annually.
goodwill recoverability goodwill represents the excess of acquisition cost of an acquired business over the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. goodwill is not amortized but is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level annually or when events or circumstances arise, such as adverse changes in the business climate, that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the reporting unit below its carrying value. our approach and methodology for conducting our goodwill impairment testing is fundamentally based on the measurement of fair value for our reporting units, which inherently entails the use of significant judgment.
for valuation, we use a combination of the income approach (discounted cash flows) and market approach (market multiples) in estimating the fair value of our reporting units.
when preparing discounted cash flow models under the income approach, we estimate future cash flows using the reporting unit’s internal multi-year forecast, and a terminal value calculated using a growth rate that we believe is appropriate in light of current and expected future economic conditions. to discount these cash flows we use our expected cost of equity, determined using a capital asset pricing model. when using the market method under the market approach, we apply comparable publicly traded companies’ multiples (e.g., earnings, revenues) to our reporting units’ actual results. the judgment in estimating forecasted cash flows, discount rates and market comparables is significant, and imprecision could materially affect the fair value of our reporting units.
refer to note 2 to the “consolidated financial statements” for additional information regarding the prepaid services goodwill impairment in 2015.
we could be exposed to an increased risk of further goodwill impairment if future operating results or macroeconomic conditions differ significantly from management’s current assumptions.
income taxes we are subject to the income tax laws of the united states, its states and municipalities and those of the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate. these tax laws are complex, and the manner in which they apply to the taxpayer’s facts is sometimes open to interpretation. in establishing a provision for income tax expense, we must make judgments about the application of inherently complex tax laws.
unrecognized tax benefits we establish a liability for unrecognized tax benefits, which are the differences between a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return and the benefit recognized in the financial statements.
in establishing a liability for an unrecognized tax benefit, assumptions may be made in determining whether, and the extent to which, a tax position should be sustained. a tax position is recognized only when it is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by the relevant taxing authority, based on its technical merits. the amount of tax benefit recognized is the largest benefit that we believe is more likely than not to be realized on ultimate settlement. as new information becomes available, we evaluate our tax positions and adjust our unrecognized tax benefits, as appropriate.
tax benefits ultimately realized can differ from amounts previously recognized due to uncertainties, with any such differences generally impacting the provision for income tax.
deferred tax asset realization deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using the enacted tax rates expected to be in effect for the years in which the differences are expected to reverse.
since deferred taxes measure the future tax effects of items recognized in the consolidated financial statements, certain estimates and assumptions are required to determine whether it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the benefit of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. in making this assessment, we analyze and estimate the impact of future taxable income, reversing temporary differences and available tax planning strategies. these assessments are performed quarterly, taking into account any new information.
changes in facts or circumstances can lead to changes in the ultimate realization of deferred tax assets due to uncertainties.
other matters recently issued accounting standards refer to the recently issued accounting standards section of note 1 to the “consolidated financial statements.”
glossary of selected terminology adjusted net interest income — a non-gaap measure that represents net interest income attributable to our card member loans and loans hfs (which includes, on a gaap basis, interest that is deemed uncollectible), excluding the impact of interest expense and interest income not attributable to our card member loans. we believe adjusted net interest income is useful to investors because it is a component of net interest yield on card member loans.
asset securitizations — asset securitization involves the transfer and sale of loans or receivables to a special-purpose entity created for the securitization activity, typically a trust. the trust, in turn, issues securities, commonly referred to as asset-backed securities that are secured by the transferred loans and receivables. the trust uses the proceeds from the sale of such securities to pay the purchase price for the underlying loans or receivables. the loans and receivables of our lending trust and charge trust securitized are reported as assets and the securities issued by the trusts are reported as liabilities on our “consolidated balance sheets.”
average discount rate — this calculation is generally designed to reflect pricing at merchants accepting general-purpose american express cards. it represents the percentage of billed business (generated from both proprietary and gns card member spending) retained by us from merchants we acquire, or for merchants acquired by a third party on our behalf, net of amounts retained by such third party.
basic cards-in-force — proprietary basic consumer cards-in-force includes basic cards issued to the primary account owner, (i.e., not including additional supplemental cards issued on accounts). proprietary basic small business and corporate cards-in-force includes both basic and supplemental cards issued. non-proprietary basic cards-in-force includes cards that are issued and outstanding under network partnership agreements, except for supplemental cards and retail cobrand card member accounts which have had no out-of-store spending activity during the prior twelve-month period.
billed business — includes activities (including cash advances) related to proprietary cards, cards issued under network partnership agreements (non-proprietary billed business), corporate payment services and certain insurance fees charged on proprietary cards. in-store spending activity within retail cobrand portfolios in gns, from which we earn no revenue, is not included in non-proprietary billed business. card billed business is included in the united states or outside the united states based on where the issuer is located.
capital ratios — represents the minimum standards established by the regulatory agencies as a measure to determine whether the regulated entity has sufficient capital to absorb on- and off-balance sheet losses beyond current loss accrual estimates. refer to the capital strategy section under “consolidated capital resources and liquidity” for further related definitions under transitional basel iii and fully phased-in basel iii.
card member — the individual holder of an issued american express-branded charge, credit and certain prepaid cards.
card member loans — represents the outstanding amount due from card members for charges made on their american express credit cards, as well as any interest charges and card-related fees. card member loans also include revolving balances on certain american express charge card products.
card member loans and receivables hfs — beginning as of december 1, 2015 and continuing until the sales were completed, represents card member loans and receivables related to our cobrand partnerships with costco in the united states and jetblue. the jetblue and costco portfolio sales were completed on march 18 and june 17, 2016, respectively.
card member receivables — represents the outstanding amount due from card members for charges made on their american express charge cards, as well as any card-related fees.
charge cards — represents cards that generally carry no pre-set spending limits and are primarily designed as a method of payment and not as a means of financing purchases. charge card members generally must pay the full amount billed each month. no finance charges are assessed on charge cards. each charge card transaction is authorized based on its likely economics reflecting a card member’s most recent credit information and spend patterns. some charge card accounts have additional pay over time feature(s) that allow revolving of certain balances.
cobrand cards — cards issued under cobrand agreements with selected commercial firms. pursuant to the cobrand agreements, we make payments to our cobrand partners, which can be significant, based primarily on the amount of card member spending and corresponding rewards earned on such spending and, under certain arrangements, on the number of accounts acquired and retained. in some cases, the partner is liable for providing rewards to the card member under the cobrand partner’s own loyalty program.
credit cards — represents cards that have a range of revolving payment terms, grace periods, and rate and fee structures.
discount revenue — represents revenue earned from fees generally charged to merchants who have entered into a card acceptance agreement. the discount fee generally is deducted from our payment for card member purchases. discount revenue is reduced by incentive payments made to merchants, payments to third-party card issuing partners, cash-back reward costs and statement credits, corporate incentive payments and other similar items.
interest expense — includes interest incurred primarily to fund card member loans and receivables, general corporate purposes and liquidity needs, and is recognized as incurred. interest expense is divided principally into two categories: (i) deposits, which primarily relates to interest expense on deposits taken from customers and institutions, and (ii) debt, which primarily relates to interest expense on our long-term financing and short-term borrowings, (e.g., commercial paper, federal funds purchased, bank overdrafts and other short-term borrowings), as well as the realized impact of derivatives hedging interest rate risk on our long-term debt.
interest income — includes (i) interest on loans, (ii) interest and dividends on investment securities and (iii) interest income on deposits with banks and other.
interest on loans — assessed using the average daily balance method for card member loans and loans hfs. unless the loan is classified as non-accrual, interest is recognized based upon the principal amount outstanding in accordance with the terms of the applicable account agreement until the outstanding balance is paid or written off.
interest and dividends on investment securities — primarily relates to our performing fixed-income securities. interest income is recognized as earned using the effective interest method, which adjusts the yield for security premiums and discounts, fees and other payments, so a constant rate of return is recognized on the outstanding balance of the related investment security throughout its term. amounts are recognized until securities are in default or when it is likely that future interest payments will not be made as scheduled.
interest income on deposits with banks and other — recognized as earned, and primarily relates to the placement of cash in excess of near-term funding requirements in interest-bearing time deposits, overnight sweep accounts, and other interest-bearing demand and call accounts.
liquidity coverage ratio — represents the minimum standards established by the regulatory agencies as a measure to determine whether the regulated entity has sufficient liquidity to meet liquidity needs in periods of financial and economic stress.
merchant acquisition — represents our process of entering into agreements with merchants to accept american express-branded cards.
net card fees — represents the card membership fees earned during the period. these fees are recognized as revenue over the covered card membership period (typically one year), net of the provision for projected refunds for card membership cancellation and deferred acquisition costs.
net interest yield on card member loans — a non-gaap measure that is computed by dividing adjusted net interest income by average loans, computed on an annualized basis. reserves and net write-offs related to uncollectible interest are recorded through provisions for losses, and are thus not included in the net interest yield calculation. we believe net interest yield on card member loans is useful to investors because it provides a measure of profitability of our card member loan portfolio.
net loss ratio — represents the ratio of gcp charge card write-offs, consisting of principal (resulting from authorized transactions) and fee components, less recoveries, on card member receivables expressed as a percentage of gross amounts billed to corporate card members.
net write-off rate — principal only — represents the amount of proprietary consumer or small business card member loans or receivables written off, consisting of principal (resulting from authorized transactions), less recoveries, as a percentage of the average loan or receivables balance during the period.
net write-off rate — principal, interest and fees — includes, in the calculation of the net write-off rate, amounts for interest and fees in addition to principal for card member loans and fees in addition to principal for card member receivables.
operating expenses — represents salaries and employee benefits, professional services, occupancy and equipment, and other expenses.
return on average equity — calculated by dividing one-year period net income by one-year average total shareholders’ equity.
return on average segment capital — calculated by dividing one-year period segment income by one-year average segment capital.
segment capital — represents the capital allocated to a segment based upon specific business operational needs, risk measures, and regulatory capital requirements.
total cards-in-force — represents the total number of charge and credit cards that are issued and outstanding and accepted on our network. non-proprietary cards-in-force includes all charge and credit cards that are issued and outstanding under network partnership agreements, except for retail cobrand card member accounts which have no out-of-store spending activity during the prior twelve-month period.
cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements this report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. the forward-looking statements, which address our expected business and financial performance, among other matters, contain words such as “believe,” “expect,” “estimate,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “plan,” “aim,” “will,” “may,” “should,” “could,” “would,” “likely,” and similar expressions. readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements, include, but are not limited to, the following:
•                    our ability to grow in the future, which will depend in part on the following: revenues growing consistently with current expectations, which could be impacted by, among other things, weakening economic conditions in the united states or internationally, a decline in consumer confidence impacting the willingness and ability of card members to sustain and grow spending, a further strengthening of the u.s. dollar, a greater erosion of the average discount rate than expected, a greater impact on discount revenue from cash back and cobrand partner and client incentive payments, more cautious spending by large and global corporate card members, lower spending on new cards acquired than estimated and our inability to capitalize on investment momentum, capabilities and efficiencies as we moderate marketing and promotion spend; our success in addressing competitive pressures and implementing strategies and business initiatives, including growing profitable spending from new and existing card members, increasing penetration among middle market and small business clients, expanding our international footprint and increasing merchant acceptance; the level of spend in bonus categories on rewards-based and/or cash-back cards and redemptions of card member rewards and offers; the impact of any future restructuring charges or other contingencies, including, but not limited to, litigation-related settlements, judgments or expenses, impairments, the imposition of fines or civil money penalties, an increase in card member reimbursements and changes in reserves; write-downs of deferred tax assets as a result of tax law or other changes; credit performance remaining consistent with current expectations; continued growth of card member loans; the ability to continue to realize benefits from restructuring actions and operating leverage at levels consistent with current expectations; the amount we spend on growth initiatives and our ability to drive growth from such investments; changes in interest rates beyond current expectations (including the impact of hedge ineffectiveness); the impact of regulation and litigation, which could affect the profitability of our business activities, limit our ability to pursue business opportunities, require changes to business practices or alter our relationships with partners, merchants and card members; our tax rate remaining in line with current expectations, which could be impacted by, among other things, our geographic mix of income being weighted more to higher tax jurisdictions than expected, changes in tax laws and regulation and unfavorable tax audits and other unanticipated tax items; the impact of accounting changes and reclassifications; and our ability to continue executing the share repurchase program;
•   changes in the substantial and increasing worldwide competition in the payments industry, including competitive pressure that may impact the prices we charge merchants that accept our cards, competition for cobrand relationships and the success of marketing, promotion or rewards programs;
•                    the actual amount to be spent on marketing and promotion, as well as the timing of any such spending, which will be based in part on management’s assessment of competitive opportunities; overall business performance; contractual obligations with business partners and other fixed costs and prior commitments; management’s ability to identify attractive investment opportunities and make such investments, which could be impacted by business, regulatory or legal complexities; and our ability to realize efficiencies, optimize investment spending and control expenses to fund such spending;
•                  rewards expense and cost of card member services growing faster or slower than expectations, which will depend in part on card member behavior as it relates to their spending patterns and actual usage and redemption of rewards, as well as the degree of interest of card members in the value proposition we offer; increasing competition, which could result in greater rewards offerings; our ability to enhance card products and services to make them attractive to card members; and the amount we spend on the promotion of enhanced services and rewards categories and the success of such promotion;
•                   our ability to reduce our overall cost base, which will depend in part on the timing and financial impact of reengineering plans, which could be impacted by factors such as our inability to mitigate the operational and other risks posed by potential staff reductions, our inability to develop and implement technology resources to realize cost savings and underestimating hiring and other employee needs; our ability to reduce annual operating expenses, which could be impacted by, among other things, the factors identified below; and our ability to optimize and lower marketing and promotion expenses, which could be impacted by higher advertising and card member acquisition costs, competitive pressures that may require additional expenditures or limit our ability to reduce costs, an inability to shift acquisition to digital channels, the availability of opportunities to invest at a higher level due to favorable business results and changes in macroeconomic conditions;
•                   the ability to reduce annual operating expenses, which could be impacted by the need to increase significant categories of operating expenses, such as consulting or professional fees, including as a result of increased litigation, compliance or regulatory-related costs, or fraud costs; our ability to develop, implement and achieve substantial benefits from reengineering plans; higher than expected employee levels; the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on costs; the payment of civil money penalties, disgorgement, restitution, non-income tax assessments and litigation-related settlements; impairments of goodwill or other assets; management’s decision to increase or decrease spending in such areas as technology, business and product development and sales forces depending on overall business performance; greater than expected inflation or merit increases; our ability to balance expense control and investments in the business; the impact of accounting changes and reclassifications; and the level of m&amp;a activity and related expenses;
•                  our lending delinquency and write-off rates and growth of provision expense being higher than current expectations, which will depend in part on changes in the level of loan balances, delinquency rates, mix of loan balances, loans related to new card members and other borrowers performing as expected, unemployment rates, the volume of bankruptcies and recoveries of previously written-off loans;
•   our ability to execute against our lending strategy to grow loans, which may be affected by increasing competition, brand perceptions and reputation, our ability to manage risk in a growing card member loan portfolio, and the behavior of card members and their actual spending and borrowing patterns, which in turn may be driven by our ability to issue new and enhanced card products, offer attractive non-card lending products, capture a greater share of existing card members’ spending and borrowings, reduce card member attrition and attract new customers;
•                  the possibility that we will not fully execute on our plans for optblue to significantly increase merchant coverage, which will depend in part on the success of optblue merchant acquirers in signing merchants to accept american express, which could be impacted by the pricing set by the merchant acquirers, the value proposition offered to small merchants and the efforts of optblue merchant acquirers to sign merchants for american express acceptance, as well as the awareness and willingness of card members to use american express cards at small merchants and of those merchants to accept american express cards;
•   changes affecting our ability or desire to return capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, which will depend on factors such as approval of our capital plans by our primary regulators, the amount we spend on acquisitions of companies and our results of operations and capital needs in any given period;
•                   changes in global economic and business conditions, consumer and business spending, the availability and cost of capital, unemployment rates, geopolitical conditions (including potential impacts resulting from the u.s.
administration and the proposed exit of the united kingdom from the european union), foreign currency rates and interest rates, all of which may significantly affect demand for and spending on american express cards, delinquency rates, loan balances and other aspects of our business and results of operations;
•                 changes in capital and credit market conditions, including sovereign creditworthiness, which may significantly affect our ability to meet our liquidity needs, expectations regarding capital and liquidity ratios, access to capital and cost of capital, including changes in interest rates; changes in market conditions affecting the valuation of our assets; or any reduction in our credit ratings or those of our subsidiaries, which could materially increase the cost and other terms of our funding, restrict our access to the capital markets or result in contingent payments under contracts;
•                legal and regulatory developments, including with regard to actions by the cfpb and other regulators, broad payment system regulatory regimes and the stricter regulation of financial institutions, which could require us to make fundamental changes to many of our business practices; result in increased costs related to regulatory oversight, litigation-related settlements, judgments or expenses, restitution to card members or the imposition of fines or civil money penalties; materially affect our capital or liquidity requirements, results of operations or ability to pay dividends or repurchase our stock; result in harm to the american express brand; potential actions by the fdic and credit rating agencies applicable to securitization trusts, which could impact our asset securitization program; or potential changes to the taxation of our businesses, the allowance of deductions for significant expenses, or the incidence of consumption taxes on our transactions, products and services;
•   changes in the financial condition and creditworthiness of our business partners, such as bankruptcies, restructurings or consolidations, including merchants that represent a significant portion of our business, such as the airline industry, or our partners in gns or financial institutions that we rely on for routine funding and liquidity, which could materially affect our financial condition or results of operations; and
•   factors beyond our control such as fire, power loss, disruptions in telecommunications, severe weather conditions, natural disasters, health pandemics, terrorism, cyberattacks or fraud, which could significantly affect demand for and spending on american express cards, delinquency rates, loan balances and results of operations or disrupt our global network systems and ability to process transactions.
a further description of these uncertainties and other risks can be found in “risk factors” above and our other reports filed with the securities and exchange commission.