item 1a. risk factors
as a large company operating in a complex industry, we encounter a variety of risks and uncertainties that could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, results of operations, financial condition or the trading price of our securities. you should carefully consider each of the risks and uncertainties discussed below, together with other information contained in this annual report on form 10-k, including management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition and information. these risks and uncertainties are not the only ones we face. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect us. the following risk factors have been organized by category for ease of use; however many of the risks may have impacts in more than one category. these categories, therefore, should be viewed as a starting point for understanding the significant risks facing us and not as a limitation on the potential impact of the matters discussed. risk factors are not necessarily listed in order of importance.
future performance of our business will depend on our ability to execute our strategic and operational initiatives effectively.
the future performance of our business will depend in large part on our ability to effectively implement and execute our strategic and operational initiatives including: (1) driving growth in targeted geographies, product lines, customer buying segments and distribution channels; (2) improving our strategic and financial flexibility; and (3) pursuing additional opportunities in high-growth markets. successfully executing on these initiatives depends on a number of factors, including our ability to:
differentiate our products and services from those of our competitors;
grow our commercial product portfolio, including managing the uncertainties associated with mix and volume of business on public health insurance exchanges;
attract, develop and maintain collaborative relationships with a sufficient number of qualified partners, including physicians and other health care providers in an environment of growing shortages of primary care professionals and consolidation within the provider industry;
transition health care providers from volume-based fee-for-service arrangements to a value-based system;
improve medical cost competitiveness in targeted markets;
if these initiatives fail or are not executed on effectively, our consolidated financial position and results of operations could be negatively affected. for example, efforts to reduce operating expenses while maintaining the necessary resources and talent pool are important and, if not managed effectively, could have long-term effects on our business by negatively impacting our ability to drive improvements in the quality of our products and/or services. for our strategic initiatives to succeed, we must effectively integrate our operations, including our acquired businesses, actively work to ensure consistency throughout the organization, and promote a global mind-set along with a focus on individual customers. if we fail to do so, our business may be unable to grow as planned, or the result of expansion may be unsatisfactory. in addition, the current competitive, economic and regulatory environment requires our organization to adapt rapidly and nimbly to new opportunities and challenges. we will be unable to do so if we do not make important decisions quickly, define our appetite for risk specifically, implement new governance, managerial and organizational processes smoothly and communicate roles and responsibilities clearly.
we face price competition and other pressures that could result in premiums that are insufficient to cover the cost of the health care services delivered to our customers.
while health plans compete on the basis of many service and quality-related factors, we expect that price will continue to be a significant basis of competition. our client and customer contracts are subject to negotiation as clients and customers seek to contain their costs, including by reducing benefits offered or elected. increasingly, our clients seek to negotiate performance guarantees that require us to pay penalties if the guaranteed performance standard is not met. as brokers and benefit consultants seek to enhance their revenue streams, they look to take on services that we typically provide. alternatively, our clients and customers may purchase different types of products that are less profitable, or move to a competitor to obtain more favorable pricing. each of these events would likely negatively impact our financial results.
back to contents part i item 1a. risk factors levels, or a significant loss of customers resulting from our need to increase or maintain premium or reimbursement levels, could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, factors such as business consolidations, strategic alliances, legislation and marketing practices will likely continue to create pressure to contain or otherwise restrict premium price increases, despite increasing medical costs. for example, the gramm-leach-bliley act gives banks and other financial institutions the ability to be affiliated with insurance companies. this may lead to new competitors with significant financial resources. our product margins and growth depend, in part, on our ability to compete effectively in our markets, set rates appropriately in highly competitive markets to keep or increase our market share, increase customers as planned, and avoid losing accounts with favorable medical cost experience while retaining or increasing our customer base in accounts with unfavorable medical cost experience.
premiums in the health care business are generally set for one-year periods and are priced well in advance of the date on which the contract commences. our revenue on medicare policies is based on bids submitted mid-year in the year before the contract year. although we base the premiums we charge and our medicare bids on our estimate of future health care costs over the contract period, actual costs may exceed what we estimate and charge in premiums due to factors such as medical cost inflation, higher than expected utilization of medical services, new or costly drugs, treatments and technology, and customer mix. our health care costs also are affected by external events that we cannot forecast or project and over which we have little or no control, such as influenza-related health care costs, epidemics, pandemics, terrorist attacks or other man-made disasters, natural disasters or other events that materially increase utilization of medical and/or other covered services, as well as changes in customers' health care utilization patterns and provider billing practices. our profitability depends, in part, on our ability to accurately predict, price for and effectively manage future health care costs through disciplined underwriting, provider contracting, utilization management and product design.
the reserves we hold for expected medical claims are based on estimates that involve an extensive degree of judgment and are inherently variable. if actual claims exceed our estimates, our operating results could be materially adversely affected, and our ability to take timely corrective actions to limit future costs may be limited.
we maintain and record medical claims reserves on our balance sheet for estimated future payments. our estimates of health care costs payable are based on a number of factors, including historical claim experience, but this estimation process requires extensive judgment. considerable variability is inherent in such estimates, and the accuracy of the estimates is highly sensitive to changes in medical claims submission and processing patterns and/or procedures, changes in customer base and product mix, changes in the utilization of medical and/or other covered services, changes in medical cost trends, changes in our medical management practices and the introduction of new benefits and products. furthermore, if we are not able to accurately and promptly anticipate and detect medical cost trends, our ability to take timely corrective actions to limit future costs and reflect our current benefit cost experience in our pricing process may be limited. in addition, while we continually review estimates of future payments relating to medical claims costs for services incurred in the current and prior periods and make adjustments to our reserves, the actual health care costs may exceed the reserves we have recorded.
if we fail to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with physicians, hospitals and other health care providers, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected.
we directly and indirectly contract with physicians, hospitals and other health care professionals and facilities to provide health care services to our customers. our results of operations are substantially dependent on our ability to contract for these services at competitive prices. in any particular market, physicians, hospitals and health care providers could refuse to contract, demand higher payments or take other actions that could result in higher medical costs or less desirable products for our customers. in some markets, certain providers, particularly hospitals, physician/hospital organizations and multi-specialty physician groups, may have significant or controlling market positions that could result in a diminished bargaining position for us. if providers refuse to contract with us, use their market position to negotiate favorable contracts or place us at a competitive disadvantage, our ability to market products or to be profitable in those areas could be materially and adversely affected. the formation and success of collaborative arrangements with physician groups, specialist groups, hospital arrangements and delivery system joint ventures are key to our strategic focus to transition from volume-based fee-for-service arrangements to a value-based health care system. if such arrangements do not result in the lower medical costs that we project or if we fail to attract health care providers to such arrangements, or are less successful at implementing such arrangements than our competitors, our medical costs may not be competitive and may be higher than we project, our attractiveness to customers may be reduced, we may lose or be unable to grow our customer base, and our ability to profitably grow our business and/or our operating results may be adversely affected.
our ability to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with health care providers also may be negatively impacted by other factors not associated with us, such as changes in medicare and/or medicaid reimbursement levels, increasing revenue and other pressures on health care providers and consolidation activity among hospitals, physician groups and health care providers. for example, ongoing reductions by cms and state governments in amounts payable to providers, particularly hospitals, for services provided to medicare and medicaid enrollees may exacerbate the cost shift to private payors, thereby adversely impacting our ability to maintain or develop new cost-effective health care provider contracts or result in a loss of revenues or customers.
recent and continuing consolidation among physicians, hospitals and other health care providers, emergence of accountable care organizations and other changes in the organizational structures chosen by physicians, hospitals and health care providers may change the way these providers interact with us and may change the competitive landscape in which we operate. in some instances, these organizations may compete directly with us, potentially affecting the way that we price our products or causing us to incur increased costs if we change our operations to be more competitive. our focus on developing collaborative accountable care organizations and independent practice associations or similar business arrangements with physicians and other health care providers may not achieve intended benefits and adversely affect our strategy or prospects.
out-of-network providers are not limited in the amount they bill by any agreement with us. while benefit plans place limits on the amount of charges that will be considered for reimbursement, out-of-network providers have become increasingly sophisticated and aggressive and such
back to contents part i item 1a. risk factors limitations can be difficult to enforce. as a result, the outcome of disputes where we do not have a provider contract may cause us to pay higher medical or other benefit costs than we projected.
as a global company, we face political, legal, operational, regulatory, economic and other risks that present challenges and could negatively affect our multinational operations and/or our long-term growth.
as a global company, our business is increasingly exposed to risks inherent in foreign operations. these risks can vary substantially by market, and include political, legal, operational, regulatory, economic and other risks, including government intervention that we do not face in our u.s. operations. the global nature of our business and operations may present challenges including, but not limited to, those arising from:
varying regional and geopolitical business conditions and demands;
effectively managing our partner relationships in countries outside of the united states;
political change, including the june 2016 referendum in the united kingdom to leave the european union and the results of the november 2016 u.s. elections;
general economic and political conditions.
these factors may increase in significance as we continue to expand globally, and any one of these challenges could negatively affect our operations or long-term growth. for example, due to the concentration of our international business in south korea, the global supplemental benefits segment is exposed to potential losses resulting from economic, regulatory and geopolitical developments in that country, as well as foreign currency movements affecting the south korean currency, that could have a significant impact on the segment's results and our consolidated financial results.
international operations also require us to devote significant resources to implement controls and systems in new markets to comply, and to ensure that our vendors and partners comply, with u.s. and foreign laws prohibiting bribery, corruption and money laundering, in addition to other regulations regarding, among other things, our products, direct-to-consumer communications, customer privacy, data protection and data residency. violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines, criminal sanctions against us, our officers or employees, restrictions or outright prohibitions on the conduct of our business, and significant reputational harm. we must regularly reassess the size, capability and location of our global infrastructure and make appropriate changes, and must have effective change management processes and internal controls in place to address changes in our business and operations. our success depends, in part, on our ability to anticipate these risks and manage these challenges. our failure to comply with laws and regulations governing our conduct outside the united states or to establish constructive relations with non-u.s. regulators could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and long-term growth.
we are dependent on the success of our relationships with third parties for various services and functions, including, but not limited to, certain pharmacy benefit management services.
to improve operating costs, productivity and efficiencies, we contract with third parties for the provision of specific services, such as certain pharmacy benefit management services, information technology, medical management services, call center and claim services. our operations may be adversely affected if these third parties fail to satisfy their obligations to us or if the arrangement is terminated in whole or in part or if there is a contractual dispute between us and these third parties. even though contracts are intended to provide certain protections, we have limited control over the actions of third parties. for example, noncompliance with any privacy or security laws and regulations or any security breach involving one of our third-party vendors or a dispute between us and a third party vendor related to our arrangement could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and reputation. in addition, with respect to services or functions outsourced to third parties in foreign jurisdictions, we also are exposed to risks inherent in conducting business outside of the united states.
back to contents part i item 1a. risk factors business processes or our third party vendors do not perform as expected, we may not realize, or not realize on a timely basis, the anticipated economic and other benefits of these relationships. this could result in substantial costs or regulatory compliance issues, divert management's attention from other strategic activities, negatively affect employee morale or create other operational or financial problems for us. terminating or transitioning in whole or in part arrangements with key vendors could result in additional costs or penalties, risks of operational delays or potential errors and control issues during the termination or transition phase. we may not be able to find an alternative vendor in a timely manner or on acceptable terms. if there is an interruption in business or loss of access to data resulting from a termination or transition in services, we may not be able to meet the demands of our customers and, in turn, our business and results of operations could be adversely impacted.
acquisitions, joint ventures and other transactions involve risks and we may not realize the expected benefits because of integration difficulties, underperformance relative to our expectations and other challenges.
as part of our growth strategy, we regularly consider and enter into strategic transactions, including mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures, licensing arrangements and other relationships (collectively referred to as "transactions"), with the expectation that these transactions will result in various benefits. our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of these transactions is subject to numerous uncertainties and risks, including our ability to integrate operations, resources and systems in an efficient and effective manner. we could also face challenges in implementing business plans; changes in laws and regulations or conditions imposed by regulations applicable to the business; retaining key employees; and general competitive factors in the marketplace. these events could result in increased costs, decreases in expected revenues, earnings or cash flow, and goodwill or other intangible asset impairment charges. further, we may finance transactions by issuing common stock for some or all of the purchase price that could dilute the ownership interests of our shareholders, or by incurring additional debt that could impact our ability to access capital in the future.
in addition, effective internal controls are necessary to provide reliable and accurate financial reports and to mitigate the risk of fraud. the integration of businesses is likely to cause increasing complexity in our systems and internal controls and make them more difficult to manage. any difficulties in assimilating businesses into our control system could cause us to fail to meet our financial reporting obligations. ineffective internal controls also could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information that could negatively impact the trading price of our stock and our access to capital.
our business depends on our ability to effectively invest in, implement improvements to and properly maintain the uninterrupted operation and data integrity of our information technology and other business systems.
our business is highly dependent on maintaining both effective information systems and the integrity and timeliness of the data we use to serve our customers and health care professionals and to operate our business. if our data were found to be inaccurate or unreliable due to fraud or other error, or if we or our third-party service providers were to fail to maintain information systems and data integrity effectively, we could experience operational disruptions that may impact our customers and health care professionals and hinder our ability to establish appropriate pricing for products and services, retain and attract customers, establish reserves and report financial results timely and accurately and maintain regulatory compliance, among other things.
our information technology strategy and execution are critical to our continued success. increasing regulatory and legislative mandated changes will place additional demands on our information technology infrastructure that could have a direct impact on available resources for projects more directly tied to strategic initiatives. in addition, recent trends toward greater consumer engagement in health care require new and enhanced technologies including more sophisticated applications for mobile devices. we must continue to invest in long-term solutions that will enable us to anticipate customer needs and expectations, enhance the customer experience, act as a differentiator in the market and protect against cybersecurity risks and threats. our success is dependent, in large part, on maintaining the effectiveness of existing technology systems and continuing to deliver and enhance technology systems that support our business processes in a cost-efficient and resource-efficient manner. connectivity among technologies is becoming increasingly important. the failure of our health care technologies to operate seamlessly with other products could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. we must also develop new systems to meet current market standards and keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving industry and regulatory standards and customer needs. failure to do so may present compliance challenges and impede our ability to deliver services at a competitive cost. further, because system development projects are long-term in nature, they may be more costly than expected to complete and may not deliver the expected benefits upon completion.
in addition, our business is highly dependent upon our ability to perform, in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion, necessary business functions, such as claims processing and payment, internet support and customer call centers, and processing new and renewal business. unavailability, cyber-attack or other failure of one or more of our information technology or other systems could cause slower response times, resulting in claims not being processed as quickly as clients or customers desire, decreased levels of client or customer service and satisfaction, and harm to our reputation. because our information technology and other systems interface with and depend on third-party systems, we could experience service denials if demand for such service exceeds capacity or a third-party system fails or experiences an interruption. if sustained or repeated, such business interruptions, systems failures or service denials could have material adverse effects on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
as a large health services company, we are subject to cyber-attacks. if we are unable to prevent or contain the effects of any such attacks, we may suffer exposure to substantial liability, reputational harm, loss of revenue or other damages.
our business depends on our clients' and customers' willingness to entrust us with their health-related and other sensitive personal information. computer systems may be vulnerable to physical break-ins, computer viruses or malware, programming errors, attacks by third
back to contents part i item 1a. risk factors parties or similar disruptive problems. we have been, and will likely continue to be, the target of computer viruses or other malicious codes, unauthorized access, cyber-attacks or other computer-related penetrations. as we increase the amount of personal information that we store and share digitally, our exposure to data security and related cybersecurity risks increases including the risk of undetected attacks, damage, loss or unauthorized access or misappropriation of proprietary or personal information, and the cost of attempting to protect against these risks also increases. we have implemented security technologies, processes and procedures to protect consumer identity; however, there are no assurances that such measures will be effective against all types of breaches. the techniques used change frequently or are often not recognized until launched, because cyber-attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources including third parties such as external service providers. those parties may also attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers or other users of our systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our data or that of our customers. in addition, while we have certain standards for all vendors that provide us services, our vendors, and in turn, their own service providers, may become subject to a security breach as a result of their failure to perform in accordance with contractual arrangements.
the costs to eliminate or address security threats and vulnerabilities before or after a cyber-incident could be significant. our remediation efforts may not be successful and could result in interruptions, delays, or cessation of service and loss of existing or potential customers.
in addition, breaches of our security measures and the unauthorized dissemination of sensitive personal information or proprietary information or confidential information about us, our customers or other third-parties could expose our customers' private information and our customers to the risk of financial or medical identity theft. unauthorized dissemination of confidential and proprietary information about our business and strategy also could negatively affect the achievement of our strategic initiatives. such events would also negatively affect our ability to compete, others' trust in us, our reputation, customer base and revenues and expose us to mandatory disclosure to the media, litigation and other enforcement proceedings, material fines, penalties and/or remediation costs, and compensatory, special, punitive and statutory damages, consent orders and other adverse actions, any of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity.
our pharmacy benefit management business and related operations are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that are in addition to those we face in our health care business.
notwithstanding our arrangement with a third-party vendor for certain pharmacy benefit management services, we remain responsible to regulators and our clients and customers for the delivery of those pharmacy benefit management services that we contract to provide. this business is subject to federal and state regulation, including without limitation, federal and state anti-remuneration laws, erisa, hipaa and laws related to the operation of internet and mail-service pharmacies. in addition, certain of our subsidiaries are pharmacies subject to state licensing and u.s. drug enforcement agency registration requirements and state and federal laws concerning labeling, packaging, advertising, handling and adulteration of prescription drugs and dispensing of controlled substances. noncompliance with applicable regulations by us or our third-party vendor(s) could have material adverse effects on our business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and reputation.
our pharmacy benefit management business also would be adversely affected by an inability to contract on favorable terms with pharmaceutical manufacturers and we could suffer liability exposure and reputational harm in connection with purported errors by mail order or retail pharmacy businesses.
in operating onsite clinics and other types of medical facilities, we may be subject to additional liability that could result in significant time and expense.
in addition to contracting with physicians and other health care providers for services, we employ physicians and other health care professionals at onsite low acuity and primary care clinics that we operate for our customers, as well as certain clinics for our employees. in addition, our government business operates livingwell health centers and we own and operate multispecialty health care centers, low acuity clinics and other types of centers in the phoenix, arizona metropolitan area that employ physicians and other health care professionals. as a direct employer of health care professionals and as an owner or operator of medical facilities, we are subject to liability for negligent acts, omissions, or injuries occurring at one of these clinics or caused by one of our employees. even if any claims brought against us are unsuccessful or without merit, we still have to defend against such claims. the defense of any actions may result in significant expenses that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and reputation.
our business is subject to substantial government regulation, as well as new laws or regulations or changes in existing laws or regulations that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
our business is regulated at the federal, state, local and international levels. the laws and rules governing our business and related interpretations, including, among others, those associated with the health care reform act, are increasing in number and complexity, are subject to frequent change and can be inconsistent or in conflict with each other. as a public company with global operations, we are subject to the laws of multiple jurisdictions and the rules and regulations of various governing bodies, such as those related to financial and other disclosures, corporate governance, privacy, data protection, labor and employment, consumer protection, tax and anti-corruption.
we must identify, assess and respond to new trends in the legislative and regulatory environment, as well as comply with the various existing regulations applicable to our business. existing or future laws, rules, regulatory interpretations or judgments could force us to change how we conduct our business, restrict revenue and enrollment growth, increase health care, technology and administrative costs including capital requirements, and require enhancements to our compliance infrastructure and internal controls environment. existing or future laws and rules also could require us to take other actions such as changing our business practices, thereby increasing our liability in federal and state courts for coverage determinations, contract interpretation and other actions.
back to contents part i item 1a. risk factors in the foreseeable future, the impact of existing regulations and future regulatory and legislative changes could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows by, among other things:
increasing health care or other benefit costs through enhanced or guaranteed coverage requirements;
increasing operating costs through the imposition of reporting or administrative requirements;
increasing operating costs through the imposition of new regulatory requirements, increased taxes and other financial assessments;
restricting our ability to increase premium rates to meet costs (including denial or delays in approval and implementation of those rates);
limiting the level of margin we can earn on premiums through mandated minimum medical loss ratios and required rebates in the event we do not meet mandated minimum ratios;
restricting our ability to participate in and derive revenue from government sponsored programs; and
specifically, in the united states, significant changes have occurred in the health care system as a result of the health care reform act. substantially all of the key provisions of the health care reform act are now effective. while federal agencies have published interim and final regulations with respect to certain requirements, many issues remain uncertain.
the new trump administration and the u.s. congress may seek to modify, repeal or replace all or part of this health care reform legislation. these efforts began when president trump signed an executive order in january 2017 that instructs agencies to waive, defer, grant exemptions from, or delay the implementation of any provision of the health care reform act that poses a financial burden. as a result, it is difficult to predict the continuing impact of the health care reform act on our business. in addition, the continuing development of implementing regulations and interpretive guidance and legal challenges has contributed to this uncertainty. we are unable to predict how these events will develop and what impact they will have on the health care reform act, and in turn, on our business including, but not limited to, our products, services, processes and technology and on our relationships with current and future customers, producers and health care providers.
further, if we fail to effectively implement or adjust our strategic and operational initiatives, such as by reducing operating costs, adjusting premium pricing or benefit design or transforming our business model in response to the health care reform act and any other future legislative or regulatory changes, this failure may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, including, but not limited to, our ability to maintain the value of our goodwill and other intangible assets.
our insurance and hmo subsidiaries must be licensed by and are subject to the regulations of the jurisdictions in which they conduct business. for example, health maintenance organizations and insurance companies are regulated under specific state laws and regulations and indirectly affected by other health care-related laws and regulations. state regulations mandate minimum capital or restricted cash reserve requirements. in addition, state guaranty fund laws and related regulations subject us to assessments for certain obligations to policyholders and claimants of impaired or insolvent insurance companies (including state insurance cooperatives). any such assessment could expose our insurance entities and other insurers to the risk of paying a portion of an impaired or insolvent insurance company's claims through state guaranty association assessments. we also participate in the private exchange marketplace. whether and the extent to which states may issue regulations that apply to private exchanges remains uncertain.
in addition to the regulations discussed above, we are required to obtain and maintain insurance and other regulatory approvals to market many of our products, increase prices for certain regulated products and consummate some of our acquisitions and dispositions. delays in obtaining or failure to obtain or maintain these approvals could reduce our revenue or increase our costs.
the health care industry is also regularly subject to negative media attention, including as a result of the political environment and the ongoing debate concerning the health care reform act. such publicity may adversely affect our stock price and reputation in certain markets.
for more information on regulation, see "business — regulation" in part i, item 1 of this form 10-k. see also the description of the health care reform act's minimum medical loss ratio and customer rebate requirements in the "business — global health care" section beginning on page 3 of this form 10-k.
there are various risks associated with participating in government sponsored programs, such as medicare, including dependence upon government funding, changes occurring as a result of the health care reform act, compliance with government contracts and increased regulatory oversight.
through our government business, we contract with cms and various state governmental agencies to provide managed health care services including medicare advantage plans and medicare-approved prescription drug plans. revenues from medicare programs are dependent, in whole or in part, upon annual funding from the federal government through cms and/or applicable state or local governments. funding for these programs is dependent on many factors outside our control including general economic conditions, continuing government efforts to contain health care costs and budgetary constraints at the federal or applicable state or local level and general political issues and priorities. these entities generally have the right to not renew or cancel their contracts with us on short notice without cause or if funds are not available. unanticipated changes in funding, such as the application of sequestration by the federal or state governments, could substantially reduce our revenues and profitability.
the medicare program has been the subject of regulatory reform initiatives, including the health care reform act. the premium rates paid to medicare advantage plans and medicare part d plans are established by contract, although the rates differ depending on a combination of
back to contents part i item 1a. risk factors factors, many of which are outside our control. the health care reform act ties a portion of each medicare advantage plan's and medicare part d plan's reimbursement to the plan's "star rating" by cms, with those plans receiving a rating of four or more stars eligible for quality-based bonus payments. the star rating system considers various measures adopted by cms, including, for example, quality of care, preventative services, chronic illness management, coverage appeals and customer satisfaction. our medicare advantage plans' and medicare part d plans' operating results, premium revenue and benefit offerings are likely to continue to be significantly determined by their star ratings. in october 2016, cms announced 2017 star ratings and the projected star ratings for plans offered by certain subsidiaries of the company included certain reductions that are primarily attributable to our cms audit. there is no financial impact in 2017 because these ratings apply to plans for the 2018 payment year. however, if we are unsuccessful in restoring at least some of our downgraded star ratings measures, the effect in 2018 could be material to shareholders' net income. see part ii, item 7 — management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of information — health care industry developments and other matters affecting our global health care segment for additional information on the impact of the downgraded 2018 star rating measures.
contracts with cms and the various state governmental agencies contain certain provisions regarding data submission, provider network maintenance, quality measures, claims payment, continuity of care, call center performance and other requirements. if we fail to comply with these requirements, we may be subject to administrative actions, fines or other penalties that could impact our profitability.
the health care reform act required establishing health insurance exchanges for individuals and small employers. insurers participating on the health insurance exchanges are required to offer a minimum level of benefits and comply with requirements with respect to premium rates and coverage limitations. our participation in these exchanges involves uncertainties associated with mix and volume of business and could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
in addition, any failure to comply with various state and federal health care laws and regulations, including those directed at preventing fraud and abuse in government funded programs, could result in investigations or litigation, such as actions under the federal false claims act and similar whistleblower statutes under state laws. this could subject us to fines, limits on expansion, restrictions or exclusions from programs or other agreements with federal or state governmental agencies that could adversely impact our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, our medicare advantage and medicare part d businesses face a number of other risks including potential uncollectible receivables resulting from processing and/or verifying enrollment, inadequate underwriting assumptions, inability to receive and process correct information or increased medical or pharmaceutical costs. actual results may be materially different than our assumptions and estimates regarding these complex and wide-ranging programs that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we face risks related to litigation, regulatory audits and investigations.
we are routinely involved in numerous claims, lawsuits, regulatory audits, investigations and other legal matters arising in the ordinary course of business, including that of administering and insuring employee benefit programs. these legal matters could include benefit claims, breach of contract actions, tort claims, claims arising from consumer protection laws, claims disputes under federal or state laws and disputes regarding reinsurance arrangements, employment and employment discrimination-related suits, antitrust claims, employee benefit claims, wage and hour claims, tax, privacy, intellectual property and whistle blower claims and real estate disputes. in addition, we have incurred and likely will continue to incur liability for practices and claims related to our health care business, such as marketing misconduct, failure to timely or appropriately pay for or provide health care, provider network structure, poor outcomes for care delivered or arranged, provider disputes including disputes over compensation or contractual provisions, and claims related to our administration of self-funded business. there are currently, and may be in the future, attempts to bring class action lawsuits against the industry; or individual plaintiffs also may bring multiple claims regarding the same subject matter against us and other companies in our industry.
with respect to our global operations, contractual rights, laws and regulations may be subject to interpretation or uncertainty to a greater degree than in the u.s., and therefore subject us to disputes by customers, governmental authorities or others.
court decisions and legislative activity may increase our exposure for any of these types of claims. in some cases, substantial non-economic or punitive damages may be sought. we seek to procure insurance coverage to cover some of these potential liabilities. however, certain potential liabilities may not be covered by insurance, insurers may dispute coverage or the amount of insurance may be insufficient to cover the entire damages awarded. in addition, certain types of damages, such as punitive damages, may not be covered by insurance, and insurance coverage for all or certain forms of liability may become unavailable or prohibitively expensive in the future. it is possible that the resolution of current or future legal matters and claims could result in losses material to our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
we are frequently the subject of regulatory market conduct and other reviews, audits and investigations by state insurance and health and welfare departments, attorneys general, cms and the oig and comparable authorities in foreign jurisdictions. with respect to our medicare advantage business, cms and oig perform audits to determine a health plan's compliance with federal regulations and contractual obligations, including compliance with proper coding practices and fraud and abuse enforcement practices through audits designed to detect and correct improper payments, and the doj has requested information regarding these practices. there also continues to be heightened review by federal and state regulators of business and reporting practices within the health care and disability insurance industry and increased scrutiny by other state and federal governmental agencies (such as state attorneys general) empowered to bring criminal actions in circumstances that could have previously given rise only to civil or administrative proceedings. these regulatory audits or reviews or actions by other governmental agencies could result in changes to our business practices, retroactive adjustments to certain premiums, significant fines, penalties, civil liabilities, criminal liabilities or other sanctions, including restrictions on our ability to market certain products or engage in business-related activities, that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation, financial condition and liquidity. in addition, disclosure of an adverse investigation or audit or the imposition of fines or other sanctions in addition to the cms sanctions discussed below could negatively affect our reputation in certain markets and make it more difficult for us to sell our products and services.
in january 2016, cms issued to the company a notice of imposition of immediate intermediate sanctions (the "notice"). the notice requires the company to suspend certain enrollment and marketing activities for its medicare advantage-prescription drug and medicare part d plans.
back to contents part i item 1a. risk factors the company is working to resolve these matters as quickly as possible. however, these matters were not resolved in time to participate in the 2017 medicare advantage and part d annual enrollment period for 2017. see part ii, item 7 — management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of information — health care industry developments and other matters affecting our global health care segment for additional information on the impact of the downgraded 2018 star rating measures.
a description of material pending legal actions and other legal and regulatory matters is included in note 21 to our consolidated financial statements included in this form 10-k. the outcome of litigation and other legal or regulatory matters is always uncertain, and outcomes that are not justified by the evidence or existing law can occur.
if we fail to comply with applicable privacy, security, and data laws, regulations and standards, our business and reputation could be materially and adversely affected.
the collection, maintenance, protection, use, transmission, disclosure and disposal of sensitive personal information are regulated at the federal, state, international and industry levels and requirements are imposed on us by contracts with clients. in some cases, such laws, rules, regulations and contractual requirements also apply to our vendors and require us to obtain written assurances of their compliance with such requirements or may hold us liable for any violations by our vendors. international laws, rules and regulations governing the use and disclosure of such information are generally more stringent than in the united states, and they vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. we also are subject to various other consumer protection laws that regulate our communications with customers.
these laws, rules, and contractual requirements are subject to change. compliance with new privacy, security and data laws, regulations and requirements may result in increased operating costs, and may constrain or require us to alter our business model or operations. for example, the hitech amendments to hipaa may further restrict our ability to collect, disclose and use sensitive personal information and may impose additional compliance requirements on our business.
hipaa requires covered entities to comply with the hipaa privacy, security and breach rules. in addition, business associates must comply with the hippa security and breach requirements. while we provide for appropriate protections through our contracts with our third-party service providers and in certain cases assess their security controls, we have limited oversight or control over their actions and practices. several of our businesses act as business associates to their covered entity customers and, as a result, collect, use, disclose and maintain sensitive personal information in order to provide services to these customers. hhs has continued its audit program to assess hipaa compliance efforts by covered entities and has expanded it to include business associates. in addition, hhs has increased its enforcement efforts. these efforts result in enforcement actions that are the result of investigations brought on by the notification to hhs of a breach. an audit resulting in findings or allegations of noncompliance or the implementation of an enforcement action could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
effective prevention, detection and control systems are critical to maintain regulatory compliance and prevent fraud and failure of these systems could adversely affect us.
federal and state governments have made investigating and prosecuting health care and other insurance fraud and abuse a priority. fraud and abuse prohibitions encompass a wide range of activities including kickbacks for referral of customers, billing for unnecessary medical services, improper marketing, and violations of patient privacy rights. the regulations and contractual requirements applicable to us are complex and subject to change. in addition, ongoing vigorous law enforcement, a highly technical regulatory scheme and the dodd-frank act legislation and related regulations enhance regulators' enforcement powers and whistleblower incentives and protections. our compliance efforts in this area will continue to require significant resources. failure of our prevention, detection or control systems related to regulatory compliance or the failure of employees to comply with our internal policies including data systems security or unethical conduct by managers and employees, could adversely affect our reputation and also expose us to litigation and other proceedings, fines and penalties.
in addition, provider or customer fraud that is not prevented or detected could impact our medical costs or those of our self-insured clients. further, during an economic downturn, we may experience increased fraudulent claims volume that may lead to additional costs due to an increase in disputed claims and litigation.
significant stock market or interest rate declines could result in additional unfunded pension obligations resulting in the need for additional plan funding by us and increased pension expenses.
we currently have unfunded obligations in our frozen pension plans. a significant decline in the value of the plans' equity and fixed income investments or unfavorable changes in applicable laws or regulations could materially increase our expenses and change the timing and amount of required plan funding. this could reduce the cash available to us, including our subsidiaries. we also are exposed to interest rate and equity risk associated with our pension and other post-retirement obligations. sustained declines in interest rates could have an adverse impact on the funded status of our pension plans and our reinvestment yield on new investments. see note 15 to our consolidated financial statements for more information on our obligations under the pension plan.
significant changes in market interest rates affect the value of our financial instruments that promise a fixed return or benefit and the value of particular assets and liabilities.
as an insurer, we have substantial investment assets that support insurance and contractholder deposit liabilities. generally low levels of interest rates on investments, such as those experienced in u.s. and foreign financial markets during recent years, have negatively impacted our level of investment income earned in recent periods.
a substantial portion of our investment assets are in fixed interest-yielding debt securities of varying maturities, fixed redeemable preferred securities and commercial mortgage loans. the value of these investment assets can fluctuate significantly with changes in market conditions.
back to contents part i item 1a. risk factors a rise in interest rates would likely reduce the value of our investment portfolio and increase interest expense if we were to access our available lines of credit.
a downgrade in the financial strength ratings of our insurance subsidiaries could adversely affect new sales and retention of current business, and a downgrade in our debt ratings would increase the cost of borrowed funds and negatively affect our ability to access capital.
financial strength, claims paying ability and debt ratings by recognized rating organizations are each important factors in establishing the competitive position of insurance and health benefits companies. ratings information by nationally recognized ratings agencies is broadly disseminated and generally used throughout the industry. we believe that the claims paying ability and financial strength ratings of our principal insurance subsidiaries are important factors in marketing our products to certain customers. our debt ratings impact both the cost and availability of future borrowings, and accordingly, our cost of capital. each of the rating agencies reviews ratings periodically and there can be no assurance that current ratings will be maintained in the future. a downgrade of these ratings in the future could make it more difficult to either market our products successfully or raise capital to support business growth within our insurance subsidiaries.
global market, economic and geopolitical conditions may cause fluctuations in equity market prices, interest rates and credit spreads that could impact our ability to raise or deploy capital and affect our overall liquidity.
if the equity and credit markets experience extreme volatility and disruption, there could be downward pressure on stock prices and credit capacity for certain issuers without regard to those issuers' underlying financial strength. extreme disruption in the credit markets could adversely impact our availability and cost of credit in the future. in addition, unpredictable or unstable market conditions or continued pressure in the global or u.s. economy could result in reduced opportunities to find suitable opportunities to raise capital.
as of december 31, 2016, our outstanding long-term debt totaled $4.8 billion. in the event of adverse economic and industry conditions, we may be required to dedicate a greater percentage of our cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our debt, thereby reducing the funds we have available for other purposes, such as investments in ongoing businesses, acquisitions, dividends and stock repurchases. in these circumstances, our ability to execute our strategy may be limited, our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in business and market conditions may be reduced, or our access to capital markets may be limited such that additional capital may not be available or may be available only on unfavorable terms.
unfavorable developments in economic conditions may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
global economic conditions continue to be challenging. many factors, including geopolitical issues, confidence in any economic recoveries and any future economic downturns, availability and cost of credit and other capital and consumer spending can negatively impact expectations for the u.s. and global economies. our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by the impact of unfavorable economic conditions on our customers (both employers and individuals), health care providers and third-party vendors. for example:
because of unfavorable economic conditions or the health care reform act, employers may stop offering health care coverage to employees or elect to offer this coverage on a voluntary, employee-funded basis as a means to reduce their operating costs.
our historical disability claim experience and industry data indicate that submitted disability claims rise under adverse economic conditions.
a prolonged unfavorable economic environment could adversely impact the financial position of hospitals and other health care providers, potentially increasing our medical costs as these providers attempt to maintain revenue levels in their efforts to adjust to their own economic challenges.
our third-party vendors could significantly and quickly increase their prices or reduce their output to reduce their operating costs. our business depends on our ability to perform necessary business functions in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion.
in addition, during a prolonged unfavorable economic environment, state and federal budgets could be materially and adversely affected, resulting in reduced reimbursements or payments in state and federal government programs such as medicare and social security. these state and federal budgetary pressures also could cause the government to impose new or a higher level of taxes or assessments on us, such as premium taxes on insurance companies and hmos and surcharges or fees on select fee-for-service and capitated medical claims. although we could attempt to mitigate or cover our exposure from such increased costs through, among other things, increases in premiums, there can be no assurance that we will be able to mitigate or cover all of such costs, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
back to contents part i item 1a. risk factors we are subject to the credit risk of our reinsurers.
we enter into reinsurance arrangements with other insurance companies, primarily to limit losses from large exposures or to permit recovery of a portion of direct losses. we also may enter into reinsurance arrangements in connection with acquisition or divestiture transactions when the underwriting company is not being acquired or sold.
under all reinsurance arrangements, reinsurers assume insured losses, subject to certain limitations or exceptions that may include a loss limit. these arrangements also subject us to various obligations, representations and warranties with the reinsurers. reinsurance does not relieve us of liability as the originating insurer. we remain liable to the underlying policyholders if a reinsurer defaults on obligations under the reinsurance arrangement. although we regularly evaluate the financial condition of reinsurers to minimize exposure to significant losses from reinsurer insolvencies, reinsurers may become financially unsound. if a reinsurer fails to meet its obligations under the reinsurance contract or if the liabilities exceed any applicable loss limit, we will be forced to cover the claims on the reinsured policies.
the collectability of amounts due from reinsurers is subject to uncertainty arising from a number of factors, including whether the insured losses meet the qualifying conditions of the reinsurance contract, whether reinsurers or their affiliates have the financial capacity and willingness to make payments under the terms of the reinsurance contract, and the magnitude and type of collateral supporting our reinsurance recoverable, such as holding sufficient qualifying assets in trusts or letters of credit issued. although a portion of our reinsurance exposures are secured, the inability to collect a material recovery from a reinsurer could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
the pendency of and uncertainty surrounding the proposed merger with anthem, inc. could adversely affect our business.
on february 8, 2017, the u.s. district court for the district of columbia (the "district court") issued an order enjoining the proposed merger with anthem. an appeal of the district court's order is now pending before the appeals court. cigna entered into the merger agreement in order to create a combined company that would expand choice, improve affordability and quality, and further accelerate value-based care. if the merger is not consummated as originally proposed, we will not realize any potential benefits of the merger. in addition, as discussed below under "– the ongoing litigation related to the merger agreement could adversely affect our business, financial results and operations," we and anthem are involved in pending litigation against each other. cigna believes that, after the ruling by the district court to enjoin the merger, terminating the merger agreement is in the best interest of our shareholders. our inability to terminate the merger agreement could create uncertainty and disruptions to our business, delay or prevent us from pursuing other strategic opportunities or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial results and operations. it is uncertain whether the merger will be consummated or when or if we will be able to terminate the merger agreement, as further discussed below under "– the ongoing litigation related to the merger agreement could adversely affect our business, financial results and operations".
the pendency of the merger, and the uncertainty surrounding whether the merger will be consummated or terminated, may cause disruptions to our business, which could adversely affect our relationships with our clients, customers, providers, lenders, vendors and/or employees. as a result of this uncertainty, we could also potentially lose or fail to attract new key employees, clients, vendors and our provider arrangements could be disrupted. in addition, we have diverted, and will continue to divert, management resources towards the proposed merger. the proposed merger will continue to divert management's attention and our resources from ongoing business and operations and other business opportunities. any disruption to our workforce, business relationships or leadership could adversely affect our business, financial results and operations.
the merger agreement provides for ongoing restrictions on the conduct of our business including, among other things, certain restrictions on our ability to acquire other businesses, sell, transfer or license our assets, repurchase outstanding common stock, make capital expenditures, amend our organizational documents and incur indebtedness. we remain subject to these restrictions pursuant to the temporary restraining order from the chancery court, as further discussed below under "– the ongoing litigation related to the merger agreement could adversely affect our business, financial results and operations". these restrictions could result in our inability to respond effectively to competitive pressures, industry developments and future opportunities.
furthermore, we have incurred and will continue to incur significant transaction costs with respect to the proposed merger, including legal and other costs. the incurrence of these costs could adversely affect our business, financial results and operations.
the ongoing litigation related to the merger agreement could adversely affect our business, financial results and operations.
on february 14, 2017, we notified anthem that we had terminated the merger agreement and filed suit in the delaware court of chancery (the "chancery court") seeking, among other things, declaratory judgments that the company's termination of the merger agreement is lawful and that anthem is not permitted to extend the termination date to april 30, 2017. in the filed suit, we are also seeking payment by anthem of the $1.85 billion reverse termination fee contemplated in the merger agreement, as well as additional damages. later that day, anthem filed suit against us seeking a temporary restraining order preventing the termination of the merger agreement, specific performance and damages. on february 15, 2017, the chancery court issued an order temporarily enjoining cigna from terminating the merger agreement. such litigation could be costly, create uncertainty with respect to the future of our business or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial results and operations.
while we believe in the merits of our claims and dispute anthem's claims, the outcomes of lawsuits are inherently unpredictable, and we may be unsuccessful in the ongoing litigation or any future claims or litigation. the chancery court may find that we have not complied, in full or in part, with our obligations under the merger agreement, that we are liable for a breach, willful or otherwise, of the merger agreement, that we do not have a right to terminate the merger agreement, that we are not entitled to the reverse termination fee or other adverse findings. failure to collect all or some of the reverse termination fee would adversely affect our business, financial results and operations. anthem has claimed money damages in an amount to be proven at trial, including for actual damages, incidental damages, consequential damages, lost profits, lost goodwill, and other costs and damages incurred by anthem by reason of cigna's alleged breaches of the merger agreement. if anthem prevails on any of these claims for damages, cigna's liability could be substantial, and any such ruling could adversely affect our business, financial results and operations. finally, any binding or non-binding decision that delays or eliminates our ability to terminate the merger agreement could create uncertainty and disruptions to our business, delay or prevent us from pursuing other strategic opportunities or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial results and operations.
part i item 1b. unresolved staff comments
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
liquidity and capital resources         43
critical accounting estimates           46
global supplemental benefits            50
group disability and life               51
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") is intended to provide information to assist you in better understanding and evaluating our financial condition and results of operations. we encourage you to read this md&a in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k ("form 10-k") and the "risk factors" contained in part i, item 1a of this form 10-k.
unless otherwise indicated, financial information in the md&a is presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("gaap"). see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the company's significant accounting policies. in some of our financial tables in this md&a, we present either percentage changes or "n/m" when those changes are so large as to become not meaningful. changes in percentages are expressed in basis points ("bps").
in this md&a, our consolidated measures "operating revenues" and "adjusted income from operations" are not determined in accordance with gaap and should not be viewed as substitutes for the most directly comparable gaap measures "total revenues" and "shareholders' net income."
we use adjusted income (loss) from operations as our principal financial measure of operating performance because management believes it best reflects the underlying results of our business operations and permits analysis of trends in underlying revenue, expenses and profitability. we define adjusted income from operations as shareholders' net income (loss) excluding after-tax realized investment gains and losses, net amortization of other acquired intangible assets and special items. income or expense amounts are excluded from adjusted income from operations for the following reasons:
net amortization of other intangible assets is excluded because it relates to costs incurred for acquisitions and, as a result, it does not relate to the core performance of the company's business operations. in 2015, the amortization amount was net of a bargain purchase gain on an acquisition.
special items are excluded because management believes they are not representative of the underlying results of operations. see note 22 to the consolidated financial statements for descriptions of special items.
cigna corporation, together with its subsidiaries (either individually or collectively referred to as "cigna," the "company," "we," "our" or "us") is a global health services organization dedicated to a mission of helping individuals improve their health, well-being and sense of security. to execute on our mission, cigna's strategy is to "go deep", "go global" and "go individual" with a differentiated set of medical, dental, disability, life and accident insurance and related products and services offered by our subsidiaries. in addition to these ongoing operations, we also have certain run-off operations.
for further information on our business and strategy, please see item 1, "business" in this form 10-k.
back to contents part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations financial summary
global supplemental benefits                                 3,385              3,149              3,005       7                       5
group disability and life                                    4,443              4,271              3,970                       4                       8
global supplemental benefits                          294                262                243                12                      8
group disability and life                                      125                324                317                    (61)                       2
2016 and 2015 both reflected business growth in each of our ongoing reportable segments. rate actions for certain products within our commercial segment to recover medical cost trend also contributed to these increases.
2016 vs. 2015 – decrease was due to lower adjusted income from operations, primarily in the group disability and life segment. increased special item charges in 2016 (primarily higher merger costs and the 2016
2015 vs. 2014 – the slight increase primarily reflected higher adjusted income from operations and, to a lesser extent, the impact of share repurchase. these favorable effects were partially offset by lower realized investment results and 2015 charges for merger and debt extinguishment costs reported as special items.
back to contents part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
2016 vs. 2015 – decrease was driven by significantly lower earnings in group disability and life and costs related to the government segment's cms audit response. increased earnings contributions in global supplemental benefits and the commercial segment partially offset those unfavorable impacts.
2016 and 2015 both increased, including growth in the middle market, select and international market segments. the 2015 increase also reflected the acquisition of qualcare alliance networks, inc. as well as growth in the government market segment.
proposed merger with anthem, inc. ("anthem")
on july 23, 2015, we entered into a definitive agreement to merge with anthem, subject to certain terms, conditions and customary operating covenants, with anthem continuing as the surviving company. at special shareholders' meetings in december 2015, cigna shareholders approved the merger with anthem and anthem shareholders voted to approve the issuance of shares of anthem common stock according to the merger agreement. upon closing, our shareholders would receive $103.40 in cash and 0.5152 of a share of anthem common stock for each common share of the company. the closing price of anthem stock on february 22, 2017 was $163.27.
consummation of the merger is subject to certain customary conditions, including the receipt of certain necessary governmental and regulatory approvals, and the absence of a legal restraint prohibiting the consummation of the merger. on july 21, 2016, the u.s. department of justice ("doj") and certain state attorneys general filed a civil antitrust lawsuit in the u.s. district court for the district of columbia (the "district court") seeking to block the merger and, on january 4, 2017, the parties concluded the district court trial. on february 8, 2017, the district court issued an order enjoining the proposed merger. anthem appealed this ruling to the u.s. court of appeals for the district of columbia circuit (the "appeals court"). additionally, cigna appealed the district court ruling following the chancery court ruling described below.
on february 14, 2017, cigna delivered a notice to anthem terminating the merger agreement and filed suit in the delaware court of chancery (the "chancery court") seeking, among other things, declaratory judgment that cigna's termination of the merger agreement is lawful and that anthem does not have the right to extend the merger agreement termination date. later that day, anthem filed a lawsuit in the chancery court against us seeking, among other things, a temporary restraining order to enjoin cigna from terminating the merger agreement, specific performance and damages, and, on february 15, 2017, the chancery court issued an order temporarily enjoining us from terminating the merger agreement. this order will be subject to further review at a preliminary injunction hearing.
see notes 3 and 21 to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for additional information about the proposed merger. see item 1a. – risk factors in this form 10-k for risks to our business due to the proposed merger.
part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations health care industry developments and other matters affecting our global health care segment
the "regulation" section of this form 10-k provides a detailed description of the patient protection and affordable care act (the "health care reform act" or "aca") provisions and other legislative initiatives that impact our health care business, including regulations issued by the centers for medicare and medicaid services ("cms") and the departments of the treasury and health and human services ("hhs"). the table presented below provides further details related to the impact of key aca-related items and certain other regulatory matters affecting our global health care segment.
item                                                description medicare advantage ("ma")                           cms actions: in january 2016, cms issued a notice of imposition of immediate intermediate sanctions (the "notice") to the company. the notice required us to suspend certain enrollment and marketing activities for medicare advantage-prescription drug and medicare part d plans. the sanctions do not impact the right of current enrollees to remain covered by our medicare advantage-prescription drug or medicare part d plans.
although we continue to devote resources to our remediation efforts, we expect remediation costs in 2017 to be significantly lower than 2016. for 2016, costs related to our cms audit response were approximately $100 million after-tax. see note 21 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
while these matters were not resolved in time to participate in the 2017 medicare advantage and part d annual enrollment period, we continue to work with cms to address the audit findings and have the sanctions lifted as quickly as possible. we expect to have these sanctions lifted in time to participate in the 2018 annual enrollment period. the impact of disenrollment was not material to 2016 consolidated revenues and earnings. in 2017, medicare enrollment and consolidated revenues will be materially impacted due to our inability to participate in 2017 annual enrollment. however, management does not anticipate that 2017
shareholders' net income will be materially affected because we expect to offset the margin impact of the revenue loss with several factors including significantly lower costs to remediate the sanctions and other operational efficiencies.
on october 12, 2016, cms announced medicare star quality ratings ("star ratings") for 2017 (see item 1 — business and item 1a. — risk factors in this form 10-k for additional discussion of star ratings programs). while star ratings are based on a number of plan performance measures that are evaluated each year, the projected star ratings for our plans included certain reductions that are primarily attributable to our cms audit discussed above. under these revised star ratings, approximately 20% of our medicare advantage customers are expected to be in a 4 stars or greater plan. we do not believe that these star ratings reflect the quality offerings cigna-healthspring provides to beneficiaries.
we filed a reconsideration request with cms, which was denied, and will work fully with cms through their process as well as consider additional alternatives with the objective that the final star ratings more accurately reflect our performance under the star ratings measures. we remain committed to our partnership with cms and to delivering quality products and services to seniors, while working to mitigate the impact these star ratings could have on our offerings in 2018. there is no financial impact in 2016 or 2017 because these ratings apply to plans for the 2018 payment year. however, if we are unsuccessful in restoring at least some of the star ratings, the effect in 2018 could be material to shareholders' net income. the actual impact on earnings in 2018 could potentially be offset in part by our ability to restore some or all of our downgraded 2018 star rating measures, modify our product offerings and implement operational efficiencies in the government business.
health care reform act taxes and fees               health insurance industry tax: this non-deductible tax is being levied based on a ratio of an insurer's net health insurance premiums written for the previous calendar year compared to
$240 million in 2014. because this tax is not deductible for federal income tax purposes, it negatively impacts our effective tax rate. of the full year 2016 tax, $170 million relates to our commercial business and $140 million to our government business.
for our commercial business, we incorporated the industry tax into target pricing actions. for our medicare business, although we have partially mitigated the effect of the tax through benefit changes and customer premium increases, the combination of the tax and lower ma rates reduced margins in the government operating segment in both 2016 and 2015.
in december 2015, federal appropriations legislation imposed a one-year moratorium on the industry tax for 2017, with reinstatement expected in 2018. our target pricing actions related to 2017 and 2018 plan years will consider the impacts of this legislation. the moratorium in 2017 is expected to lower our effective tax rate.
• reinsurance fee                                   reinsurance fee: this fee, applicable only for 2014-2016, was a fixed dollar per customer levy that applied to both insured and self-insured major medical plans excluding certain products such as medicare advantage and medicare part d. proceeds from the fee were used to fund the reinsurance program for non-grandfathered individual business sold either on or off the public exchanges. for our insured business, the amount of the tax-deductible fee was approximately $45 million in 2016, $70 million in 2015 and $110 million in 2014. the declines from 2014 to 2016 reflect annual per-customer levies of $27 in 2016, $44 in 2015 and $63 in 2014.
back to contents part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations risk mitigation programs
the following table presents the after-tax benefits to shareholders' net income from these programs for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 and our net receivable balances as of december 31, 2016 and 2015.
for the reinsurance program, receivables are reported in reinsurance recoverables. receivables, net of allowances, for the risk adjustment and risk corridor programs are reported in premiums, accounts and notes receivable. payables for the risk adjustment program as of december 31, 2016 of $51 million are netted in the receivable balance presented above, but are reported in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets.
as of september 30, 2016, the company's risk corridor receivable was $124 million pre-tax. an unfavorable court decision was issued during the fourth quarter rejecting another insurer's statutory, contractual and constitutional claims for payment of risk corridor receivables (land of lincoln mutual health insurance company v. united states). based on this decision, as well as the large risk corridor program deficit, under applicable accounting rules, the company determined it was required to establish an allowance for all of the $124 million of receivables associated with the risk corridor program. in addition, the company was unable to recognize $25 million pre-tax income for incremental fourth quarter risk corridor receivables. this court case is under appeal and notwithstanding the accounting reflected, management continues to believe that the government has a binding obligation to satisfy the risk corridor receivable. we expect full payment of the remaining reinsurance and risk adjustment receivables.
part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations consolidated results of operations
other benefit expenses                                                 5,477               4,936               4,640               541                11                296                  6
benefits and expenses                                                 36,689              34,549              31,610             2,140                 6              2,939                  9
special items:
– charges associated with litigation matters discussed in note 21 to the consolidated financial statements       25                       –                 –           25                                     –
special items – see note 22 for details                                     0.97              0.47                   –           0.50                              0.47
back to contents part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations consolidated results of operations: 2016 compared to 2015 and 2015 compared to 2014
•premiums. the increases in both 2016 and 2015, compared with each prior year, reflected premium growth in each of our ongoing reporting segments: global health care, global supplemental benefits and group disability and life. these results were primarily attributable to customer growth in our targeted market segments within global health care, as well as growth in global supplemental benefits and group disability and life. rate actions in our commercial health care businesses consistent with medical cost trend also contributed to these increases.
and 2015, compared with each prior year, largely reflected growth from specialty products offered through our global health care segment and an increased customer base for our administrative services only business.
and 2015, compared with each prior year, as lower investment yields in the continued low interest rate environment were partially offset by higher average invested assets. unfavorable foreign currency effects also contributed to these declines.
and 2015, compared with each prior year, driven by greater volume, primarily for specialty medications (e.g., certain injectables) due to our higher customer base and increased utilization.
compared with 2015 due to significantly lower impairment losses. in 2015, realized investment results decreased compared with 2014, primarily due to higher impairment losses on certain externally managed fixed maturities, particularly within the energy sector. these impairments were driven by increased market yields. see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
global health care medical costs.  the increase in 2016 compared with 2015 resulted primarily from medical cost trend and customer growth in our commercial health care businesses. the 2015 increase compared with 2014 was primarily due to customer growth in our government business and, to a lesser extent, medical cost trend.
other benefit expenses.  the increase in 2016 compared with 2015 was driven by unfavorable disability and life claim experience due primarily to changes in the disability claims management process in 2016 and elevated life claims during the second quarter of 2016. business growth in our group disability and life and global supplemental benefits segments also contributed to the increase. in 2015, the increase compared with 2014 primarily reflected business growth in our group disability and life and global supplemental benefits segments.
mail order pharmacy costs.  the increases in both 2016 and 2015 compared with each prior year were primarily due to increased volume, primarily for specialty medications (e.g., certain injectables) due to our higher customer base and increased utilization. in 2015, higher unit costs also contributed to the increase.
other operating expenses.  the increases in both 2016 and 2015 compared with each prior year were due to business growth, strategic investment across our segments and special items described in note 22 to the consolidated financial statements. in 2016, the increase also reflected costs associated with our cms audit response as discussed in the executive overview section of this md&a beginning on page 36.
amortization of other acquired intangible assets, net.  the increase in 2016 compared with 2015 was driven by the absence of the $23 million bargain purchase gain recorded in 2015 for an acquisition. this factor was partially offset by the expected continuing decline in amortization from our 2012 acquisition of healthspring, inc. the decrease in 2015 compared with 2014 reflects the impact of both the $23 million bargain purchase gain and the decline in healthspring amortization.
special items.  special item charges were higher in 2016 compared with 2015 primarily due to higher merger costs and the 2016 risk corridor allowance. special items charges were higher in 2015 compared with 2014 due to merger costs and losses on the early extinguishment of debt in 2015 and the absence of special items in 2014. see note 22 to the consolidated financial statements for additional details about special items.
consolidated effective tax rate.  the increase in our effective tax rate in 2016 compared with 2015 was largely driven by an increase in certain merger-related transaction costs reported in 2016 that are not tax deductible, partially offset by the tax benefits associated with adopting accounting standard update ("asu") 2016-09 as discussed in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements. the increase in the consolidated effective tax rate in 2015 was primarily driven by merger-related transaction costs in 2015 and the non-deductible health insurance industry tax assessed under the health care reform act. this tax was first assessed in 2014 and increased in 2015. see note 20 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information about income taxes.
part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations liquidity and capital resources
shareholders' equity              $13,723         $12,035         $10,774
liquidity
we maintain liquidity at two levels: the subsidiary level and the parent company level.
liquidity requirements at the subsidiary level generally consist of:
• medical costs and benefit payments to policyholders; • expense requirements, primarily for employee compensation and benefits, information technology and facilities costs; and • income taxes.
• maintaining appropriate levels of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments; • using cash flows from operating activities;
• matching investment durations to those estimated for the related insurance and contractholder liabilities; • selling investments; and • borrowing from affiliates, subject to applicable regulatory limits.
liquidity requirements at the parent company level generally consist of:
the parent company normally meets its liquidity requirements by:
• maintaining appropriate levels of cash and various types of marketable investments; • collecting dividends from its subsidiaries;
• using proceeds from issuance of debt and equity securities; and • borrowing from its subsidiaries.
net cash provided by operating activities (1)(2)       $4,026            $2,933            $2,158
net cash (used in) investing activities (2)            $(2,574)          $(1,736)          $(1,866)
net cash (used in) financing activities (1)            $(225)            $(609)            $(1,635)
as required in adopting asu 2016-09, we retrospectively reclassified $79 million in 2015 and $53 million in 2014 of cash payments from operating to financing activities. these payments were related to employee tax obligations associated with stock compensation. the comparable amount reported in financing activities in 2016 was $72 million. see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
as required in adopting asu 2016-15, the company retrospectively reclassified from investing to operating activities $137 million in 2015 and $111 million in 2014 of cash distributions from partnership earnings. the comparable amount reported in operating activities in 2016 was $144 million. see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
cash flows from operating activities consist of cash receipts and disbursements for premiums and fees, mail order pharmacy, other revenues, investment income, taxes, benefits and expenses. because certain income and expense transactions do not generate cash, and because cash transactions related to revenues and expenses may occur in periods different from when those revenues and expenses are recognized in shareholders' net income, cash flows from operating activities can be significantly different from shareholders' net income.
cash flows from investing activities generally consist of net investment purchases or sales and net purchases of property and equipment including capitalized software, as well as cash used to acquire businesses.
cash flows from financing activities are generally comprised of issuances and re-payment of debt at the parent company level, proceeds on the issuance of common stock resulting from stock option exercises, and stock repurchases. in addition, the subsidiaries report deposits to and withdrawals from investment contract liabilities (including universal life insurance liabilities) because such liabilities are considered financing activities with policyholders.
operating activities cash flows from operating activities increased in 2016 compared with 2015 due to higher receipts from medicare part d and medicare advantage programs.
cash flows from operating activities increased in 2015 compared with 2014 primarily driven by the volume and timing of government reimbursements and pharmacy considerations.
back to contents part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations investing activities cash used in investing activities increased in 2016 compared with 2015, due to higher purchases of fixed maturity investments. net cash used in investing activities decreased in 2015 compared with 2014 due to lower net purchases of fixed maturities.
financing activities cash used in financing activities decreased in 2016 compared with 2015, primarily due to lower share repurchases offset by lower proceeds from employees' exercise of stock options. cash used in financing activities decreased in 2015 compared with the same period in 2014, primarily reflecting lower share repurchases.
share repurchase we maintain a share repurchase program, authorized by our board of directors. under this program, we may repurchase shares from time to time, depending on market conditions and alternate uses of capital. the timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including price, general business and market conditions, and alternate uses of capital. the share repurchase program may be effected through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions in compliance with rule 10b-18 under the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended, including through rule 10b5-1 trading plans. the program may be suspended or discontinued at any time.
in 2016, we repurchased 0.8 million shares for $110 million. in february 2017, the board of directors increased repurchase authority to $3.7 billion, however management has determined that it is prudent to cap the amount of repurchase to $250 million per quarter until there is more clarity with respect to the litigation with anthem. from january 1, 2017 through february 22, 2017 we repurchased 0.7 million shares for $106 million. the total remaining share repurchase authorization as of february 22, 2017 was $3.7 billion. we repurchased 5.5 million shares for $683 million in 2015 and 18.5 million shares for $1.6 billion in 2014.
interest expense on long-term debt, short-term debt and capital leases was as follows:
capital resources
our capital resources (primarily retained earnings and proceeds from the issuance of debt and equity securities) provide protection for policyholders, furnish the financial strength to underwrite insurance risks and facilitate continued business growth.
management, guided by regulatory requirements and rating agency capital guidelines, determines the amount of capital resources that we maintain. management allocates resources to new long-term business commitments when returns, considering the risks, look promising and when the resources available to support existing business are adequate.
we prioritize our use of capital resources to:
provide the capital necessary to support growth and maintain or improve the financial strength ratings of subsidiaries and to fund pension obligations;
consider acquisitions that are strategically and economically advantageous; and
return capital to investors through share repurchase.
see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding capital restrictions imposed by our merger agreement with anthem. the availability of capital resources will be impacted by equity and credit market conditions. extreme volatility in credit or equity market conditions may reduce our ability to issue debt or equity securities.
liquidity and capital resources outlook
we expect, based on the parent company's current cash position and current projections for subsidiary dividends, to have sufficient liquidity to meet the obligations discussed above.
our cash projections may not be realized and the demand for funds could exceed available cash if our ongoing businesses experience unexpected shortfalls in earnings, or we experience material adverse effects from one or more risks or uncertainties described more fully in the risk factors section of this form 10-k. in those cases, we expect to have the flexibility to satisfy liquidity needs through a variety of measures, including intercompany borrowings and sales of liquid investments. the parent company may borrow up to $1.3 billion from its insurance subsidiaries without additional state approval. as of december 31, 2016, the parent company had $277 million of net intercompany loans
back to contents part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations payable to its insurance subsidiaries. alternatively, to satisfy parent company liquidity requirements we may use short-term borrowings, such as the commercial paper program, the committed revolving credit and letter of credit agreement of up to $1.5 billion subject to the maximum debt leverage covenant in its line of credit agreement. as of december 31, 2016, $1.5 billion of short-term borrowing capacity under the credit agreement was available to us. within the maximum debt leverage covenant in the line of credit agreement as described in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements, we have $9.7 billion of borrowing capacity in addition to the $5 billion of debt outstanding. this additional borrowing capacity includes the $1.5 billion available under the credit agreement.
though we believe we have adequate sources of liquidity, significant disruption or volatility in the capital and credit markets could affect our ability to access those markets for additional borrowings or increase costs associated with borrowing funds.
we maintain a capital management strategy to retain overseas a significant portion of the earnings from our foreign operations. as of december 31, 2016, undistributed earnings were approximately $2.5 billion. these undistributed earnings are deployed outside of the u.s. predominantly in support of the liquidity and regulatory capital requirements of our foreign operations. approximately $305 million of cash and cash equivalents held overseas would be subject to additional tax expense representing the difference between the u.s. and foreign tax rates, if repatriated. we continue to expect most of the undistributed earnings and future earnings to be reinvested to support growth initiatives overseas. this strategy does not materially limit our ability to meet our liquidity and capital needs in the u.s.
unfunded pension plan liability.   as of december 31, 2016, our unfunded pension liability was $911 million, reflecting a decrease of $42 million from december 31, 2015. the decrease in the unfunded liability reflected strong asset returns in line with our expectations and changes to our mortality assumptions based on an updated pension mortality improvement scale published in the fourth quarter of 2016. these factors were partially offset by a decrease of approximately 20 basis points in the weighted average assumed discount rate. in february 2017, we made a voluntary pension contribution of $150 million. we do not expect to make any additional pension contributions for the remainder of 2017, as there are no contributions required under the pension protection act of 2006. see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our pension plans.
solvency ii.   beginning in 2016, our businesses in the european union became subject to the directive on insurance regulation, solvency and governance requirements known as solvency ii. this directive imposes economic risk-based solvency and governance requirements and supervisory rules. our european insurance companies are capitalized at levels consistent with projected solvency ii requirements and in compliance with anticipated governance and technical capability requirements.
we are contingently liable for various contractual obligations entered into in the ordinary course of business. the maturities of our primary contractual cash obligations, as of december 31, 2016, are estimated to be as follows:
insurance liabilities:
contractholder deposit funds                   $6,680             $786              $1,006            $807              $4,081
future policy benefits                               11,319       553                     1,390             1,163             8,213
other long-term liabilities                             879               306               116                88               369
insurance liabilities.  contractual cash obligations for insurance liabilities, excluding unearned premiums, represent estimated net benefit payments for health, life and disability insurance policies and annuity contracts. recorded contractholder deposit funds reflect current fund balances primarily from universal life insurance customers. contractual cash obligations for these universal life contracts are estimated by projecting future payments using assumptions for lapse, withdrawal and mortality. these projected future payments include estimated future interest crediting on current fund balances based on current investment yields less the estimated cost of insurance charges and mortality and administrative fees. actual obligations in any single year will vary based on actual morbidity, mortality, lapse, withdrawal, investment and premium experience. the sum of the obligations presented above exceeds the corresponding insurance and contractholder liabilities of $21 billion recorded on the balance sheet because the recorded insurance liabilities reflect discounting for interest and the recorded contractholder liabilities exclude future interest crediting, charges and fees. we manage our investment portfolios to generate cash flows needed to satisfy contractual obligations. any shortfall from expected investment yields could result in increases to recorded reserves and adversely impact results of operations. the amounts associated with the sold retirement benefits and individual life insurance and annuity businesses, as well as the reinsured workers' compensation, personal accident and supplemental benefits businesses, are excluded from the table above as their related net cash flows associated with them are not expected to impact our cash flows. the total amount of these reinsured reserves excluded is approximately $5 billion. the expected future cash flows for guaranteed minimum death benefit ("gmdb") and guaranteed minimum income benefit ("gmib") contracts included in the table above (within future policy benefits and other long-term liabilities) do not consider any of the related reinsurance arrangements.
short-term debt represents current maturities of long-term debt, and current obligations under capital leases.
back to contents part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
long-term debt includes scheduled interest payments. capital leases are included in long-term debt and primarily represent obligations for it network storage, servers and equipment.
other long-term liabilities.  this table includes estimated payments for gmib contracts, pension and other postretirement and postemployment benefit obligations, supplemental and deferred compensation plans, interest rate and foreign currency swap contracts, and reinsurance liabilities. these items are presented in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets.
estimated payments of $75 million for deferred compensation, qualified, non-qualified and international pension plans and other postretirement and postemployment benefit plans are expected to be paid in less than one year, including a voluntary contribution to the qualified pension plan of $150 million made in february 2017. we do not expect to make any additional contributions to the qualified domestic pension plans during 2017. we expect to make payments subsequent to 2017 for these obligations, however subsequent payments have been excluded from the table as their timing is based on plan assumptions that may materially differ from actual activities. see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on pension and other postretirement benefit obligations.
purchase obligations.   as of december 31, 2016, purchase obligations consisted of estimated payments required under contractual arrangements for future services and investment commitments as follows:
fixed maturities                                               $26
limited liability entities (other long-term investments)             1,073
total investment commitments                                         1,168
future service commitments                                             275
see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
our estimated future service commitments primarily represent contracts for certain outsourced business processes and it maintenance and support. we generally have the ability to terminate these agreements, but do not anticipate doing so at this time. purchase obligations exclude contracts that are cancelable without penalty and those that do not contractually require minimum levels of goods or services to be purchased.
operating leases.   for additional information, see note 18 to the consolidated financial statements.
we are contingently liable for various financial and other guarantees provided in the ordinary course of business. see note 21 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on guarantees.
critical accounting estimates
the preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with gaap requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. management considers an accounting estimate to be critical if:
it requires assumptions to be made that were uncertain at the time the estimate was made; and
changes in the estimate or different estimates that could have been selected could have a material effect on our consolidated results of operations or financial condition.
management has discussed the development and selection of its critical accounting estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors and the audit committee has reviewed the disclosures presented below.
in addition to the estimates presented in the following table, there are other accounting estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements, including estimates of liabilities for future policy benefits, as well as estimates with respect to postemployment and postretirement benefits other than pensions, certain compensation accruals, and income taxes.
management believes the current assumptions used to estimate amounts reflected in our consolidated financial statements are appropriate. however, if actual experience differs from the assumptions used in estimating amounts reflected in our consolidated financial statements, the resulting changes could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and, in certain situations, could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and financial condition. the table below presents the adverse impacts of certain changes in assumptions. except as noted, the effect of an assumption change in the opposite direction would be a positive impact to our consolidated results of operations, liquidity or financial condition.
part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on significant accounting policies.
goodwill at the acquisition date, goodwill represents the excess of the cost of businesses acquired over the fair value of their net assets. we completed our annual evaluations                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            if we do not achieve our earnings objectives or the cost of capital rises significantly, the assumptions and estimates underlying these impairment evaluations could be adversely affected and result in future impairment charges that would negatively of goodwill for impairment during the third quarter of 2016. these evaluations were performed at the reporting unit level, based on discounted cash flow analyses and market data. the evaluations indicated that no impairment was required. during the                                                                                                                                                                           impact our operating results. based on our most recent evaluations, the fair value estimates of our reporting units exceed their carrying values by adequate margins.
fourth quarter, we updated our analysis of the government reporting unit, reflecting an increase in market interest rates. the updated analysis for the government reporting unit continued to indicate that no impairment was required. fair value of a reporting unit was estimated using models and assumptions that we believe a hypothetical market participant would use to determine a current transaction price. the       changes in the funding for our medicare programs by the federal government, or our inability to resolve the matters arising from the cms notice in a timely and significant assumptions and estimates used in determining fair value include the discount rate and future cash flows. a range of discount rates was used, corresponding with the reporting unit's weighted average cost of capital, consistent with that                                                                                                                                                                           satisfactory manner, could materially reduce revenues and profitability in our government reporting unit and have a significant impact on its fair value.
used for investment decisions considering the specific and detailed operating plans and strategies within the reporting unit. projections of future cash flows were consistent with our annual planning process for revenues, claims, operating expenses, taxes, capital levels and long-term growth rates. in addition to these assumptions, we considered market data to evaluate the fair value of each reporting unit.
in our government operating segment (which is a reporting unit) we contract with cms and various state governmental agencies to provide managed health care services, including medicare advantage plans and medicare-approved prescription drug plans.
estimated future cash flows for this business incorporated the potential effects of medicare advantage reimbursement rates for 2017 and beyond as discussed in the "executive overview" section of this md&amp;a. revenues from the medicare programs are dependent, in whole or in part, upon annual funding from the federal government through cms. this evaluation also considered management's assessment of the impact of the cms sanctions and updated star ratings discussed in note 21 to the consolidated financial statements. funding for these programs is dependent on many factors including general economic conditions, continuing government efforts to contain health care costs and budgetary constraints at the federal level and general political issues and priorities.
see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of our goodwill.
accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities – pension liabilities these liabilities are estimates of the present value of the qualified and nonqualified pension benefits to be paid (attributed to employee service to date) net of the fair value of plan assets. the accrued pension benefit liability as of                                                                                                                                                                                      the discount rate is typically the most significant assumption in measuring the pension liability. we develop the discount rate by applying actual annualized yields at various durations from a discount rate curve constructed from high quality december 31 was as follows (in millions): • 2016 – $911 • 2015 – $953 see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for assumptions and methods used to estimate pension liabilities.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       corporate bonds. if discount rates for the qualified and nonqualified pension plans decreased by 50 basis points, the accrued pension benefit liability would increase by approximately $195 million as of december 31, 2016 resulting in an after-tax decrease to shareholders' equity of approximately $125 million. if the december 31, 2016 fair values of domestic qualified plan assets decreased by 10%, the accrued pension benefit liability would increase by approximately $395 million as of december 31, 2016 resulting in an after-tax decrease to shareholders' equity of approximately $255 million.
back to contents part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
global health care medical costs payable medical costs payable for the global health care segment include both reported claims and estimates for losses incurred but not yet reported. liabilities for medical                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        as described in note 7, global health care medical costs payable are primarily impacted by assumptions related to completion factors and medical cost trend. changes in either assumption from actual results could impact the global health care costs payable as of december 31 were as follows (in millions): • 2016 – gross                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                medical costs payable balance as noted below. a large number of factors may cause the medical cost trend to vary from the company's estimates, including: changes in medical management practices, changes in the level and mix of benefits offered and
• 2015 – gross $2,355; net $2,112 these liabilities are presented above both gross and net of reinsurance and other recoverables and generally exclude amounts for administrative services only business. see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding assumptions and methods used to estimate this liability.                                                                                                                                                                                                  versus manual submissions), or if changes to the company's internal claims processing patterns occur. based on studies of our claim experience, it is reasonably possible that a 100 basis point change in the medical cost trend and a 50 basis point change in completion factors could occur in the near term. a 100 basis point increase in the medical cost trend rate would increase this liability by approximately
$30 million, resulting in a decrease in net income of approximately $20 million after-tax, and a 50 basis point decrease in completion factors would increase this liability by approximately $70 million, resulting in a decrease in net income of approximately $45 million after-tax.
unpaid claims and claim expenses – long-term disability reserves the liability for long-term disability reserves is the present value of estimated future benefits payments over the expected disability period and includes estimates for both reported claims and for claims incurred but not yet reported.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 as described in note 8, key assumptions in the calculation of long-term disability reserves include the discount rate and claim resolution rates, both of which are reviewed annually and updated when experience or future expectations would long-term disability reserves as of december 31 were as follows (in millions): • 2016 – gross                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                indicate a necessary change. based on recent and historical resolution rate patterns and changes in investment portfolio yields, it is reasonably possible that a 5 percent change in claim resolution rates and a 25 basis point change in the
$3,708; net $3,622                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           discount rate could occur. the discount rate is the interest rate used to discount the projected future benefit payments to their present value. the discount rate
• 2015 – gross $3,481; net $3,403 see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding assumptions and methods used to estimate this liability.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          assumption is based on the projected investment yield of the assets supporting the reserves. a 25 basis point decrease in the discount rate would increase long-term disability reserves by approximately $45 million and decrease net income by approximately $30 million after-tax. claim resolution rate assumptions involve many factors including claimant demographics, the type of contractual benefit provided and the time since initially becoming disabled. the company uses its own historical experience to develop its claim resolution rates. a 5 percent decrease in the claim resolution rate would increase long-term disability reserves by approximately
valuation of fixed maturity investments most fixed maturities are classified as available for sale and are carried at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) within shareholders' equity. fair value is defined as the price at which an asset could be exchanged in an orderly transaction between market participants at the balance sheet date. determining fair value for a financial instrument requires management judgment. the degree of judgment involved generally correlates to the level of pricing readily observable in       typically, the most significant input in the measurement of fair value is the market interest rate used to discount the estimated future cash flows of the instrument. such market rates are derived by calculating the appropriate spreads over the markets. financial instruments with quoted prices in active markets or with market observable inputs to determine fair value, such as public securities, generally require less judgment. conversely, private placements including more complex                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          comparable u.s. treasury securities, based on the credit quality, industry and structure of the asset. if the interest rates used to calculate fair value increased by 100
securities that are traded infrequently are typically measured using pricing models that require more judgment as to the inputs and assumptions used to estimate fair value. there may be a number of alternative inputs to select based on an                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               basis points, the fair value of the total fixed maturity portfolio of $21 billion would decrease by approximately $1.2 billion, resulting in an after-tax decrease to shareholders' equity of approximately $0.8 billion.
understanding of the issuer, the structure of the security and overall market conditions. in addition, these factors are inherently variable in nature as they change frequently in response to market conditions. approximately two-thirds of our fixed maturities are public securities, and one-third are private placement securities. see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of our fair value measurements and the procedures performed by management to determine that the amounts represent appropriate estimates.
back to contents part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
assessment of "other-than-temporary" impairments on fixed maturities to determine whether a fixed maturity's decline in fair value below its amortized cost is other than temporary, we must evaluate the expected recovery in value and our intent to sell or the likelihood of a required sale of the fixed maturity prior       for all fixed maturities with cost in excess of their fair value, if this excess was determined to be other-than-temporary, shareholders' net income for the year ended december 31, 2016 would have decreased by approximately $115 million to an expected recovery. to make this determination, we consider a number of general and specific factors including the regulatory, economic and market environments, length of time and severity of the decline, and the financial health and specific       after-tax. unlike impairments, there is no impact to shareholders' net income for holding fixed maturities with a fair value in excess of cost because we classify our near term prospects of the issuer. see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of our review of declines in fair value, including                                                                                          fixed maturities as available for sale.
information regarding our accounting policies for fixed maturities.
the following section of this md&a discusses the results of each of our reporting segments. in these segment discussions, we present "operating revenues," defined as total revenues excluding realized investment results and "adjusted income from operations," defined as shareholders' net income (loss) excluding after-tax realized investment results, net amortization of other acquired intangible assets and special items. ratios presented in this segment discussion exclude the same items as adjusted income from operations. see note 22 to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of these metrics.
part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations adjusted income from operations was essentially flat in 2016 compared with 2015, reflecting earnings growth in our commercial segment, primarily due to increased contributions from specialty products partially offset by lower margins in our u.s. individual business. this increase was offset by lower earnings in our government segment primarily driven by costs related to our cms audit response.
adjusted income from operations increased in 2015 compared with 2014, reflecting u.s. commercial business growth, including increased contributions from pharmacy, stop loss and other specialty products. results in 2015 also reflect the impact of increased investments in business initiatives.
operating revenues.   the increase in operating revenues in 2016 compared with 2015 was due to growth in our commercial segment primarily from increased specialty revenues. growth in medicare advantage customer volumes and higher premium rates for most products in our u.s. health care businesses primarily to recover underlying medical cost trend also contributed to the increase. these increases were partially offset by lower customer volumes in our medicare part d and u.s. individual businesses. operating revenues include amounts related to the risk mitigation programs under the health care reform act. see the risk mitigation section on page 40 for further discussion of the risk corridor program.
the increase in operating revenues in 2015, compared with 2014 was primarily due to a higher customer base in our government segment, as well as revenue growth in specialty businesses and higher premiums in the u.s. commercial segment reflecting rate actions on most risk products primarily to recover underlying medical cost trends.
medical care ratios.   the commercial medical care ratio increased in 2016 compared with 2015 reflecting a less favorable medical care ratio in our stop loss business as expected, lower premium due to the anticipated reduction of the health care reform act mandated fees in 2017, and less favorable prior year reserve development. the commercial medical care ratio decreased slightly in 2015 compared with 2014 primarily due to a lower medical care ratio in our stop loss business.
the government medical care ratio increased slightly in 2016 compared with 2015 reflecting higher medical costs in our medicaid business and less favorable prior year development, mostly offset by improvements in the medicare part d business. the government medical care ratio increased in 2015 compared with 2014 due to an increase in medicare part d utilization.
as discussed in the regulation section of this form 10-k, both the commercial and government segments are subject to minimum medical loss ratio requirements under the health care reform act. as of december 31, 2016 and 2015, liabilities under these requirements were not material.
operating expense ratio.   the operating expense ratio increased slightly in 2016 compared with 2015, reflecting costs related to our cms audit response. excluding those costs, the operating expense ratio decreased, reflecting higher revenue and operating efficiencies, partially offset by business initiative investments to enhance our capabilities. the operating expense ratio was flat in 2015 compared with 2014, reflecting business-initiative investments offset by higher revenue and disciplined expense management.
other items affecting health care results global health care medical costs payable medical costs payable was higher as of december 31, 2016 compared with 2015, primarily due to medical cost trend across all businesses and customer growth in our commercial group business. medical costs payable increased in 2015 compared with 2014, primarily driven by growth in the stop loss book of business and the government segment. see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
medical customers a medical customer is defined as a person meeting any one of the following criteria:
our medical customer base as of december 31, 2016 was higher than 2015, primarily driven by growth in our middle market, select, and international market segments. our medical customer base as of december 31, 2015 was higher than 2014, driven by strong overall retention and sales in our targeted market segments, as well as the acquisition of qualcare alliance networks, inc. on february 28, 2015.
global supplemental benefits segment
as described in the segment reporting introduction on page 49, the performance of the global supplemental benefits segment is measured using adjusted income from operations. the key factors affecting adjusted income from operations for this segment are:
benefit expenses as a percentage of premiums (loss ratio);
operating expense and acquisition expense as a percentage of operating revenues (expense ratio and acquisition cost ratio); and
throughout this discussion and the table presented below, prior period currency adjusted income from operations and operating revenues are calculated by applying the current period's exchange rates to reported results in the prior period. a strengthening u.s. dollar against foreign currencies decreases these measures, while a weakening u.s. dollar produces the opposite effect.
back to contents part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations results of operations financial summary
adjusted margin                                                                         8.7   %           8.3   %           8.1   %        40    bps                          20   bps loss ratio                                                                       55.3         %    55.3         %    54.3         %        –     bps                        (100   )bps acquisition cost ratio                                                                 18.6   %          19.3   %          21.0   %        70    bps                         170   bps expense ratio (excluding acquisition costs)                                      17.9         %    18.3         %    17.7         %   40         bps                         (60   )bps adjusted income from operations increased in 2016 compared with 2015 primarily due to business growth, largely in south korea, and lower acquisition and operating cost ratios. these factors were partially offset by higher income taxes and the unfavorable impact of foreign currency movements, primarily in south korea. the increase in adjusted income from operations in 2015 compared with 2014 was primarily due to business growth and lower acquisition costs, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of foreign currency movements and higher expense ratios as discussed below.
operating revenues were higher in 2016 compared with 2015 primarily due to new sales, particularly in south korea and the u.s., reflecting both customer growth and sales of higher premium products. these higher premiums were partially offset by lower persistency in the u.k. and the unfavorable impact of foreign currency movements, primarily in south korea and the u.k.
operating revenues were higher in 2015 compared with 2014, primarily attributable to new sales, particularly in south korea and the u.s., reflecting both customer growth and sales of higher premium products, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of foreign currency movements.
loss ratios were flat in 2016 compared with 2015 reflecting favorable claims in south korea, largely offset by higher claims in the u.s. loss ratios increased in 2015 compared with 2014, primarily due to a business mix shift toward products with higher expected loss ratios in south korea and the u.s.
acquisition cost ratios decreased in both 2016 and 2015 compared with each prior year. the decline in each year's ratio largely represents a shift toward higher premium products with lower acquisition costs primarily in south korea and the u.s.
the expense ratio (excluding acquisition costs) decreased in 2016 compared with 2015 primarily driven by operating efficiencies. the expense ratio (excluding acquisition costs) increased in 2015 compared with 2014 reflecting strategic business investments partially offset by operating efficiencies.
other items affecting global supplemental benefits results south korea is the single largest geographic market for our global supplemental benefits segment. south korea generated 51% of the segment's operating revenues and 85% of the segment's adjusted income from operations in 2016. in 2016, our global supplemental benefits segment operations in south korea represented 4% of our consolidated operating revenues and 12% of consolidated adjusted income from operations.
as a global company, our business is exposed to risks inherent in foreign operations. while we continue to monitor and evaluate the impacts of the u.k. vote to exit the european union and the political unrest in turkey, we do not expect these events to materially impact the results of the global supplemental benefits segment in 2017.
significant movements in foreign currency exchange rates could materially affect the reported results of the global supplemental benefits segment.
group disability and life segment
as described in the segment reporting introduction on page 49, the performance of the group disability and life segment is measured using adjusted income from operations. the key factors affecting adjusted income from operations for this segment are:
benefit expenses as a percentage of premiums (loss ratio); and
back to contents part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations results of operations financial summary
adjusted margin                             2.8    %          7.6    %          8.0    %        (480   )bps                         (40   )bps loss ratio                            83.8         %    76.3         %    76.5         %        (750   )bps                    20         bps operating expense ratio                     22.4   %          21.9   %          21.9   %        (50    )bps                         –     bps during the first half of 2016, the group disability and life segment experienced significant unfavorable claims in its disability and life businesses. while claims experience moderated during the second half of 2016, the first half results caused full year earnings to decline significantly from the prior year.
disability:   we implemented modifications to our disability claims management process in the first quarter of 2016 to drive improved quality and consistency. these modifications extended the claims processing cycle and lowered the disability claim resolution rate. as our modified disability claims management process continued to mature during the latter half of 2016, our claim resolution rate significantly improved compared with the first half of 2016. as overall claim metrics continue to improve, management expects disability operational margins to normalize over the course of 2017.
adjusted income from operations.   results decreased in 2016 compared with 2015 due primarily to unfavorable disability and life claims experience as well as the absence of favorable reserve reviews and a higher operating expense ratio. results in 2016 included the unfavorable impact of reserve reviews of $18 million after-tax compared with a favorable impact of $55 million after-tax in 2015.
operating revenues.   premiums and fees increased in 2016 compared with 2015 driven by new business growth due to disability and life sales. net investment income also increased in 2016 compared with 2015 primarily due to higher average assets partially offset by lower yields.
the  loss ratio increased in 2016 compared with 2015 due to lower claim resolutions in disability, higher life claim incidence and sizes in the second quarter, and the unfavorable impact of reserve reviews as discussed above.
operating expense ratio.   the operating expense ratio increased in 2016 compared with 2015 primarily reflecting higher disability claim management costs.
adjusted income from operations.   results in 2015 increased compared with 2014 due primarily to favorable life claims experience. results also included the favorable after-tax effects of reserve reviews of $55 million in 2015 and $52 million in 2014.
operating revenues.   the increase in 2015 compared with 2014 was driven by new business growth due to disability and life sales. net investment income also increased in 2015 compared with 2014 primarily due to higher average assets partially offset by lower yields.
the loss ratio decreased in 2015 compared with 2014 due to lower life claim incidence.
operating expense ratio.   the operating expense ratio was flat in 2015 compared with 2014 driven by effective cost management.
as described in the segment reporting introduction on page 49, the performance of the other operations segment is measured using adjusted income from operations. cigna's corporate-owned life insurance ("coli") business contributes the majority of earnings in other operations. cigna's other operations segment also includes the results from the run-off reinsurance and settlement annuity businesses, as well as the remaining deferred gains recognized from the sale of the individual life insurance and annuity and retirement benefits businesses.
back to contents part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations results of operations financial summary
adjusted margin                            14.8   %         15.5   %         13.3   %        (70   )bps                         220   bps adjusted income from operations decreased in 2016 compared with 2015, reflecting less favorable mortality experience and lower interest margins in coli. adjusted income from operations increased in 2015 compared with 2014, reflecting favorable mortality experience in coli.
operating revenues decreased in 2016 compared with 2015 due to lower net investment income driven by lower investment yields. the decrease in operating revenues in 2015 compared with 2014 is largely due to lower net investment income driven by lower investment yields and, to a lesser extent, lower premiums in coli driven by favorable experience-rating results.
corporate reflects amounts not allocated to operating segments, including net interest expense (defined as interest on corporate debt less net investment income on investments not supporting segment operations), interest on uncertain tax positions, certain litigation matters, intersegment eliminations, compensation cost for stock options, expense associated with our frozen pension plans and certain overhead and project costs.
corporate's adjusted loss from operations decreased in 2016 compared with 2015, primarily due to adopting asu 2016-09 effective january 1, 2016, as further discussed in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, and higher net investment income partially offset by higher pension and project expenses.
corporate's adjusted loss from operations decreased in 2015 compared with 2014, primarily due to lower pension and interest expenses.
the following table presents our invested asset portfolio, excluding separate account assets, as of december 31, 2016 and 2015. an increase in investable funds has led to an increase across all asset types, except for commercial mortgages, that have continued to decline due to a competitive investment environment and our assessment of relative value versus other fixed income opportunities.
additional information regarding our investment assets and related accounting policies is included in notes 2, 10, 11, 12, 13, and 14 to the consolidated financial statements.
fixed maturities                  $20,961           $19,455
equity securities                 583               190
fixed maturities
investments in fixed maturities include publicly traded and privately placed debt securities, mortgage and other asset-backed securities, and preferred stocks redeemable by the investor. these investments are classified as available for sale and are carried at fair value on our balance sheet. additional information regarding valuation methodologies, key inputs and controls is included in note 10 of the consolidated financial statements.
the following table reflects our fixed maturity portfolio by type of issuer as of december 31, 2016 and 2015.
part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations as of december 31, 2016, $18.6 billion, or 89%, of the fixed maturities in our investment portfolio were investment grade (baa and above, or equivalent), and the remaining $2.4 billion were below investment grade. the majority of the bonds that are below investment grade are rated at the higher end of the non-investment grade spectrum. these quality characteristics have not materially changed from the prior year and are consistent with our investment strategy.
state and local government.   our investment in state and local government securities, with an average quality rating of aa2, is diversified by issuer and geography with no single exposure greater than $30 million as of december 31, 2016. we assess each issuer's credit quality based on a fundamental analysis of underlying financial information and do not rely solely on statistical rating organizations or monoline insurer guarantees.
foreign government.   we invest in high quality foreign government obligations with an average quality rating of aa3 as of december 31, 2016. these investments are concentrated in asia, primarily south korea, consistent with the geographic locations of our international business operations. foreign government obligations also include $221 million of investments in european sovereign debt, none of which are in countries with significant political or economic concerns such as portugal, italy, ireland, greece, spain and turkey.
corporate.   as of december 31, 2016, corporate fixed maturities included the following.
private placement investments were $5.3 billion. these investments are generally less marketable than publicly-traded bonds, however yields on these investments tend to be higher than yields on publicly-traded bonds with comparable credit risk. we perform a credit analysis of each issuer, diversify investments by industry and issuer and require financial and other covenants that allow us to monitor issuers for deteriorating financial strength and pursue remedial actions, if warranted.
investments in companies that are domiciled or have significant business interests in italy, ireland, spain and turkey were $354 million. these investments have an average quality rating of baa3 and are diversified by industry sector, including approximately 1% invested in financial institutions.
investments in the energy and natural gas sector were $1.7 billion with gross unrealized losses of $18 million. these investments have an average quality rating of baa2 and are diversified by issuer with no single exposure greater than $40 million.
in addition to amounts classified in fixed maturities on our consolidated balance sheets, we operate a joint venture in china in which we have a 50% ownership interest. we account for this joint venture on the equity basis of accounting and report it in other assets, including other intangibles. this entity has an investment portfolio of approximately $3.3 billion that is primarily invested in local chinese corporate and government fixed maturities and has no investments with a material unrealized loss as of december 31, 2016.
equity securities
equity securities increased approximately $400 million during 2016 to $583 million as of december 31, 2016, largely due to investing in an exchange traded fund ("etf") as part of a temporary program to invest available funds in high quality and liquid assets. the underlying assets of the etf are primarily u.s. investment grade corporate bonds and there is a gross unrealized loss of $5 million as of december 31, 2016 due to an increase in market yields since purchase.
our commercial mortgage loans are fixed rate loans, diversified by property type, location and borrower. loans are secured by high quality commercial properties and are generally made at less than 70% of the property's value at origination of the loan. property value, debt service coverage, quality, building tenancy and stability of cash flows are all important financial underwriting considerations. we hold no direct residential mortgage loans and do not securitize or service mortgage loans. we completed an annual in-depth review of our commercial mortgage loan portfolio during the second quarter of 2016. for further information on the property type, location and credit quality of our commercial mortgage loans, as well as a discussion of the results of the annual portfolio review, see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements.
commercial real estate capital markets remain very active for well-leased, quality commercial real estate located in strong institutional investment markets. the vast majority of properties securing the mortgages in our mortgage portfolio possess these characteristics.
the $1.7 billion commercial mortgage loan portfolio consists of approximately 60 loans, including one impaired loan with a carrying value of $21 million, net of a $5 million reserve, that is classified as a problem loan. we have $92 million of loans maturing in the next twelve months. given the quality and diversity of the underlying real estate, positive debt service coverage and significant borrower investment generally ranging between 30 and 40%, we remain confident that borrowers will continue to perform as expected under their contract terms.
other long-term investments of $1.5 billion primarily include investments in security partnership and real estate funds as well as direct investments in real estate joint ventures. the funds typically invest in mezzanine debt or equity of privately held companies (securities partnerships) and equity real estate. given our subordinate position in the capital structure of these underlying entities, we assume a higher level of risk in return for higher expected returns. to mitigate risk, investments are diversified across approximately 120 separate partnerships, and approximately 70 general partners who manage one or more of these partnerships. also, the funds' underlying investments are diversified by industry sector or property type, and geographic region. no single partnership investment exceeds 4% of our securities and real estate partnership portfolio.
back to contents part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations problem and potential problem investments
"problem" bonds and commercial mortgage loans are either delinquent by 60 days or more or have been restructured as to terms, including concessions by us for modification of interest rate, principal payment or maturity date. "potential problem" bonds and commercial mortgage loans are considered current (no payment is more than 59 days past due), but management believes they have certain characteristics that increase the likelihood that they may become problems. the characteristics management considers include, but are not limited to, the following:
downgrade in credit rating;
collateral losses on asset-backed securities; and
we recognize interest income on problem bonds and commercial mortgage loans only when payment is actually received because of the risk profile of the underlying investment. the amount that would have been reflected in net income if interest on non-accrual investments had been recognized in accordance with their original terms was not significant for 2016 or 2015.
the following table shows problem and potential problem investments at amortized cost, net of valuation reserves and write-downs:
the increase in problem bonds was primarily due to three additional problem bonds in the energy sector. the increase in foreclosed real estate during 2016 reflects the foreclosure of a commercial mortgage loan classified as a problem loan as of december 31, 2015. the decrease in potential problem commercial mortgage loans in 2016 was due to a full payoff of one loan and partial payoff, and subsequent reclassification to good standing, of another loan.
global financial markets exhibited volatility throughout 2016 resulting from global economic and political uncertainty. the volatility began early in the year led by concerns related to slowing economic global growth, with particular concerns regarding china, potentially destabilizing impacts from cyclically low energy prices, followed in mid-year by concerns regarding the united kingdom's decision to exit the european union, and then finished the year with strong market reactions anticipating growth-oriented policy changes in the united states following our recent elections. the near-term impact of these events has not materially impacted our financial condition or liquidity; however, we continue to closely monitor global macroeconomic trends and the potential impact to our investment portfolio. future realized and unrealized investment results will be driven largely by market conditions that exist when a transaction occurs or at the reporting date. these future conditions are not reasonably predictable; however, we believe that the vast majority of our investments will continue to perform under their contractual terms. based on our strategy to match the duration of invested assets to the duration of insurance and contractholder liabilities, we expect to hold a significant portion of these assets for the long term. although future impairment losses resulting from interest rate movements and credit deterioration due to both company-specific and the global economic uncertainties discussed above remain possible, we do not expect these losses to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or liquidity.
our assets and liabilities include financial instruments subject to the risk of potential losses from adverse changes in market rates and prices. our primary market risk exposures are:
interest-rate risk on fixed-rate, medium-term instruments. changes in market interest rates affect the value of instruments that promise a fixed return and our employee pension liabilities.
foreign currency exchange rate risk of the u.s. dollar primarily to the south korean won, euro, chinese yuan renminbi, taiwan dollar and british pound. an unfavorable change in exchange rates reduces the carrying value of net assets denominated in foreign currencies.
back to contents part ii item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations our management of market risks
investment/liability matching.  we generally select investment assets with characteristics (such as duration, yield, currency and liquidity) that correspond to the underlying characteristics of our related insurance and contractholder liabilities so that we can match the investments to our obligations. shorter-term investments generally support shorter-term life and health liabilities. medium-term, fixed-rate investments support interest-sensitive and health liabilities. longer-term investments generally support products with longer pay out periods such as annuities and long-term disability liabilities.
use of local currencies for foreign operations.  we generally conduct our international business through foreign operating entities that maintain assets and liabilities in local currencies. while this technique does not reduce foreign currency exposure on our net assets, it substantially limits exchange rate risk to those net assets.
see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information about financial instruments, including derivative financial instruments.
a hypothetical increase in market interest rates, primarily for fixed maturities and commercial mortgage loans, partially offset by liabilities for long-term, largely fixed-rate debt; and
changes in the fair values of all insurance-related assets and liabilities have been excluded because their primary risks are insurance rather than market risk;
changes in the fair values of investments recorded using the equity method of accounting and liabilities for pension and other postretirement and postemployment benefit plans (and related assets) have been excluded, consistent with the disclosure guidance; and
changes in the fair values of other significant assets and liabilities such as goodwill, deferred policy acquisition costs, taxes, and various accrued liabilities have been excluded; because they are not financial instruments, their primary risks are other than market risk.
the effects of hypothetical changes in market rates or prices on the fair values of certain of our financial instruments, subject to the exclusions noted above (particularly insurance liabilities), would have been as follows as of december 31:
the effect of a hypothetical increase in interest rates was determined by estimating the present value of future cash flows using various models, primarily duration modeling. the impact of a hypothetical increase to interest rates at december 31, 2016 was greater than that at december 31, 2015 reflecting increased purchases of fixed maturities, in addition to valuation decreases of our long-term debt resulting from higher market yields during 2016.
the effect of a hypothetical strengthening of the u.s. dollar relative to the foreign currencies held by us was estimated to be 10% of the u.s. dollar equivalent fair value. our foreign operations hold investment assets, such as fixed maturities, cash, and cash equivalents, that are generally invested in the currency of the related liabilities. the effect of a hypothetical 10% strengthening in the u.s. dollar to foreign currencies at december 31, 2016 was greater than that effect at december 31, 2015 due to increased amounts of investments that are primarily denominated in the south korean won.
part ii item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk