item 1a.    risk factors in addition to the risks described elsewhere in this report, set forth below is a summary of the material risks to an investment in our securities. these risks are not the only ones we face. additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also have an adverse effect on us. if any of these risks actually occur, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be materially and adversely impacted, which might cause the value of our securities to decline.
we face risks associated with significant international operations, including exposure to foreign currency fluctuations.
we operate on a global basis with approximately 75% of our net sales originating in markets outside the u.s. while geographic diversity helps to reduce our exposure to risks in any one country or part of the world, it also means that we are subject to the full range of risks associated with significant international operations, including, but not limited to:
▪   changes in exchange rates for foreign currencies, which may reduce the u.s. dollar value of revenues, profits and cash flows from non-u.s. markets or increase our supply costs, as measured in u.s. dollars, in those markets,
▪   exchange controls and other limits on our ability to import or export raw materials or finished product or to repatriate earnings from overseas,
▪   political or economic instability, social or labor unrest or changing macroeconomic conditions in our markets, including as a result of volatile commodity prices, including the price of oil,
▪   other foreign or domestic legal and regulatory requirements, including those resulting in potentially adverse tax consequences or the imposition of onerous trade restrictions and/or tariffs, price controls, labor laws, travel or immigration restrictions, profit controls or other government controls.
these risks could have a significant impact on our ability to sell our products on a competitive basis in international markets and may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
in an effort to minimize the impact on earnings of foreign currency rate movements, we engage in a combination of selling price increases, where permitted, sourcing strategies, cost-containment measures and selective hedging of foreign currency transactions. however, these measures may not succeed in offsetting any negative impact of foreign currency rate movements on our business and results of operations.
significant competition in our industry could adversely affect our business.
we face vigorous competition worldwide, including from strong local competitors and from other large, multinational companies, some of which may have greater resources than we do. we face this competition in several aspects of our business, including, but not limited to, the pricing of products, promotional activities, new product introductions and expansion into new geographies. such competition also extends to administrative and legal challenges of product claims and advertising. our ability to compete also depends on the strength of our brands and on our ability to enforce and defend our intellectual property, including patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret and trade dress rights against infringement and legal challenges by competitors.
we may be unable to anticipate the timing and scale of such initiatives or challenges by competitors or to successfully respond to them, which could harm our business. in addition, the cost of responding to such initiatives and challenges, including management time, out-of-pocket expenses and price reductions, may affect our performance in the relevant period. a failure to compete effectively could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
our business is subject to extensive legal and regulatory requirements in the u.s. and abroad. such legal and regulatory requirements apply to most aspects of our products, including their development, ingredients, manufacture, packaging, labeling, storage, transportation, distribution, export, import, advertising and sale. u.s. federal authorities, including the u.s. food and drug administration (the "fda"), the federal trade commission, the consumer product safety commission and the environmental protection agency, regulate different aspects of our business, along with parallel authorities at the state and local levels and comparable authorities overseas. also, our selling practices are regulated by competition law authorities in the u.s. and abroad.
new or more stringent legal or regulatory requirements, or more restrictive interpretations of existing requirements, could adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. for example, from time to time, various regulatory authorities in europe, the u.s. and other countries request or conduct reviews of the use of various ingredients in consumer products. triclosan, an ingredient used by us primarily in colgate total toothpaste, is an example of an ingredient that has undergone reviews by various regulatory authorities worldwide, and colgate total toothpaste in the u.s. is subject to the fda's rigorous new drug application ("nda") process for safety and efficacy. in september 2016, the fda issued a final rule on ingredients permitted in antibacterial consumer soaps in the u.s., which will restrict the use of 19 active ingredients, including triclosan and triclocarban, as of september 2017. the fda ruling will impact our antibacterial bar soap sold in puerto rico, which contains triclocarban. some states and municipalities in the u.s. have proposed, and minnesota has passed, legislation banning the sale of certain products containing triclosan. the minnesota legislation does not cover colgate total toothpaste. in november 2016, environment and climate change canada ("eccc"), the federal environmental authority in canada, finalized its review of the potential human and environmental risks of triclosan, concluding that triclosan is not entering the environment in a quantity or concentration or under conditions that constitute or may constitute a danger in canada to human life or health and that triclosan is not bioaccumulative or persistent under canadian standards, but that triclosan could be entering the environment at levels that could potentially cause harm to some aquatic organisms. the canadian government will now work with stakeholders to ensure triclosan remains at safe levels for the environment, and we will participate in this process. triclosan is currently being evaluated under the european union's regulation for the registration, evaluation, authorization and restriction of chemicals ("reach"), which evaluation process is expected to take multiple years to complete.
a decision by a regulatory or governmental authority that triclosan, or any other of our ingredients, should not be used in certain consumer products or should otherwise be newly regulated, could adversely impact our business, as could negative reactions by our consumers, trade customers or non-governmental organizations to our use of such ingredients. additionally, an inability to develop new or reformulated products containing alternative ingredients or to obtain regulatory approval of such products on a timely basis could likewise adversely affect our business.
because of our extensive international operations, we could be adversely affected by violations of the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act (the "fcpa") and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws. the fcpa and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials or other third parties for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. while our policies mandate compliance with these anti-bribery laws, we cannot provide assurance that our internal control policies and procedures will always protect us from reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees, joint-venture partners or agents. violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our business and adversely affect our reputation and our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
while it is our policy and practice to comply with all legal and regulatory requirements applicable to our business, a finding that we are in violation of, or out of compliance with, applicable laws or regulations could subject us to civil remedies, including fines, damages, injunctions or product recalls, or criminal sanctions, any of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. even if a claim is unsuccessful, is without merit or is not fully pursued, the negative publicity surrounding such assertions regarding our products, processes or business practices could adversely affect our reputation and brand image. for information regarding our legal and regulatory matters, see item 3 "legal proceedings" and note 13, commitments and contingencies to the consolidated financial statements.
our products are sold in a highly competitive global marketplace which has experienced increased trade concentration and the growing presence of large-format retailers and discounters. with the growing trend toward retail trade consolidation, we are increasingly dependent on key retailers, and some of these retailers, including large-format retailers, may have greater bargaining strength than we do. they may use this leverage to demand higher trade discounts, allowances or slotting fees, which could lead to reduced sales or profitability. the loss of a key customer or a significant reduction in sales to a key customer could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. for additional information regarding our customers, see "distribution; raw materials; competition; trademarks and patents" in item 1 "business."
we may also be negatively affected by changes in the policies or practices of our retail trade customers, such as inventory de-stocking, limitations on access to shelf space, delisting of our products, environmental or sustainability initiatives and other conditions. for example, a determination by a key retailer that any of our ingredients should not be used in certain consumer products could adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. in addition, private label products sold by retail trade chains, which are typically sold at lower prices than branded products, are a source of competition for certain of our product lines, including liquid hand soaps and shower gels. the emergence of new sales channels for our products, such as e-commerce, may affect consumer preferences and market dynamics and could also adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
our growth depends on the continued success of existing products, as well as the successful launch of innovative new products and line extensions. our ability to launch new products and line extensions and to sustain existing products is affected by whether we can successfully:
the identification, development and introduction of innovative new products and line extensions involve considerable costs, and any new product or line extension may not generate sufficient customer and consumer interest and sales to become a profitable product or to cover the costs of its development and promotion. our ability to achieve a successful launch of a new product or line extension could also be adversely affected by preemptive actions taken by competitors in response to the launch, such as increased promotional activities and advertising.
the failure to develop and launch successful new products could hinder the growth of our business and any delay in the development or launch of a new product could result in us not being the first to market, which could compromise our competitive position and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
if, in the course of identifying or developing new products, we are found to have infringed the trademark, trade secret, copyright, patent or other intellectual property rights of others, directly or indirectly, through the use of third-party ideas or technologies, such a finding could adversely affect our ability to develop innovative new products and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. even if we are not found to infringe a third party's intellectual property rights, claims of infringement could adversely affect us, including by increasing costs and by delaying the launch of new products.
we may not realize the benefits that we expect from our 2012 restructuring program.
in the fourth quarter of 2012, we commenced a global growth and efficiency program for sustained growth, which was expanded in 2014 and 2015 (the "2012 restructuring program"). the 2012 restructuring program's initiatives are expected to help us ensure sustained solid worldwide growth in unit volume, organic sales and earnings per share and enhance our global leadership positions in our core businesses. while we are four years into the implementation of the 2012 restructuring program and many of the initiatives under the program have been successfully implemented or are nearing completion, the successful implementation of the remainder of the program presents significant organizational challenges and in some cases may require successful negotiations with third parties. as a result, we may not be able to realize all of the remaining anticipated benefits from the 2012 restructuring program. events and circumstances, such as financial or strategic difficulties, delays and unexpected costs may occur that could result in our not realizing all of the remaining anticipated benefits or our not realizing such benefits on our expected timetable. in addition, changes in foreign exchange rates or in tax, labor or immigration laws may result in our not achieving the remaining anticipated cost savings as measured in u.s. dollars. if we are unable to realize the remaining anticipated savings of the 2012 restructuring program, our ability to fund other initiatives and enhance profitability may be adversely affected. any failure to implement the 2012 restructuring program in accordance with our expectations could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. for additional information regarding the 2012 restructuring program, refer to part ii, item 7 "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - executive overview and outlook" and "- restructuring and related implementation charges."
we develop investments needed to support growth through our continuous, company-wide initiatives to lower costs and increase effective asset utilization, which we refer to as our funding-the-growth initiatives. these initiatives are designed to reduce costs associated with direct materials, indirect expenses, distribution and logistics, and advertising and promotional materials, among other things. the achievement of our funding-the-growth targets depends on our ability to successfully identify and realize additional savings opportunities. events and circumstances, such as financial or strategic difficulties, delays and unexpected costs may occur that could result in our not realizing all of the anticipated benefits or our not realizing the anticipated benefits on our expected timetable. if we are unable to realize the anticipated savings of our funding-the-growth initiatives, our ability to fund other initiatives and achieve our profitability goals may be adversely affected. any failure to implement our funding-the-growth initiatives in accordance with our expectations could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. for additional information regarding our funding-the-growth initiatives, refer to part ii, item 7 "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - executive overview and outlook."
maintaining our strong reputation with consumers and our trade partners globally is critical to selling our branded products. accordingly, we devote significant time and resources to programs designed to protect and preserve our reputation, such as our ethics and compliance, sustainability, brand protection and product safety, regulatory and quality initiatives. adverse publicity about us, our brands, our supply chain or our ingredients regarding health concerns, legal or regulatory proceedings, environmental impacts (including packaging, energy and water use and waste management) or other sustainability or policy issues, whether or not deserved, could jeopardize our reputation. in addition, negative posts or comments about us on any social media website, whether true or untrue, could harm our reputation. the success of our brands could also suffer if our marketing initiatives do not have the desired impact on a brand's image or its ability to attract consumers.
additionally, due to the scale and scope of our business, we must rely on relationships with third parties, including our suppliers, distributors, contractors, joint venture partners and other external business partners, for certain functions. while we have policies and procedures for managing these relationships, they inherently involve a lesser degree of control over business operations, governance and compliance, thereby potentially increasing our reputational and legal risk.
in addition, third parties sell counterfeit versions of our products, which are inferior or may pose safety risks. as a result, consumers of our brands could confuse our products with these counterfeit products, which could cause them to refrain from purchasing our brands in the future and in turn could impair our brand equity and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
damage to our reputation or loss of consumer confidence in our products for these or any other reasons could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, as well as require resources to rebuild our reputation.
volatility in material and other costs could adversely impact our profitability.
raw and packaging material commodities such as resins, pulp, essential oils, tropical oils, tallow, poultry, corn and soybeans are subject to wide price variations. increases in the costs and availability of these commodities and the costs of energy, transportation and other necessary services may adversely affect our profit margins if we are unable to pass along such higher costs in the form of price increases or otherwise achieve cost efficiencies, such as in manufacturing and distribution.
from time to time, we may be subject to legal claims and proceedings, including disputes relating to intellectual property, contracts, product liability, marketing, advertising, foreign exchange controls, antitrust and trade regulation, as well as labor and employment, privacy, environmental and tax matters and consumer class actions. regardless of their merit, these claims can require significant time and expense to investigate and defend. since litigation is inherently uncertain, there is no guarantee that we will be successful in defending ourselves against such claims or proceedings, or that our assessment of the materiality of these matters, including any reserves taken in connection therewith, will be consistent with the ultimate outcome of such matters. in addition, if one of our products, or a raw material contained in our products, is perceived or found to be defective or unsafe, we may need to recall some of our products. whether or not a legal claim or proceeding is successful, or a recall is required, such assertions could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, and the negative publicity surrounding them could harm our reputation and brand image. see item 3 "legal proceedings" and note 13, commitments and contingencies to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on certain of our legal claims and proceedings.
disruption in our global supply chain or key office facilities could adversely impact our business.
we are engaged in manufacturing and sourcing of products and materials on a global scale. our operations and those of our suppliers could be disrupted by a number of factors, including, but not limited to:
▪   loss or impairment of key manufacturing sites,
▪   supplier capacity constraints,
▪   raw material and product quality or safety issues,
▪   the impact on our suppliers of tighter credit or capital markets, and
in addition, we purchase certain key raw and packaging materials from single-source suppliers or a limited number of suppliers and new suppliers may have to be qualified under industry, governmental and colgate standards, which can require additional investment and take a significant period of time.
while we believe that the supplies of raw materials needed to manufacture our products are adequate and have business continuity and contingency plans in place for key manufacturing sites and the supply of raw and packaging materials, significant disruption of manufacturing or sourcing of products or materials for any of the above reasons could interrupt product supply and, if not remedied, have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
in addition, as a result of our clustering of single-country subsidiaries into regional commercial hubs and our implementation of a global shared service organizational model, certain of our functions, such as marketing, finance and accounting, and customer service and logistics, have become more concentrated in key office facilities. a significant disruption to any of our key office facilities for any reason, including natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
a cyber-security incident, data breach or a failure of a key information technology system could adversely impact our business or reputation.
we rely extensively on information technology systems ("it systems"), including some which are managed, hosted, provided and/or used by third parties and their vendors, in order to conduct our business. our uses of these systems include, but are not limited to:
▪   communicating within the company and with other parties, including our customers and consumers,
▪   processing transactions, including but not limited to employee payroll, employee and retiree benefits and payments to customers and vendors,
▪   complying with legal, regulatory and tax requirements,
▪   providing data security, and
although we have a broad array of information security measures in place, our it systems, including those of third-party service providers with whom we have contracted, have been, and will likely continue to be, subject to computer viruses or other malicious codes, unauthorized access attempts, phishing and other cyber-attacks. we cannot guarantee that our security efforts will prevent breaches or breakdowns of our, or our third-party service providers', it systems since the techniques used in these attacks change frequently and may be difficult to detect for periods of time. in addition, although we have policies and procedures in place to ensure that all personal information collected by the company or its third-party service providers is securely maintained, data breaches due to human error or intentional or unintentional conduct have occurred and likely will continue to occur. although we have seen no material impact on our business operations from the cyber-security attacks and data breaches we have experienced to date, if we suffer a loss or disclosure of confidential business or stakeholder information as a result of a breach of our it systems, including those of third-party service providers with whom we have contracted, we may suffer reputational, competitive and/or business harm, incur significant costs and be subject to government investigations, civil litigation, fines and/or damages, which may adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
furthermore, while we have disaster recovery and business continuity plans in place, if our it systems are damaged, breached or cease to function properly for any reason, including the poor performance of, failure of or cyber-attack on third-party service providers, catastrophic events, power outages, cyber-security breaches, network outages, failed upgrades or other similar events and, if the disaster recovery and business continuity plans do not effectively resolve such issues on a timely basis, we may suffer interruptions in our ability to manage or conduct business, as well as reputational harm and litigation, which may adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
uncertain global economic conditions and disruptions in the credit markets may adversely affect our business.
uncertain global economic conditions could adversely affect our business. recent global economic trends pose challenges to our business and could result in declining revenues, profitability and cash flows. although we continue to devote significant resources to support our brands and market our products at multiple price points, during periods of economic uncertainty consumers may reduce consumption or switch to economy brands, which could reduce sales volumes of our products or result in a shift in our product mix from higher margin to lower margin product offerings. additionally, retailers may increase pressure on our selling prices or increase promotional activity for lower-priced or value offerings as they seek to maintain sales volumes and margins.
while we currently generate significant cash flows from ongoing operations and have access to global credit markets through our various financing activities, a disruption in the credit markets could negatively impact the availability or cost of funding. reduced access to credit or increased costs could adversely affect our liquidity and capital resources or significantly increase our cost of capital. in addition, if any financial institutions that hold our cash or other investments or that are parties to our revolving credit facilities supporting our commercial paper program or other financing arrangements, such as interest rate or foreign exchange hedging instruments, were to declare bankruptcy or become insolvent, they may be unable to perform under their agreements with us. this could leave us with reduced borrowing capacity or unhedged against certain interest rate, foreign currency or commodity price exposures. in addition, tighter credit markets may lead to business disruptions for certain of our suppliers, contract manufacturers or trade customers which could, in turn, adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
our success depends upon our ability to attract and retain key employees and the succession of senior management.
our success largely depends on the performance of our management team and other key employees. if we are unable to attract and retain talented, highly qualified senior management and other key people, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected. in addition, if we are unable to effectively provide for the succession of senior management, including our chief executive officer, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. while we follow a disciplined, ongoing succession planning process and have succession plans in place for senior management and other key executives, these do not guarantee that the services of qualified senior executives will continue to be available to us at particular moments in time.
we may pursue acquisitions and divestitures, which could adversely impact our results.
we may pursue acquisitions of brands, businesses or technologies from third parties. acquisitions involve numerous risks, including difficulties in the integration of the operations, technologies, services and products of acquired brands or businesses, the development or launch of products with acquired technologies, the estimation of and assumption of liabilities and contingencies, personnel turnover and the diversion of management's attention from other business priorities, which may adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. in addition, we may be unable to achieve any anticipated benefits or cost savings from acquisitions in the time frame we anticipate, or at all.
moreover, our pursuit of acquisitions could result in substantial additional debt, exposure to contingent liabilities, such as litigation (including for infringement of intellectual property) or earn-out obligations, the potential impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets, or transaction costs, all of which may adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
we also may periodically divest brands or businesses. these divestitures may adversely impact our results of operations if we are unable to offset the dilutive impacts from the loss of revenue associated with the divested brands or businesses, or otherwise achieve the anticipated benefits or cost savings from the divestitures. in addition, businesses under consideration for, or otherwise subject to, divestiture may be adversely impacted prior to the divestiture, which could negatively impact our results of operations.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations executive overview and outlook colgate-palmolive company (together with its subsidiaries, the "company" or "colgate") seeks to deliver strong, consistent business results and superior shareholder returns by providing consumers globally with products that make their lives healthier and more enjoyable.
to this end, the company is tightly focused on two product segments: oral, personal and home care; and pet nutrition. within these segments, the company follows a closely defined business strategy to develop and increase market leadership positions in key product categories. these product categories are prioritized based on their capacity to maximize the use of the organization's core competencies and strong global equities and to deliver sustainable long-term growth.
operationally, the company is organized along geographic lines with management teams having responsibility for the business and financial results in each region. the company competes in more than 200 countries and territories worldwide with established businesses in all regions contributing to the company's sales and profitability. approximately 75% of the company's net sales are generated from markets outside the u.s., with approximately 50% of the company's net sales coming from emerging markets (which consist of latin america, asia (excluding japan), africa/eurasia and central europe). this geographic diversity and balance help to reduce the company's exposure to business and other risks in any one country or part of the world.
the oral, personal and home care product segment is managed geographically in five reportable operating segments: north america, latin america, europe, asia pacific and africa/eurasia, all of which sell to a variety of retail and wholesale customers and distributors. the company, through hill's pet nutrition, also competes on a worldwide basis in the pet nutrition market, selling its products principally through authorized pet supply retailers and veterinarians. the company's products are also sold online through various e-commerce platforms and retailers.
through march 31, 2016, the oral, personal and home care product segment included the north america, latin america, europe/south pacific, asia and africa/eurasia geographic operating segments. as a result of management changes effective april 1, 2016, the company realigned the geographic structure of its europe/south pacific and asia reportable operating segments within the oral, personal and home care product segment. management responsibility for the south pacific operations was transferred from europe/south pacific management to asia management. accordingly, commencing with the company's financial reporting for the quarter ended june 30, 2016, the results of the south pacific operations are reported in the asia pacific reportable operating segment, which results in a slight modification to the geographic components of the oral, personal and home care product segment, with no impact on historical company results overall. the company has recast its historical geographic segment information to conform to the new reporting structure. these changes have no impact on the company's historical consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
on an ongoing basis, management focuses on a variety of key indicators to monitor business health and performance. these indicators include market share, net sales (including volume, pricing and foreign exchange components), organic sales growth (net sales growth excluding the impact of foreign exchange, acquisitions, divestments and the deconsolidation of the company's venezuelan operations) and gross profit margin, operating profit, net income and earnings per share both on a gaap and non-gaap basis, as well as measures used to optimize the management of working capital, capital expenditures, cash flow and return on capital. the monitoring of these indicators and the company's code of conduct and corporate governance practices help to maintain business health and strong internal controls.
to achieve its business and financial objectives, the company focuses the organization on initiatives to drive and fund growth. the company seeks to capture significant opportunities for growth by identifying and meeting consumer needs within its core categories, through its focus on innovation and the deployment of valuable consumer and shopper insights in the development of successful new products regionally, which are then rolled out on a global basis. to enhance these efforts, the company has developed key initiatives to build strong relationships with consumers, dental and veterinary professionals and retail customers. in addition, the company has strengthened its capabilities in e-commerce, developing its relationships with online only retailers and its digital marketing capabilities. growth opportunities are greater in those areas of the world in which economic development and rising consumer incomes expand the size and number of markets for the company's products.
the investments needed to support growth are developed through continuous, company-wide initiatives to lower costs and increase effective asset utilization. through these initiatives, which are referred to as the company's funding-the-growth initiatives, the company seeks to become even more effective and efficient throughout its businesses. these initiatives are designed to reduce costs associated with direct materials, indirect expenses, distribution and logistics, and advertising and promotional materials, among other things, and encompass a wide range of projects, examples of which include raw material substitution, reduction of packaging materials, consolidating suppliers to leverage volumes and increasing manufacturing efficiency through sku reductions and formulation simplification. the company also continues to prioritize its investments toward its higher margin businesses, specifically oral care, personal care and pet nutrition.
in september 2016, the company's mexican subsidiary completed the sale to the united states of america of the mexico city site on which its commercial operations, technology center and soap production facility were previously located and received $60 as the third and final installment of the sale price. the total sale price (including the third installment and the previously received first and second installments) was $120. the company recognized a pretax gain of $97 ($63 aftertax gain) in the third quarter of 2016, net of costs primarily related to site preparation.
effective december 31, 2015, the company concluded it no longer met the accounting criteria for consolidation of its venezuelan subsidiary ("cp venezuela") and began accounting for cp venezuela using the cost method of accounting. as such, effective december 31, 2015, the company's consolidated balance sheet no longer includes the assets and liabilities of cp venezuela. as a result of this change in accounting, the company recorded an aftertax charge of $1,058 ($1,084 pretax) or $1.16 per diluted share in 2015. the charge primarily consists of an impairment of the company's investment in cp venezuela of $952, which includes intercompany receivables from cp venezuela, and $111 related to the reclassification of cumulative translation losses. prior periods have not been restated and cp venezuela's net sales, operating profit and net income are included in the company's consolidated statements of income through december 31, 2015.
since january 1, 2016, under the cost method of accounting, the company no longer includes the local operating results of cp venezuela in its consolidated financial statements and includes income relating to cp venezuela only to the extent it receives cash for sales of inventory to cp venezuela or for dividends or royalties remitted by cp venezuela, all of which have been immaterial. although cp venezuela's local operating results are no longer included in the company's consolidated financial statements for accounting purposes, under current tax rules, the company is required to continue including cp venezuela in its consolidated u.s. federal income tax return. in the first quarter of 2016, provision for income taxes included a $210 u.s. income tax benefit principally related to changes in venezuela's foreign exchange regime implemented in march 2016. see note 11, income taxes to the consolidated financial statements for additional details.
prior to the change in accounting, which was effective december 31, 2015, cp venezuela's functional currency was the u.s. dollar since venezuela had been designated hyper-inflationary and, as such, venezuelan currency fluctuations were reported in income. the company remeasured the financial statements of cp venezuela at the end of each month at the rate at which it expected to remit future dividends which, based on the advice of legal counsel, was the sicad rate (formerly known as the sicad i rate). during the year ended december 31, 2015, the company incurred pretax losses of $34 ($22 aftertax or $0.02 per diluted common share) related to the remeasurement of cp venezuela's local currency-denominated net monetary assets at the quarter-end sicad rate for the second and third quarters of 2015. the sicad rate did not revalue during the fourth quarter of 2015 and was 13.50 bolivares per dollar as of december 31, 2015. the remeasurement losses incurred in the second and third quarters of 2015 are referred to as the "2015 venezuela remeasurements."
in the fourth quarter of 2012, the company commenced a global growth and efficiency program (as expanded in 2014 and 2015 as described below, the "2012 restructuring program") for sustained growth. the program's initiatives are expected to help the company ensure sustained solid worldwide growth in unit volume, organic sales and earnings per share and enhance its global leadership positions in its core businesses.
on october 23, 2014, the company's board of directors (the "board") approved an expansion of the 2012 restructuring program to take advantage of additional savings opportunities. on october 29, 2015, the board approved the reinvestment of the funds from the sale of the company's laundry detergent business in the south pacific to expand the 2012 restructuring program and extend it through december 31, 2017. the board approved the implementation plan for this expansion on march 10, 2016.
the initiatives under the 2012 restructuring program continue to be focused on the following areas:
▪   optimizing global supply chain and facilities cumulative pretax charges resulting from the 2012 restructuring program, once all phases are approved and implemented, are estimated to be $1,405 to $1,585 ($1,050 to $1,170 aftertax). savings from the 2012 restructuring program, substantially all of which are expected to increase future cash flows, are projected to be approximately $430 to $495 pretax ($400 to $475 aftertax) annually once all projects are approved and implemented.
in 2016, 2015 and 2014, the company incurred aftertax costs of $168, $183 and $208, respectively, associated with the 2012 restructuring program.
in august 2015, the company completed the sale of its laundry detergent business in the south pacific to henkel ag & co. kgaa for an aggregate purchase price of approximately 310 australian dollars ($221) and recorded a pretax gain of $187 ($120 aftertax or $0.13 per diluted share) in other (income) expense, net. the gain is net of charges related to the right-sizing of the company's south pacific business, asset write-offs related to the divested laundry detergent business and other costs related to the sale. as discussed above, the funds from the sale were reinvested to expand the 2012 restructuring program.
looking forward, the company expects global macroeconomic and market conditions to remain highly challenging and category growth rates continuing to be slow. while the global marketplace in which the company operates has always been highly competitive, the company continues to experience heightened competitive activity in certain markets from strong local competitors and from other large multinational companies, some of which have greater resources than the company does. such activities have included more aggressive product claims and marketing challenges, as well as increased promotional spending and geographic expansion. in addition, the emergence of new sales channels for the company's products, such as e-commerce, may affect consumer preferences and market dynamics. given that approximately 75% of the company's net sales originate in markets outside the u.s., the company continues to experience volatile foreign currency fluctuations and high raw and packaging material costs, driven by foreign exchange transaction costs. while the company has taken, and will continue to take, measures to mitigate the effect of these conditions, should they persist, they could adversely affect the company's future results.
the company believes it is well prepared to meet the challenges ahead due to its strong financial condition, experience operating in challenging environments and continued focus on the company's strategic initiatives: engaging to build our brands; innovation for growth; effectiveness and efficiency; and leading to win. this focus, together with the strength of the company's global brands, its broad international presence in both developed and emerging markets and initiatives, such as the 2012 restructuring program, should position the company well to increase shareholder value over the long term.
results of operations net sales worldwide net sales were $15,195 in 2016, down 5.0% from 2015, as net selling price increases of 2.5% were more than offset by volume declines of 3.0% and negative foreign exchange of 4.5%. excluding divested businesses and the impact of the deconsolidation of the company's venezuelan operations, volume increased 1.5%. organic sales (net sales excluding the impact of foreign exchange, acquisitions, divestments and the deconsolidation of the company's venezuelan operations), a non-gaap financial measure as discussed below, increased 4.0% in 2016.
the increase in organic sales in 2016 versus 2015 was driven by an increase in oral care organic sales, with the toothpaste and manual toothbrush categories contributing to growth. personal care and home care also contributed to organic sales growth due to strong organic sales in the shower gel and the fabric softener categories, respectively.
the company's share of the global toothpaste market was 44.0% for full year 2016, down 0.3 share points from full year 2015 and its share of the global manual toothbrush market was 33.1% for full year 2016, down 0.3 share points from full year 2015. full year 2016 market shares in toothpaste were up in north america and down in europe and asia pacific versus full year 2015. in the manual toothbrush category, full year 2016 market shares were up in north america and europe and down in latin america, asia pacific and africa/eurasia versus full year 2015. for additional information regarding the company's use of market share data and limitations on such data, see "market share information" below.
net sales for hill's pet nutrition were $2,264 in 2016, an increase of 2.5% from 2015, driven by net selling price increases of 2.5%, while volume and foreign exchange were flat. organic sales for hill's pet nutrition increased 2.5% in 2016.
the increase in organic sales in 2016 versus 2015 was due to an increase in organic sales in the prescription diet category, partially offset by a decline in organic sales in the advanced nutrition and natural categories.
gross profit/margin worldwide gross profit decreased 3% to $9,123 in 2016 from $9,399 in 2015. gross profit in both periods included charges related to the 2012 restructuring program. excluding these items in both periods, gross profit decreased to $9,169 in 2016 from $9,419 in 2015, reflecting a decrease of $492 resulting from the impact of the deconsolidation of the company's venezuelan operations effective december 31, 2015 and negative foreign exchange, partially offset by growth in organic sales. this decrease in gross profit was partially offset by an increase of $242 resulting from higher gross profit margin.
worldwide gross profit margin increased to 60.0% in 2016 from 58.6% in 2015. excluding charges related to the 2012 restructuring program in both periods, gross profit margin increased by 160 basis points (bps) to 60.3% in 2016, from 58.7% in 2015. this increase in gross profit margin was primarily driven by cost savings from the company's funding-the-growth initiatives (190 bps) and the 2012 restructuring program (10 bps) and higher pricing (100 bps), partially offset by higher costs (170 bps), which included higher raw and packaging material costs driven by significant foreign exchange transaction costs and the impact of the deconsolidation of the company's venezuelan operations effective december 31, 2015.
worldwide gross profit decreased 7% to $9,399 in 2015 from $10,109 in 2014. gross profit in both periods included charges related to the 2012 restructuring program. gross profit in 2014 also included costs related to the sale of land in mexico. excluding these items in both periods, gross profit decreased to $9,419 in 2015 from $10,142 in 2014, due to lower net sales ($730), as the growth in organic sales was more than offset by the impact of negative foreign exchange.
worldwide gross profit margin increased to 58.6% in 2015 from 58.5% in 2014. excluding the items described above in both periods, gross profit margin was 58.7% in 2015, even with 2014, as cost savings from the company's funding-the-growth initiatives (220 bps) and the 2012 restructuring program (20 bps) and higher pricing (130 bps) were offset by higher costs (370 bps), which included higher raw and packaging material costs, driven by significant foreign exchange transaction costs.
gross profit, gaap                                   $9,123              $9,399             $10,109
gross profit, non-gaap                               $9,169              $9,419             $10,142
2016          2015       basis point change          2014       basis point change gross profit margin, gaap          60.0   %      58.6   %                      140      58.5   %   10
gross profit margin, non-gaap      60.3   %      58.7   %                      160      58.7   %       -
selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales increased to 34.5% in 2016 from 34.1% in 2015. excluding charges related to the 2012 restructuring program in both periods, selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales were 34.0%, an increase of 30 bps as compared to 2015. this increase in 2016 was driven by increased advertising investment (10 bps) and higher overhead expenses (20 bps), both as a percentage of net sales. in 2016, advertising investment decreased 4.2% to $1,428 as compared with $1,491 in 2015, while as a percentage of net sales, it increased to 9.4% from 9.3% in 2015.
selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased to 34.1% in 2015 from 34.6% in 2014. excluding the charges related to the 2012 restructuring program, selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales were 33.7%, a decrease of 60 bps as compared to 2014. this decrease in 2015 was primarily driven by decreased advertising investment (100 bps), partially offset by higher overhead expenses (40 bps), both as a percentage of net sales. in 2015, advertising investment decreased 16.4% to $1,491 as compared with $1,784 in 2014, largely reflecting the impact of negative foreign exchange, and decreased as a percentage of net sales to 9.3% from 10.3% in 2014, in part reflecting a shift from advertising investment to in-store promotional activities.
charges for previously disclosed litigation matters                 17                14                41
equity (income)                                                    (10   )            (8   )            (7   )
other (income) expense, net was $37 in 2016 as compared to $62 in 2015. other (income) expense, net in both periods included charges related to the 2012 restructuring program and charges for previously disclosed litigation matters. other (income) expense, net in 2016 also included a gain on the sale of land in mexico. in 2015, other (income) expense, net also included a gain on the sale of the company's laundry detergent business in the south pacific and charges related to the 2015 venezuela remeasurements.
other (income) expense, net was $62 in 2015 as compared to $570 in 2014. in 2014, other (income) expense, net included charges related to the 2012 restructuring program, the 2014 venezuela remeasurements and previously disclosed litigation matters.
excluding the items described above in all periods, as applicable, other (income) expense, net was $12 in 2016, $31 in 2015 and $7 in 2014.
charges for previously disclosed litigation matters                (17   )           (14   )           (41   )
operating profit operating profit increased 38% to $3,837 in 2016 from $2,789 in 2015. operating profit decreased 22% to $2,789 in 2015 from $3,557 in 2014.
in 2016, 2015 and 2014, operating profit included charges related to the 2012 restructuring program and previously disclosed litigation matters. in 2016, operating profit also included a gain on sale of land in mexico. in 2015 and 2014, operating profit included charges related to the 2015 and 2014 venezuela remeasurements, respectively. in 2015, operating profit also included a charge related to the deconsolidation of the company's venezuelan operations and a gain on the sale of the company's laundry detergent business in the south pacific. in 2014, operating profit also included costs related to the sale of land in mexico. excluding these items in all periods, as applicable, operating profit in 2016 was even with 2015, primarily due to lower gross profit which was offset by a decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses. operating profit decreased 5% in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily due to lower gross profit, partially offset by a decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses.
operating profit margin was 25.3% in 2016, compared with 17.4% in 2015 and 20.6% in 2014. excluding the items described above in 2016 and 2015 as applicable, operating profit margin increased 130 bps to 26.2% in 2016 compared to 24.9% in 2015. this increase is primarily due to an increase in gross profit (160 bps), partially offset by an increase in selling, general and administrative expenses (30 bps), both as a percentage of net sales. excluding the items described above in 2015 and 2014 as applicable, operating profit margin increased 50 bps in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily due to a decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales (60 bps).
2016                2015       % change                   2014      % change operating profit, gaap                                            $3,837              $2,789       38         %             $3,557        (22   )%
charges for previously disclosed litigation matters                   17                  14                                    41
operating profit, non-gaap                                        $3,985              $3,988           -      %             $4,215         (5   )%
2016            2015       basis point change          2014          basis point change operating profit margin, gaap                                   25.3   %        17.4   %                      790      20.6   %            (320           )
charges for previously disclosed litigation matters              0.1             0.1                                    0.2
operating profit margin, non-gaap                               26.2   %        24.9   %                      130      24.4   %   50
interest (income) expense, net interest (income) expense, net was $99 in 2016 compared with $26 in 2015 and $24 in 2014, primarily due to lower interest income on investments held outside the united states, which reflects the impact of the deconsolidation of the company's venezuelan operations effective december 31, 2015, and higher interest expense as a result of higher average interest rates on debt. the change in interest (income) expense, net from 2014 to 2015 was primarily due to higher interest expense as a result of higher debt levels.
benefits from previously disclosed tax matters                               -                                    35                               0.9
charges for a previously disclosed litigation matter                        17                                     6                                 -
charge for a previously disclosed litigation matter                             14                                     -                              (0.1                )
charge for a previously disclosed litigation matter                        41                                      -                              (0.3                )
(1) the income tax effect on non-gaap items is calculated based upon the tax laws and statutory income tax rates applicable in the tax jurisdiction(s) of the underlying non-gaap adjustment.
(2) the impact of non-gaap items on the company's effective tax rate represents the difference in the effective tax rate calculated with and without the non-gaap adjustment on income before income taxes and provision for income taxes.
the effective tax rate in 2016 included a $210 u.s. income tax benefit recognized in the first quarter of 2016 principally related to changes in venezuela's foreign exchange regime implemented in march 2016. although, effective december 31, 2015, the operating results of cp venezuela are no longer included in the company's consolidated financial statements, under current tax rules, the company is required to continue including cp venezuela's results in its consolidated u.s. federal income tax return. see note 11, income taxes and note 14, venezuela to the consolidated financial statements. in order to fully recognize the $210 tax benefit in 2016, the company repatriated an incremental $1,500 of earnings of foreign subsidiaries it previously considered indefinitely reinvested outside of the u.s., and accordingly, recorded a tax charge of $210 during the first quarter of 2016.
in 2014, the company received a notice of an adverse decision in the foreign court regarding a tax position it has taken since 2002. as a result, as required, the company reassessed its tax position in light of the decision and concluded it needed to increase its unrecognized tax benefits by $30 and write off a $36 deferred tax asset. in 2015, the company became aware of several supreme court rulings in the foreign jurisdiction disallowing certain tax deductions which had the effect of reversing prior decisions. since the company had taken deductions in prior years similar to those now disallowed by the court, the company, as required, reassessed its tax position and increased its unrecognized tax benefits by $15.
in 2016, the supreme court in the foreign jurisdiction decided the matter in the company's favor for the years 2002 through 2005. also in 2016, the administrative court in the foreign jurisdiction decided the matter in the company's favor for the years 2008 through 2011 by acknowledging the supreme court's ruling for the years 2002 through 2005, which eliminated the possibility of future appeals. as a result, the company recorded a tax benefit of $30, including interest. the tax benefit of deductions related to this tax position taken for the years 2006 through 2007 and 2012 through 2014 totals approximately $14 at current exchange rates. these deductions are currently being challenged by the tax authorities in the foreign jurisdiction either in the lower courts or at the administrative level and, if resolved in the company's favor, will result in the company recording additional tax benefits, including interest.
the effective income tax rate in all years benefited from tax planning associated with the company's global business initiatives.
net income attributable to colgate-palmolive company and earnings per share, diluted net income attributable to colgate-palmolive company was $2,441, or $2.72 per share on a diluted basis, in 2016 compared to $1,384, or $1.52 per share on a diluted basis, in 2015 and $2,180, or $2.36 per share on a diluted basis, in 2014. in 2016, 2015 and 2014, net income attributable to colgate-palmolive company included aftertax charges related to the 2012 restructuring program and charges for previously disclosed litigation matters. in 2016, net income attributable to colgate-palmolive company also included a gain on sale of land in mexico and benefits from previously disclosed tax matters. in 2015, net income attributable to colgate-palmolive company also included a charge related to the deconsolidation of the company's venezuelan operations and a gain on the sale of the company's laundry detergent business in the south pacific. in 2015 and 2014, net income attributable to colgate-palmolive company included charges related to the 2015 and 2014 venezuela remeasurements and previously disclosed tax matters. in 2014, net income attributable to colgate-palmolive company included costs related to the sale of land in mexico.
excluding the items described above in all years, as applicable, net income attributable to colgate-palmolive company decreased 1% to $2,522 in 2016 and earnings per share, diluted was even at $2.81, and net income attributable to colgate-palmolive company decreased 6% to $2,556 in 2015, as compared to $2,712 in 2014, and earnings per share, diluted decreased 4% to $2.81 in 2015.
benefits from previously disclosed tax matters                          -                                    35                                                 (35                 )      -                                                                                                 (35                   )                       (0.04           )
charge for a previously disclosed litigation matter                    17                                     6                                                  11                        -                                                                                                  11                                            0.01
charge for a previously disclosed litigation matter                         14                                     -                                                  14                        -                                                                                                  14                                            0.02
charge for a previously disclosed litigation matter                    41                                      -                                                  41                                                            41                                            0.04
(1) the income tax effect on non-gaap items is calculated based upon the tax laws and statutory income tax rates applicable in the tax jurisdiction(s) of the underlying non-gaap adjustment.
segment results the company markets its products in over 200 countries and territories throughout the world in two product segments: oral, personal and home care; and pet nutrition. the company evaluates segment performance based on several factors, including operating profit. the company uses operating profit as a measure of the operating segment performance because it excludes the impact of corporate-driven decisions related to interest expense and income taxes.
operating profit      $1,030                $974            6        %              $926            5        %
the increase in organic sales in north america in 2016 versus 2015 was driven by oral care with strong organic sales in the toothpaste category. personal care also contributed to organic sales growth due to strong sales in the shower gel category.
operating profit in north america increased 6% in 2016 to $1,030, or 150 bps to 32.4% of net sales. this increase in operating profit as a percentage of net sales was primarily due to an increase in gross profit (100 bps) and a decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses (70 bps), both as a percentage of net sales. this increase in gross profit was primarily driven by cost savings from the company's funding-the-growth initiatives (190 bps), which were partially offset by higher raw and packaging material costs (70 bps). this decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses was due to lower overhead expenses (40 bps) and decreased advertising investment (30 bps), in part reflecting a shift from advertising investment to in-store promotional activities.
operating profit in north america increased 5% in 2015 to $974, or 130 bps to 30.9% of net sales. this increase in operating profit as a percentage of net sales was primarily due to an increase in gross profit (80 bps) and a decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses (90 bps), both as a percentage of net sales. this increase in gross profit was primarily driven by cost savings from the company's funding-the-growth initiatives (200 bps) and the 2012 restructuring program (10 bps), which were partially offset by higher costs (140 bps), primarily driven by higher raw and packaging material costs. this decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to decreased advertising investment (80 bps), in part reflecting a shift from advertising investment to in-store promotional activities.
operating profit      $1,132              $1,209              (6    )   %            $1,279             (5    )   %
operating profit in latin america decreased 6% in 2016 to $1,132, while as a percentage of net sales it increased 310 bps to 31.0% of net sales. this increase in operating profit as a percentage of net sales was primarily due to an increase in gross profit (390 bps), partially offset by an increase in selling, general and administrative expenses (70 bps), both as a percentage of net sales. this increase in gross profit was mainly driven by cost savings from the company's funding-the-growth initiatives (150 bps) and higher pricing, which were partially offset by higher raw and packaging material costs (100 bps), which included foreign exchange transaction costs and the impact of the deconsolidation of the company's venezuelan operations effective december 31, 2015. this increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was due to increased advertising investment (90 bps), which was partially offset by lower overhead expenses (20 bps).
operating profit in latin america decreased 5% in 2015 to $1,209, while as a percentage of net sales it increased 110 bps to 27.9% of net sales. this increase in operating profit as a percentage of net sales was primarily due to a decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses (130 bps), partially offset by a decrease in gross profit (60 bps), both as a percentage of net sales. this decrease in gross profit was primarily due to higher raw and packaging material costs (680 bps), driven by foreign exchange transaction costs, and higher manufacturing costs (60 bps), driven by venezuela, which were partially offset by cost savings from the company's funding-the-growth initiatives (200 bps) and higher pricing. this decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses was due to decreased advertising investment (130 bps), in part reflecting a shift from advertising investment to in-store promotional activities.
operating profit        $579                $615         (6   )    %              $712             (14    )   %
% of net sales          24.7   %            25.5   %    (80   )    bps            25.1   %          40        bps net sales in europe decreased 3.0% in 2016 to $2,342, as volume growth of 2.5% was more than offset by net selling price decreases of 2.5% and negative foreign exchange of 3.0%. organic sales in europe were flat in 2016. volume gains were led by germany, the united kingdom and poland, partially offset by volume declines in france.
net sales in europe decreased 15.0% in 2015 to $2,411, as volume growth of 3.0% was more than offset by net selling price decreases of 3.5% and negative foreign exchange of 14.5%. organic sales in europe were flat in 2015. volume gains in france, the united kingdom and poland were partially offset by volume declines in austria.
operating profit in europe decreased 6% in 2016 to $579, or 80 bps to 24.7% of net sales. this decrease in operating profit as a percentage of net sales was primarily due to a decrease in gross profit (100 bps), partially offset by a decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses (50 bps), both as a percentage of net sales. this decrease in gross profit was primarily driven by higher costs (200 bps), primarily due to higher raw and packaging material costs, which included foreign exchange transaction costs, and lower pricing due to increased in-store promotional activities. these decreases in gross profit were partially offset by cost savings from the company's funding-the-growth initiatives (160 bps) and the 2012 restructuring program (30 bps). this decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses was due to decreased advertising investment (100 bps), in part reflecting a shift from advertising investment to in-store promotional activities, which was partially offset by higher overhead expenses (50 bps).
operating profit in europe decreased 14% in 2015 to $615, while as a percentage of net sales it increased 40 bps to 25.5% of net sales. this increase in operating profit as a percentage of net sales was primarily due to a decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses (60 bps), partially offset by a decrease in gross profit (10 bps), both as a percentage of net sales. this decrease in gross profit was primarily due to higher raw and packaging material costs (200 bps), driven by foreign exchange transaction costs, and lower pricing due to increased promotional activities, which were partially offset by cost savings from the company's funding-the-growth initiatives (230 bps) and the 2012 restructuring program (70 bps). this decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses was due to decreased advertising investment (70 bps), in part reflecting a shift from advertising investment to in-store promotional activities, which was partially offset by higher overhead expenses (10 bps).
operating profit        $887                $888           -           %              $901             (1    )   %
the increase in organic sales in 2016 versus 2015 was driven by an increase in oral care organic sales with the toothpaste and the manual toothbrush categories contributing to growth. personal care and home care organic sales also contributed to organic sales growth with gains in the shampoo and fabric softener categories, respectively.
operating profit in asia pacific decreased to $887 in 2016, while as a percentage of net sales it increased 150 bps to 31.7% of net sales. this increase in operating profit as a percentage of net sales was primarily due to an increase in gross profit (50 bps) and a decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses (40 bps), both as a percentage of net sales. this increase in gross profit was primarily due to cost savings from the company's funding-the-growth initiatives (260 bps) and sales mix, which were partially offset by higher costs (290 bps), primarily driven by raw and packaging material costs, which included foreign exchange transaction costs. this decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses was due to decreased advertising investment (10 bps), in part reflecting a shift from advertising investment to in-store promotional activities, and lower overhead expenses (30 bps).
operating profit in asia pacific decreased 1% in 2015 to $888, while as a percentage of net sales, it increased 100 bps to 30.2% of net sales. this increase in operating profit as a percentage of net sales was due to an increase in gross profit (10 bps) and a decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses (90 bps), both as a percentage of net sales. this increase in gross profit was primarily due to cost savings from the company's funding-the-growth initiatives (270 bps), which were partially offset by higher costs (250 bps), primarily driven by raw and packaging material costs, which included foreign exchange transaction costs, and lower pricing due to increased promotional activities. this decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses was due to decreased advertising investment (60 bps), in part reflecting a shift from advertising investment to in-store promotional activities, and lower overhead expenses (30 bps).
operating profit      $186              $178              4        %              $235         (24   )    %
the increase in organic sales in 2016 versus 2015 was driven by oral care with strong sales growth in the toothpaste and the manual toothbrush categories. personal care also contributed to organic sales growth with gains in the shower gel and bar soap categories.
operating profit in africa/eurasia increased 4% in 2016 to $186, or 160 bps to 19.4% of net sales. this increase in operating profit as a percentage of net sales was primarily due to an increase in gross profit (300 bps), partially offset by an increase in selling, general and administrative expenses (150 bps), both as a percentage of net sales. this increase in gross profit was mainly driven by cost savings from the company's funding-the-growth initiatives (170 bps) and higher pricing, which were partially offset by higher raw and packaging material costs (350 bps), driven by higher foreign exchange transaction costs. the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was due to higher overhead expenses (120 bps) and increased advertising investment (30 bps).
operating profit in africa/eurasia decreased 24% in 2015 to $178, or 170 bps to 17.8% of net sales. this decrease in operating profit as a percentage of net sales was primarily due to a decrease in gross profit (240 bps), partially offset by a decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses (120 bps), both as a percentage of net sales. this decrease in gross profit was primarily due to higher raw and packaging material costs (790 bps), driven by higher foreign exchange transaction costs, which were partially offset by cost savings from the company's funding-the-growth initiatives (260 bps) and higher pricing. the decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses was due to decreased advertising investment (190 bps), in part reflecting a shift from advertising investment to in-store promotional activities, which was partially offset by higher overhead expenses (70 bps).
hill's pet nutrition
operating profit        $653                $612            7        %              $592              3        %
% of net sales          28.8   %            27.7   %      110        bps            26.3   %        140        bps net sales for hill's pet nutrition increased 2.5% in 2016 to $2,264, driven by net selling price increases of 2.5% while volume and foreign exchange were flat. organic sales in hill's pet nutrition increased 2.5% in 2016. volume gains led by russia, western europe, south africa, canada and taiwan were offset by volume declines in the united states and japan. the volume declines in japan were attributable to a continued contraction in the market.
the increase in organic sales in 2016 versus 2015 was due to an increase in organic sales in the prescription diet category, partially offset by a decline in organic sales in the advanced nutrition and natural categories.
net sales for hill's pet nutrition decreased 2.0% in 2015 to $2,212, as volume growth of 3.5% and net selling price increases of 2.5% were more than offset by negative foreign exchange of 8.0%. organic sales in hill's pet nutrition increased 6.0% in 2015. volume gains were led by the united states and taiwan.
operating profit in hill's pet nutrition increased 7% in 2016 to $653, or 110 bps to 28.8% of net sales. this increase in operating profit as a percentage of net sales was primarily due to an increase in gross profit (20 bps), a decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses (10 bps), and a decrease in other (income) expense, net (80 bps), all as a percentage of net sales. this increase in gross profit was primarily driven by cost savings from the company's funding-the-growth initiatives (190 bps) and higher pricing, partially offset by higher costs (270 bps), primarily driven by higher raw and packaging material costs, which included higher foreign exchange transaction costs. this decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to lower overhead expenses (10 bps). this decrease in other (income) expense, net was in part due to a foreign sales tax benefit.
operating profit in hill's pet nutrition increased 3% in 2015 to $612, or 140 bps to 27.7% of net sales. this increase in operating profit as a percentage of net sales was primarily due to an increase in gross profit (60 bps) and a decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses (190 bps), which were partially offset by an increase in other (income) expense, net (110 bps), all as a percentage of net sales. this increase in gross profit was primarily due to cost savings from the company's funding-the-growth initiatives (200 bps) and higher pricing, partially offset by higher costs (220 bps), primarily driven by higher raw and packaging material costs, which included higher foreign exchange transaction costs. this decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to decreased advertising investment (170 bps). this increase in other (income) expense, net was primarily due to the expiration of a foreign sales tax exemption.
2016                                    2015                % change        2014                    % change operating profit (loss)   $(630     )       $(1,687     )   (63   )    %        $(1,088     )   55         %
corporate operations include corporate overhead costs, research and development costs, stock-based compensation expense related to stock options and restricted stock unit awards, restructuring and related implementation costs and gains and losses on sales of non-core product lines. the components of operating profit (loss) for the corporate segment are presented as follows:
charges for previously disclosed litigation matters            (17       )             (14   )       (41         )
total corporate operating profit (loss)                        $(630     )         $(1,687   )       $(1,088     )
2012 restructuring program in the fourth quarter of 2012, the company commenced the 2012 restructuring program. the program's initiatives are expected to help colgate ensure sustained solid worldwide growth in unit volume, organic sales and earnings per share and enhance its global leadership positions in its core businesses.
the 2012 restructuring program is expected to produce significant benefits in the company's long-term business performance. the major objectives of the program include:
▪   becoming even stronger on the ground through the continued evolution and expansion of proven global and regional commercial capabilities, which have already been successfully implemented in a number of the company's operations around the world.
▪   simplifying and standardizing how work gets done by increasing technology-enabled collaboration and taking advantage of global data and analytic capabilities, leading to smarter and faster decisions.
▪   reducing structural costs to continue to increase the company's gross and operating profit.
▪   building on colgate's current position of strength to enhance its leading market share positions worldwide and ensure sustained sales and earnings growth.
on october 23, 2014, the board approved an expansion of the 2012 restructuring program to take advantage of additional savings opportunities. on october 29, 2015, the board approved the reinvestment of the funds from the sale of the company's laundry detergent business in the south pacific to expand the 2012 restructuring program and extend it through december 31, 2017. the board approved the implementation plan for this expansion on march 10, 2016.
the initiatives under the 2012 restructuring program continue to be focused on the following areas:
▪   expanding commercial hubs - building on the success of this structure already implemented in several divisions, continuing to cluster single-country subsidiaries into more efficient regional hubs, in order to drive smarter and faster decision-making, strengthen capabilities available on the ground and improve cost structure.
▪   extending shared business services and streamlining global functions - implementing the company's shared service organizational model in all regions of the world. while initially focused on finance and accounting, these shared services are now being expanded to additional functional areas to streamline global functions.
▪   optimizing global supply chain and facilities - continuing to optimize manufacturing efficiencies, global warehouse networks and office locations for greater efficiency, lower cost and speed to bring innovation to market.
cumulative pretax charges resulting from the 2012 restructuring program, once all phases are approved and implemented, are estimated to be $1,405 to $1,585 ($1,050 to $1,170 aftertax). the pretax charges resulting from the 2012 restructuring program are currently estimated to be comprised of the following categories: employee-related costs, including severance, pension and other termination benefits (50%); asset-related costs, primarily incremental depreciation and asset impairments (10%); and other charges, which include contract termination costs, consisting primarily of related implementation charges resulting directly from exit activities (20%) and the implementation of new strategies (20%). over the course of the 2012 restructuring program, it is currently estimated that approximately 75% of the charges will result in cash expenditures. anticipated pretax charges for 2017 are expected to approximate $180 to $360 ($140 to $260 aftertax). it is expected that substantially all charges resulting from the 2012 restructuring program will be incurred by december 31, 2017.
it is expected that the cumulative pretax charges, once all projects are approved and implemented, will relate to initiatives undertaken in north america (15%), europe (20%), latin america (5%), asia pacific (5%), africa/eurasia (5%), hill's pet nutrition (10%) and corporate (40%), which includes substantially all of the costs related to the implementation of new strategies, noted above, on a global basis. it is expected that, when it has been fully implemented, the 2012 restructuring program will contribute a net reduction of approximately 3,300 to 3,800 positions from the company's global employee workforce.
restructuring and related implementation charges in the preceding table are recorded in the corporate segment as these initiatives are predominantly centrally directed and controlled and are not included in internal measures of segment operating performance.
total charges incurred for the 2012 restructuring program relate to initiatives undertaken by the following reportable operating segments:
hill's pet nutrition    7   %       5   %      10   %               7           %
(1) the company has recast its historical geographic segment information to conform to the new reporting structure. see "executive overview and outlook" above for additional details.
since the inception of the 2012 restructuring program in the fourth quarter of 2012, the company has incurred cumulative pretax charges of $1,228 ($907 aftertax) in connection with the implementation of various projects as follows:
the majority of costs incurred since inception relate to the following projects: the implementation of the company's overall hubbing strategy; the consolidation of facilities; the extension of shared business services and streamlining of global functions; the simplification and streamlining of the company's research and development capabilities and oral care supply chain, both in europe; the closing of the morristown, new jersey personal care facility; and restructuring how the company will provide future retirement benefits to substantially all of the u.s.-based employees participating in the company's defined benefit retirement plan by shifting them to the company's defined contribution plan.
the following table summarizes the activity for the restructuring and related implementation charges discussed above and the related accruals:
employee-related costs primarily include severance and other termination benefits and are calculated based on long-standing benefit practices, local statutory requirements and, in certain cases, voluntary termination arrangements. employee-related costs also include pension and other retiree benefit enhancements amounting to $4, $17 and $5 for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, which are reflected as charges against assets within employee-related costs in the preceding table, as the corresponding balance sheet amounts are reflected as a reduction of pension assets or an increase in pension and other retiree benefit liabilities (see note 10, retirement plans and other retiree benefits to the consolidated financial statements).
incremental depreciation is recorded to reflect changes in useful lives and estimated residual values for long-lived assets that will be taken out of service prior to the end of their normal service period. asset impairments are recorded to write down assets held for sale or disposal to their fair value based on amounts expected to be realized. charges against assets within asset impairments are net of cash proceeds pertaining to the sale of certain assets.
other charges consist primarily of charges resulting directly from exit activities and the implementation of new strategies as a result of the 2012 restructuring program. these charges for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 include third-party incremental costs related to the development and implementation of new business and strategic initiatives of $116, $65 and $65, respectively, and contract termination costs and charges resulting directly from exit activities of $21, $8 and $40, respectively, directly related to the 2012 restructuring program. these charges were expensed as incurred. also included in other charges for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 are other exit costs of $1, $47 and $82, respectively, related to the consolidation of facilities.
non-gaap financial measures this annual report on form 10-k discusses certain financial measures on both a gaap and a non-gaap basis. the company uses the non-gaap financial measures described below internally in its budgeting process, to evaluate segment and overall operating performance and as a factor in determining compensation. the company believes that these non-gaap financial measures are useful in evaluating the company's underlying business performance and trends; however, this information should be considered as supplemental in nature and is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related financial information prepared in accordance with gaap. in addition, these non-gaap financial measures may not be the same as similar measures presented by other companies.
net sales growth (gaap) and organic sales growth (net sales growth excluding the impact of foreign exchange, acquisitions, divestments and the deconsolidation of the company's venezuelan operations) (non-gaap) are discussed in this annual report on form 10-k. management believes the organic sales growth measure provides investors and analysts with useful supplemental information regarding the company's underlying sales trends by presenting sales growth excluding the external factor of foreign exchange, as well as the impact of acquisitions, divestments and the deconsolidation of the company's venezuelan operations. a reconciliation of organic sales growth to net sales growth for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015 is provided below.
worldwide gross profit, gross profit margin, selling, general and administrative expenses, selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales, other (income) expense, net, operating profit, operating profit margin, effective income tax rate, net income attributable to colgate-palmolive company and earnings per share on a diluted basis are discussed in this annual report on form 10-k both on a gaap basis and, as applicable, excluding charges resulting from the 2012 restructuring program, a gain on the sale of land in mexico, benefits from previously disclosed tax matters, a charge from a previously disclosed tax matter, charges from previously disclosed litigation matters, costs related to the sale of land in mexico, a gain on the sale of the company's south pacific laundry detergent business, charges related to effective devaluations in venezuela and a charge for the deconsolidation of the company's venezuelan operations (non-gaap). these non-gaap financial measures exclude items that, either by their nature or amount, management would not expect to occur as part of the company's normal business on a regular basis, such as restructuring charges, charges for certain litigation and tax matters, gains and losses from certain divestitures and certain unusual, non-recurring items. investors and analysts use these financial measures in assessing the company's business performance, and management believes that presenting these financial measures on a non-gaap basis provides them with useful supplemental information to enhance their understanding of the company's underlying business performance and trends. these non-gaap financial measures also enhance the ability to compare period-to-period financial results. a reconciliation of each of these non-gaap financial measures to the most directly comparable gaap financial measures for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 is presented within the applicable section of results of operations.
the following tables provide a quantitative reconciliation of net sales growth to organic sales growth for each of the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015 versus the prior year:
year ended december 31, 2016         net sales growth   foreignexchangeimpact   acquisitions and divestments        organic
pet nutrition                                    2.5%                      -%   -%                                     2.5%
year ended december 31, 2015         net sales growth   foreignexchangeimpact   acquisitions and divestments        organic
pet nutrition                                  (2.0)%                  (8.0)%   -%                                     6.0%
(1) represents the impact of acquisitions, divestments and the deconsolidation of the company's venezuelan operations, as applicable.
market share information management uses market share information as a key indicator to monitor business health and performance. references to market share in this annual report on form 10-k are based on a combination of consumption and market share data provided by third-party vendors, primarily nielsen, and internal estimates. all market share references represent the percentage of the dollar value of sales of our products, relative to all product sales in the category in the countries in which the company competes and purchases data (excluding venezuela from all periods).
market share data is subject to limitations on the availability of up-to-date information. the company measures year-to-date market shares from january 1 of the relevant year through the most recent period for which market share data is available, which typically reflects a lag time of one or two months. we believe that the third-party vendors we use to provide data are reliable, but we have not verified the accuracy or completeness of the data or any assumptions underlying the data. in addition, market share information calculated by the company may be different from market share information calculated by other companies due to differences in category definitions, the use of data from different countries, internal estimates and other factors.
liquidity and capital resources the company expects cash flow from operations and debt issuances will be sufficient to meet foreseeable business operating and recurring cash needs (including for debt service, dividends, capital expenditures, costs resulting from the 2012 restructuring program and stock repurchases). the company believes its strong cash generation and financial position should continue to allow it broad access to global credit and capital markets.
cash flow net cash provided by operations was $3,141 in 2016, compared to $2,949 in 2015 and $3,298 in 2014. net cash provided by operations for 2016 increased due to strong operating earnings and the timing of income tax payments, partially offset by the impact of the deconsolidation of the company's venezuelan operations effective december 31, 2015 and voluntary contributions to employee postretirement plans. the decrease in 2015 as compared to 2014 was due to: a decrease in operating profit excluding a charge related to the change in accounting for the company's venezuelan operations, charges related to the 2012 restructuring program, charges related to the 2015 and 2014 venezuela remeasurements, a gain on the sale of the company's laundry detergent business in the south pacific, costs related to the sale of land in mexico and charges for previously disclosed litigation matters in both periods, as applicable; higher income tax payments; and a payment for a previously disclosed litigation matter.
the company defines working capital as the difference between current assets (excluding cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities, the latter of which is reported in other current assets) and current liabilities (excluding short-term debt). the company's working capital as a percentage of net sales was (2.2)% and 0.5% in 2016 and 2015, respectively. this decrease is primarily due to the company's tight focus on working capital and the impact of reclassifying current deferred tax assets to noncurrent deferred tax assets upon the adoption of a new accounting standard.
approximately 75% of total program charges related to the 2012 restructuring program, estimated to be $1,405 to $1,585 pretax ($1,050 to $1,170 aftertax), are expected to result in cash expenditures. savings from the 2012 restructuring program are projected to be in the range of $430 to $495 pretax ($400 to $475 aftertax) annually, once all projects are approved and implemented, substantially all of which are expected to increase future cash flows. the anticipated pretax charges for 2017 are expected to amount to approximately $180 to $360 ($140 to $260 aftertax) and savings in 2017 are expected to approximate $40 to $60 pretax ($30 to $50 aftertax). it is anticipated that cash requirements for the 2012 restructuring program will continue to be funded from operating cash flows. approximately 60% of the restructuring accrual at december 31, 2016 is expected to be paid before year end 2017.
investing activities used $499 of cash in 2016, compared to $685 and $859 during 2015 and 2014, respectively. purchases of marketable securities and investments decreased in 2016 to $336 from $742 in 2015, due to the deconsolidation of the company's venezuelan operations, a decrease in bank deposits with original maturities greater than 90 days and a decrease in purchases by the company's argentinian subsidiary of u.s. dollar-linked fixed interest rate government bonds. proceeds from the sale of marketable securities and investments decreased in 2016 to $378 from $599 in 2015, due to the deconsolidation of the company's venezuelan operations and an increase in proceeds from the redemption of bank deposits with original maturities greater than 90 days, partially offset by higher proceeds from the company's argentinian subsidiary's investment in u.s. dollar-linked fixed interest rate government bonds.
in september 2016, the company's mexican subsidiary completed the sale to the united states of america of the mexico city site on which its commercial operations, technology center and soap production facility were previously located and received $60 as the third and final installment of the sale price. the total sale price (including the third installment and the previously received first and second installments) was $120. the company recognized a pretax gain of $97 ($63 aftertax gain) in the third quarter of 2016, net of costs primarily related to site preparation.
in august 2015, the company completed the sale of its laundry detergent business in the south pacific to henkel ag & co. kgaa for an aggregate purchase price of approximately 310 australian dollars ($221) and recorded a pretax gain of $187 ($120 aftertax or $0.13 per diluted share). the gain is net of charges related to the right-sizing of the company's south pacific business, asset write-offs related to the divested laundry detergent business and other costs related to the sale. as discussed above, the funds from the sale were reinvested to expand the 2012 restructuring program.
capital expenditures in 2016 were $593, a decrease from $691 in 2015 and $757 in 2014. capital expenditures decreased in 2016 primarily due to lower spending on the 2012 restructuring program as it is entering its final stages. the company continues to focus its capital spending on projects that are expected to yield high aftertax returns. capital expenditures for 2017 are expected to be approximately 4.0% of net sales, which remains higher than the historical rate of approximately 3.5% primarily due to the 2012 restructuring program.
financing activities used $2,233 of cash during 2016 compared to $2,276 and $2,170 during 2015 and 2014, respectively. the decrease in cash used in 2016 as compared to 2015 was primarily due to lower purchases of treasury shares and higher proceeds from the exercise of stock options and excess tax benefits, partially offset by lower net proceeds from the issuance of debt. the increase in cash used in 2015 as compared to 2014 was primarily due to higher principal payments on debt, higher dividends paid and higher purchases of treasury shares, which were partially offset by higher proceeds from the issuances of debt.
long-term debt, including the current portion, decreased to $6,520 as of december 31, 2016, as compared to $6,544 as of december 31, 2015 and total debt decreased to $6,533 as of december 31, 2016 as compared to $6,548 as of december 31, 2015. the company's debt issuances support its capital structure strategy objectives of funding its business and growth initiatives while minimizing its risk-adjusted cost of capital. during the third quarter of 2015, the company issued $600 of thirty-year notes at a fixed rate of 4.00%. during the second quarter of 2015 the company issued €500 of euro-denominated four-year notes at a variable rate. the debt issuances in 2015 were under the company's shelf registration statement. proceeds from the debt issuances in the second and third quarters of 2015 were used for general corporate purposes, which included the retirement of commercial paper borrowings.
at december 31, 2016, the company had access to unused domestic and foreign lines of credit of $2,927 (including under the facilities discussed below) and could also issue medium-term notes pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement. in november 2011, the company entered into a five-year revolving credit facility with a capacity of $1,850 with a syndicate of banks. this facility was extended for an additional year in 2012 and again in 2013. in 2014, the company entered into an amendment of this facility whereby the facility was extended for an additional year to november 2019 and the capacity of the facility was increased to $2,370. in 2016, the facility was extended for an additional year to november 2020. the company also has the ability to draw $165 from a revolving credit facility that expires in november 2017. commitment fees related to the credit facilities are not material.
domestic and foreign commercial paper outstanding was $295 and $5 as of december 31, 2016 and december 31, 2015, respectively. the average daily balances outstanding for commercial paper in 2016 and 2015 were $1,642 and $1,989, respectively. the company classifies commercial paper and certain current maturities of notes payable as long-term debt when it has the intent and ability to refinance such obligations on a long-term basis, including, if necessary, by utilizing its line of credit that expires in november 2020.
weighted average interest rate        maturities           outstanding       weighted average interest rate           maturities          outstanding payable to banks                   1.6                 %              2017             $13                         1.8   %                            2016             $4
certain of the facilities with respect to the company's bank borrowings contain financial and other covenants as well as cross-default provisions. noncompliance with these requirements could ultimately result in the acceleration of amounts owed. the company is in full compliance with all such requirements and believes the likelihood of noncompliance is remote. see note 6, long-term debt and credit facilities to the consolidated financial statements for further information about the company's long-term debt and credit facilities.
the company repurchases shares of its common stock in the open market and in private transactions to maintain its targeted capital structure and to fulfill certain requirements of its compensation and benefit plans. on february 19, 2015, the board authorized the repurchase of shares of the company's common stock having an aggregate purchase price of up to $5,000 under a share repurchase program (the "2015 program"), which replaced the previous program approved by the board in 2011 (the "2011 program"). the company commenced repurchase of shares of the company's common stock under the 2015 program beginning february 19, 2015. the board also has authorized share repurchases on an ongoing basis to fulfill certain requirements of the company's compensation and benefit programs.
aggregate share repurchases in 2016 consisted of 18.3 million common shares under the 2015 program and 1.0 million common shares to fulfill the requirements of compensation and benefit plans, for a total purchase price of $1,335. aggregate repurchases in 2015 consisted of 19.9 million common shares under the 2015 program, 1.7 million common shares under the 2011 program and 1.2 million common shares to fulfill the requirements of compensation and benefit plans, for a total purchase price of $1,551. aggregate repurchases in 2014 consisted of 21.7 million common shares under the 2011 program and 1.5 million common shares to fulfill the requirements of compensation and benefit plans, for a total purchase price of $1,530.
cash and cash equivalents increased $345 during 2016 to $1,315 at december 31, 2016, compared to $970 at december 31, 2015, most of which ($1,273 and $932, respectively) were held by the company's foreign subsidiaries. the company regularly assesses its cash needs and the available sources to fund these needs and, as part of this assessment, the company determines the amount of foreign earnings it intends to repatriate to help fund its domestic cash needs and provides applicable u.s. income and foreign withholding taxes on such earnings.
as of december 31, 2016, the company had approximately $3,400 of undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries for which no u.s. income or foreign withholding taxes have been provided as the company considered such earnings to be indefinitely reinvested outside of the u.s. and, therefore, not subject to such taxes.
in order to fully recognize a $210 u.s. income tax benefit in 2016 principally related to changes in venezuela's foreign exchange regime, during the quarter ended march 31, 2016, the company decided to repatriate in 2016 $1,500 of earnings of foreign subsidiaries it previously considered indefinitely reinvested outside of the u.s., and accordingly, recorded a tax charge of $210. the company currently does not anticipate a need to repatriate additional undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries. any future repatriation would be subject to applicable u.s. income and foreign withholding taxes. as the company operates in over 200 countries and territories throughout the world and due to the complexities in the tax laws and the assumptions that would have to be made, it is not practicable to determine the tax liability that would arise if these earnings were repatriated.
the following represents the scheduled maturities of the company's contractual obligations as of december 31, 2016:
(1)   the company classifies commercial paper and notes maturing within the next 12 months as long-term debt when it has the intent and ability to refinance such obligations on a long-term basis. the amounts in this table exclude such obligations.
(2)   includes the net interest payments on fixed and variable rate debt and associated interest rate swaps. interest payments associated with floating rate instruments are based on management's best estimate of projected interest rates for the remaining term of variable rate debt.
(3)   the company had outstanding contractual obligations with suppliers at the end of 2016 for the purchase of raw, packaging and other materials and services in the normal course of business. these purchase obligation amounts represent only those items which are based on agreements that are legally binding and that specify all significant terms including minimum quantity, price and term and do not represent total anticipated purchases.
long-term liabilities associated with the company's postretirement plans are excluded from the table above due to the uncertainty of the timing of these cash disbursements. the amount and timing of cash funding related to these benefit plans will generally depend on local regulatory requirements, various economic assumptions (the most significant of which are detailed in "critical accounting policies and use of estimates" below) and voluntary company contributions. based on current information, the company is not required to make a mandatory contribution to its qualified u.s. pension plan in 2017. management's best estimate of voluntary contributions the company will make to u.s. pension plans for the year ending december 31, 2017 is approximately $57. in addition, total benefit payments to be paid to participants for the year ending december 31, 2017 from the company's assets are estimated to be approximately $81.
additionally, liabilities for unrecognized income tax benefits are excluded from the table above as the company is unable to reasonably predict the ultimate amount or timing of a settlement of such liabilities. see note 11, income taxes to the consolidated financial statements for more information.
as more fully described in part i, item 3 "legal proceedings" and note 13, commitments and contingencies to the consolidated financial statements, the company has commitments and contingencies with respect to lawsuits, environmental matters, taxes and other matters arising in the ordinary course of business.
off-balance sheet arrangements the company does not have off-balance sheet financing or unconsolidated special purpose entities.
managing foreign currency, interest rate, commodity price and credit risk exposure the company is exposed to market risk from foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and commodity price fluctuations. volatility relating to these exposures is managed on a global basis by utilizing a number of techniques, including working capital management, selling price increases, selective borrowings in local currencies and entering into selective derivative instrument transactions, issued with standard features, in accordance with the company's treasury and risk management policies. the company's treasury and risk management policies prohibit the use of derivatives for speculative purposes and leveraged derivatives for any purpose.
the sensitivity of our financial instruments to market fluctuations is discussed below. see note 2, summary of significant accounting policies and note 7, fair value measurements and financial instruments to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of derivatives and hedging policies and fair value measurements.
foreign exchange risk as the company markets its products in over 200 countries and territories, it is exposed to currency fluctuations related to manufacturing and selling its products in currencies other than the u.s. dollar. the company manages its foreign currency exposures through a combination of cost-containment measures, sourcing strategies, selling price increases and the hedging of certain costs in an effort to minimize the impact on earnings of foreign currency rate movements. see the "results of operations" section above for discussion of the foreign exchange impact on net sales in each operating segment.
the assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiaries are translated into u.s. dollars at year-end exchange rates with resulting translation gains and losses accumulated in a separate component of shareholders' equity. income and expense items are translated into u.s. dollars at average rates of exchange prevailing during the year.
prior to the deconsolidation of the company's venezuelan operations, which was effective december 31, 2015, the functional currency for cp venezuela was the u.s. dollar since venezuela was designated as hyper-inflationary, and venezuelan currency fluctuations were reported in income. the local currency-denominated non-monetary assets of the venezuelan operations, including inventories and property, plant and equipment were remeasured at their historical exchange rates, while local currency-denominated monetary assets and liabilities were remeasured at period-end exchange rates. remeasurement adjustments for these operations were included in net income attributable to colgate-palmolive company. refer to "executive overview and outlook" above and to note 14, venezuela to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the company's venezuelan operations.
the company primarily utilizes foreign currency contracts, including forward and swap contracts, option contracts, foreign and local currency deposits and local currency borrowings to hedge portions of its exposures relating to foreign currency purchases, assets and liabilities created in the normal course of business and the net investment in certain foreign subsidiaries. the duration of foreign currency contracts generally does not exceed 12 months and the contracts are valued using observable market rates.
interest rate risk the company manages its mix of fixed and floating rate debt against its target with debt issuances and by entering into interest rate swaps in order to mitigate fluctuations in earnings and cash flows that may result from interest rate volatility. the notional amount, interest payment and maturity date of the swaps generally match the principal, interest payment and maturity date of the related debt, and the swaps are valued using observable benchmark rates.
commodity price risk the company is exposed to price volatility related to raw materials used in production, such as resins, pulp, essential oils, tropical oils, tallow, poultry, corn and soybeans. the company manages its raw material exposures through a combination of cost containment measures, ongoing productivity initiatives and the limited use of commodity hedging contracts. futures contracts are used on a limited basis, primarily in the hill's pet nutrition segment, to manage volatility related to anticipated raw material inventory purchases of certain traded commodities.
the company's open commodity derivative contracts, which qualify for cash flow hedge accounting, resulted in net unrealized losses of $0 in december 31, 2016 and 2015. at the end of 2016, an unfavorable 10% change in commodity futures prices would have resulted in a net unrealized loss of $1.
credit risk the company is exposed to the risk of credit loss in the event of nonperformance by counterparties to financial instrument contracts; however, nonperformance is considered unlikely and any nonperformance is unlikely to be material as it is the company's policy to contract with diverse, credit-worthy counterparties based upon both strong credit ratings and other credit considerations.
recent accounting pronouncements on october 24, 2016, the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") issued accounting standards update ("asu") no. 2016-16, "income taxes (topic 740): intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory," which eliminates the requirement to defer recognition of income taxes on intra-entity transfers until the asset is sold to an outside party. the new guidance requires the recognition of current and deferred income taxes on intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory, such as intellectual property and property, plant and equipment, when the transfer occurs. the guidance is effective for the company on january 1, 2018 and early adoption is permitted. the standard requires a "modified retrospective" adoption, meaning the standard is applied through a cumulative adjustment in retained earnings as of the beginning of the period of adoption. this new guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the company's consolidated financial statements.
on august 26, 2016, the fasb issued asu no. 2016-15, "statement of cash flows (topic 230): classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments," which clarifies how certain cash receipts and payments are to be presented in the statement of cash flows. the guidance is effective for the company on january 1, 2018 and early adoption is permitted. this new guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the company's consolidated financial statements.
on march 30, 2016, the fasb issued asu no. 2016-09, "compensation-stock compensation (topic 718): improvements to employee share-based payment accounting," which amends accounting for income taxes related to share-based compensation, the related classification in the statement of cash flows and share award forfeiture accounting. this guidance requires recognition of excess tax benefits and deficiencies (resulting from an increase or decrease in the fair value of an award from grant date to the vesting or exercise date) in the provision for income taxes as a discrete item in the quarterly period in which they occur. currently, excess tax benefits are recognized in equity. in addition, these amounts will be classified as an operating activity in the statement of cash flows instead of as a financing activity.
for the years 2014 to 2016, the company recognized excess tax benefits in equity in the range of $55 to $63 per year. these amounts may not necessarily be indicative of future amounts that may be recognized subsequent to the adoption of this new standard, as any excess tax benefits recognized would be dependent on future stock prices, employee exercise behavior and applicable tax rates. the new guidance was effective for the company beginning on january 1, 2017.
on march 15, 2016, the fasb issued asu no. 2016-07, "investments-equity method and joint ventures (topic 323): simplifying the transition to the equity method of accounting," which eliminates the requirement to retroactively adjust an investment that subsequently qualifies for equity method accounting (as a result of an increase in level of ownership interest or degree of influence) as if the equity method of accounting had been applied during all prior periods that the investment was held. the new standard requires that the investor add the cost of acquiring additional ownership interest in the investee to its current basis and prospectively adopt the equity method of accounting. any unrealized gains or losses in an available-for-sale investment that subsequently qualifies as an equity method investment should be recognized in earnings at the date the investment qualifies as an equity method investment. the new guidance was effective for the company beginning on january 1, 2017. this new guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the company's consolidated financial statements.
on february 25, 2016, the fasb issued its final standard on lease accounting, asu no. 2016-02, "leases (topic 842)," which supersedes topic 840, "leases." the new accounting standard requires the recognition of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for all long-term leases, including operating leases, on the balance sheet. the new standard also provides additional guidance on the measurement of the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities and will require enhanced disclosures about the company's leasing arrangements. under current accounting standards, substantially all of the company's leases are considered operating leases and, as such, are not recognized on the consolidated balance sheet. this new standard is effective for the company beginning on january 1, 2019, with early adoption permitted. the standard requires a "modified retrospective" adoption, meaning the standard is applied to leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements. the company is currently assessing the impact of the new standard on its consolidated financial statements.
on january 5, 2016, the fasb issued asu no. 2016-01, "financial instruments-overall (subtopic 825-10): recognition and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities." the updated guidance enhances the reporting model for financial instruments, which includes amendments to address aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure. the amendment to the standard is effective for the company beginning on january 1, 2018. while the company is currently assessing the impact of the new standard, it does not expect this new guidance to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.
on november 20, 2015, the fasb issued asu no. 2015-17, "income taxes (topic 740): balance sheet classification of deferred taxes," which simplifies the presentation of deferred income taxes. under the new accounting standard, deferred tax assets and liabilities are required to be classified as noncurrent, eliminating the prior requirement to separate deferred tax assets and liabilities into current and noncurrent. as permitted, the company early-adopted the new standard on march 31, 2016, on a prospective basis, and did not retrospectively adjust prior periods.
on july 22, 2015, the fasb issued asu no. 2015-11, "inventory (topic 330): simplifying the measurement of inventory," which simplifies the subsequent measurement of inventories by replacing the lower of cost or market test with a lower of cost and net realizable value test. the guidance applies only to inventories for which cost is determined by methods other than last-in, first-out ("lifo") and the retail inventory method. the new guidance was effective for the company beginning on january 1, 2017. this new guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the company's consolidated financial statements.
on may 28, 2014, the fasb and the international accounting standards board issued their final converged standard on revenue recognition. the standard, issued as asu no. 2014-09, "revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606)" by the fasb, provides a single, comprehensive revenue recognition model for all contracts with customers and supersedes current revenue recognition guidance. the revenue standard contains principles that an entity will apply to determine the measurement of revenue and timing of when it is recognized. the underlying principle is that an entity will recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers at an amount that the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. the new standard also includes enhanced disclosures which are significantly more comprehensive than those in existing revenue standards. this new guidance is effective for the company beginning on january 1, 2018. during 2016, the fasb issued several accounting updates (asu no. 2016-08, 2016-10 and 2016-12) to clarify implementation guidance and correct unintended application of the guidance. the standard allows for either "full retrospective" adoption, meaning the standard is applied to all of the periods presented, or "modified retrospective" adoption, meaning the standard is applied only to the most current period presented in the financial statements. the company continues to make progress in its implementation and assessment of the new standard and while the completion of this assessment is still ongoing, based on the progress to date, the company does not expect the new standard will have a material impact on its revenue recognition accounting policy or its consolidated financial statements.
critical accounting policies and use of estimates the preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america requires management to use judgment and make estimates. the level of uncertainty in estimates and assumptions increases with the length of time until the underlying transactions are completed. actual results could ultimately differ from those estimates. the accounting policies that are most critical in the preparation of the company's consolidated financial statements are those that are both important to the presentation of the consolidated financial statements and require significant or complex judgments and estimates on the part of management. the company's critical accounting policies are reviewed periodically with the audit committee of the board of directors.
in certain instances, accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america allow for the selection of alternative accounting methods. the company's significant policies that involve the selection of alternative methods are accounting for shipping and handling costs and inventories.
▪   shipping and handling costs may be reported as either a component of cost of sales or selling, general and administrative expenses. the company reports such costs, primarily related to warehousing and outbound freight, in the consolidated statements of income as a component of selling, general and administrative expenses. accordingly, the company's gross profit margin is not comparable with the gross profit margin of those companies that include shipping and handling charges in cost of sales. if such costs had been included in cost of sales, gross profit margin would have decreased by 750 bps, from 60.0% to 52.5% in 2016 and decreased by 770 bps in 2015 and 2014, respectively, with no impact on reported earnings.
the areas of accounting that involve significant or complex judgments and estimates are pensions and other retiree benefit cost assumptions, stock-based compensation, asset impairments, uncertain tax positions, tax valuation allowances, legal and other contingency reserves and, prior to the deconsolidation of the company's venezuelan operations, the selection of the exchange rate used to remeasure the financial statements of cp venezuela.
▪   in pension accounting, the most significant actuarial assumptions are the discount rate and the long-term rate of return on plan assets. the discount rate used to measure the benefit obligation for u.s. defined benefit plans was 4.27%, 4.93% and 4.24% as of december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. the discount rate used to measure the benefit obligation for other u.s. postretirement plans was 4.41%, 4.97% and 4.36% as of december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. discount rates used for the u.s. and international defined benefit and other postretirement plans are based on a yield curve constructed from a portfolio of high-quality bonds whose projected cash flows approximate the projected benefit payments of the plans. the assumed long-term rate of return on plan assets for u.s. plans was 6.80% as of december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014. in determining the long-term rate of return, the company considers the nature of the plans' investments and the historical rate of return.
average annual rates of return for the u.s. plans for the most recent 1-year, 5-year, 10-year, 15-year and 25-year periods were 6%, 8%, 5%, 6% and 8%, respectively. in addition, the current assumed rate of return for the u.s. plans is based upon the nature of the plans' investments with a target asset allocation of approximately 53% in fixed income securities, 27% in equity securities and 20% in real estate and other investments. a 1% change in the assumed rate of return on plan assets of the u.s. pension plans would impact future net income attributable to colgate-palmolive company by approximately $10. a 1% change in the discount rate for the u.s. pension plans would impact future net income attributable to colgate-palmolive company by approximately $2. a third assumption is the long-term rate of compensation increase, a change in which would partially offset the impact of a change in either the discount rate or the long-term rate of return. this rate was 3.50% as of december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014. refer to note 10, retirement plans and other retiree benefits to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the company's pension and other postretirement plans.
▪   the assumption requiring the most judgment in accounting for other postretirement benefits is the medical cost trend rate. the company reviews external data and its own historical trends for health care costs to determine the medical cost trend rate. the assumed rate of increase for the u.s. postretirement benefit plans is 6.33% for 2017, declining to 4.75% by 2022 and remaining at 4.75% for the years thereafter. the effect on the total of service and interest cost components of a 1% increase in the assumed long-term medical cost trend rate would decrease net income attributable to colgate-palmolive company by $6.
▪   the company recognizes the cost of employee services received in exchange for awards of equity instruments, such as stock options and restricted stock units, based on the fair value of those awards at the date of grant. the company uses the black-scholes-merton ("black-scholes") option pricing model to determine the fair value of stock option awards. the weighted-average estimated fair value of each stock option award granted in the year ended december 31, 2016 was $8.10. the black-scholes model uses various assumptions to determine the fair value of stock option awards. these assumptions include the expected term of stock option awards, expected volatility rate, risk-free interest rate and expected dividend yield. while these assumptions do not require significant judgment, as the significant inputs are determined from historical experience or independent third-party sources, changes in these inputs could result in significant changes in the fair value of stock option awards. a one-year change in expected term would result in a change in fair value of approximately 7%. a 1% change in volatility would change fair value by approximately 7%.
▪   goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets, such as the company's global brands, are subject to impairment tests at least annually. the company performs either a quantitative or qualitative assessment to determine the fair value of its reporting units for goodwill and fair value of its indefinite life intangible assets. the asset impairment analysis is generally performed using an income method, which requires several estimates, including future cash flows consistent with management's strategic plans, sales growth rates, foreign exchange rates and the selection of a discount rate. for the company's goodwill impairment analysis, fair value is also determined using the market approach, which is generally derived from metrics of comparable publicly traded companies. when multiple valuation methodologies are used, the results are weighted appropriately. qualitative factors, in addition to those quantitative measures discussed above, include assessments of general macroeconomic conditions, industry-specific considerations and historical financial performance.
the estimated fair value of the company's intangible assets substantially exceeds the recorded carrying value, except for the intangible assets acquired in the sanex acquisition in 2011, which were recorded at fair value. the estimated fair value of the company's reporting units also substantially exceeds the recorded carrying value. therefore, it is not reasonably likely that significant changes in these estimates would occur that would result in an impairment charge related to these assets. asset impairment analysis related to certain fixed assets in connection with the 2012 restructuring program requires management's best estimate of net realizable values.
▪   the recognition and measurement of uncertain tax positions involves consideration of the amounts and probabilities of various outcomes that could be realized upon ultimate resolution.
▪   legal and other contingency reserves are based on management's assessment of the risk of potential loss, which includes consultation with outside legal counsel and other advisors. such assessments are reviewed each period and revised based on current facts and circumstances, if necessary. while it is possible that the company's cash flows and results of operations in a particular quarter or year could be materially affected by the impact of such contingencies, based on current knowledge it is the opinion of management that these matters will not have a material effect on the company's financial position, or its ongoing results of operations or cash flows. refer to note 13, commitments and contingencies to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the company's contingencies.
▪   prior to the deconsolidation of the company's venezuelan operations, the selection of the exchange rate used to remeasure the financial statements of cp venezuela required careful consideration by management given the various currency exchange mechanisms that exist in venezuela. although access to u.s. dollars in venezuela had been challenging, because the majority of the products in cp venezuela's portfolio were designated as "essential" by the venezuelan government, historically cp venezuela's access to u.s. dollars at the official rate of 6.30 bolivares per dollar was generally sufficient to settle most of its u.s. dollar obligations for imported materials. however, the company believed this rate was not applicable to foreign investments and could not be used to pay dividends. the company also gave consideration to using the simadi rate to remeasure the financial statements of cp venezuela; however, cp venezuela did not participate in the simadi market through december 31, 2015 and had no intention to do so. as a result, the company remeasured the financial statements of cp venezuela at the rate at which it believed was applicable for the remittance of future dividends which, based on the advice of legal counsel, was the sicad rate.
the company generates revenue through the sale of well-known consumer products to trade customers under established trading terms. while the recognition of revenue and receivables requires the use of estimates, there is a short time frame (typically less than 60 days) between the shipment of product and cash receipt, thereby reducing the level of uncertainty in these estimates. refer to note 2, summary of significant accounting policies to the consolidated financial statements for further description of the company's significant accounting policies.
cautionary statement on forward-looking statements this annual report on form 10-k may contain forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 or by the securities and exchange commission in its rules, regulations and releases. such statements may relate, for example, to sales or volume growth, organic sales growth, profit or profit margin growth, earnings growth, financial goals, the impact of foreign exchange volatility, cost-reduction plans including the 2012 restructuring program, tax rates, the need to repatriate undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries, new product introductions, commercial investment levels, acquisitions and divestitures, or legal or tax proceedings, among other matters. these statements are made on the basis of the company's views and assumptions as of this time and the company undertakes no obligation to update these statements, except as required by law. moreover, the company does not, nor does any other person, assume responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of those statements. the company cautions investors that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that actual events or results may differ materially from those statements. actual events or results may differ materially because of factors that affect international businesses and global economic conditions, as well as matters specific to the company and the markets it serves, including the uncertain economic environment in different countries and its effect on consumer spending habits, increased competition and evolving competitive practices, currency rate fluctuations, exchange controls, price or profit controls, labor relations, changes in foreign or domestic laws or regulations or their interpretation, political and fiscal developments, including changes in trade, tax and immigration policies, the availability and cost of raw and packaging materials, the ability to maintain or increase selling prices as needed, the ability to implement the 2012 restructuring program as planned or differences between the actual and the estimated costs or savings under such program, changes in the policies of retail trade customers, the ability to continue lowering costs, the ability to complete acquisitions and divestitures as planned and the uncertainty of the outcome of legal proceedings, whether or not the company believes they have merit. for information about these and other factors that could impact the company's business and cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements, refer to part i, item 1a "risk factors."