item 1a.    risk factors for purposes of this section, the term "stockholders" means the holders of shares of digital realty trust, inc.'s common stock and preferred stock. set forth below are the risks that we believe are material to digital realty trust, inc.'s stockholders and digital realty trust, l.p.'s unitholders. you should carefully consider the following factors in evaluating our company, our properties and our business. the occurrence of any of the following risks might cause digital realty trust, inc.'s stockholders and digital realty trust, l.p.'s unitholders to lose all or a part of their investment. some statements in this report, including statements in the following risk factors, constitute forward-looking statements. please refer to the section entitled "forward-looking statements" starting on page 32.
risks related to our business and operations global economic conditions could adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition.
general economic conditions and the cost and availability of capital may be adversely affected in some or all of the metropolitan areas in which we own properties and conduct our operations. instability in the u.s., european and other international financial markets and economies may adversely affect our ability, and the ability of our tenants, to replace or renew maturing liabilities on a timely basis, access the capital markets to meet liquidity and capital expenditure requirements and may result in adverse effects on our, and our tenants', businesses, financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, our access to funds under our global revolving credit facility depends on the ability of the lenders that are parties to such facilities to meet their funding commitments to us. we cannot assure you that long-term disruptions in the global economy and tighter credit conditions among, and potential failures or nationalizations of, third party financial institutions as a result of such disruptions will not have an adverse effect on our lenders. if our lenders are not able to meet their funding commitments to us, our business, results of operation, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected.
if we do not have sufficient cash flow to continue operating our business and are unable to borrow additional funds, access our existing lines of credit or raise equity or debt capital, we may need to find alternative ways to increase our liquidity. such alternatives may include, without limitation, curtailing development activity, disposing of one or more of our properties possibly on disadvantageous terms or entering into or renewing leases on less favorable terms than we otherwise would.
our portfolio of properties consists primarily of technology-related real estate and data center real estate in particular. a decrease in the demand for data center space, internet gateway facilities or other technology-related real estate would have a greater adverse effect on our business and financial condition than if we owned a portfolio with a more diversified tenant base or less specialized use. our substantial development activities make us particularly susceptible to general economic slowdowns, including recessions, as well as adverse developments in the data center, internet and data communications and broader technology industries. any such slowdown or adverse development could lead to reduced corporate it spending or reduced demand for data center space. reduced demand could also result from business relocations, including to metropolitan areas that we do not currently serve. changes in industry practice or in technology, such as virtualization technology, more efficient or miniaturization of computing or networking devices, or devices that require higher power densities than today's devices, could also reduce demand for the physical data center space we provide or make the tenant improvements in our facilities obsolete or in need of significant upgrades to remain viable. in addition, the development of new technologies, the adoption of new industry standards or other factors could render many of our tenants' current products and services obsolete or unmarketable and contribute to a downturn in their businesses, thereby increasing the likelihood that they default under their leases, become insolvent or file for bankruptcy.
at december 31, 2016, we owned approximately 2.0 million square feet of space under active development and approximately 1.1 million square feet of space held for future development. we intend to continue to add new space to our development inventory and to continue to develop additional space from this inventory. a portion of the space that we develop has been, and may continue to be, developed on a speculative basis, meaning that we do not have a signed lease for the space when we begin the development process. we also develop space specifically for tenants pursuant to leases signed prior to beginning the development process. in those cases, if we fail to meet our development obligations under those leases, these tenants may be able to terminate the leases and we would be required to find a new tenant for this space. in addition, in certain circumstances we lease data center facilities prior to their completion. if we fail to complete the facilities in a timely manner, the tenant may be entitled to terminate its lease, seek damages or penalties against us or pursue other remedies and we may be required to find a new tenant for the space. we cannot assure you that once we have developed space or land we will be able to successfully lease it at all, or at rates we consider favorable or expected at the time we commenced development. if we are not able to complete development in a timely manner or successfully lease the space that we develop, if development costs are higher than we currently estimate, or if lease rates are lower than expected when we began the project or are otherwise undesirable, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, cash available for distribution and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations could be materially adversely affected.
in addition, as of december 31, 2016, leases representing 16.4% of the square footage of the properties in our portfolio, excluding space held for development, were scheduled to expire through 2018, and an additional 11.3% of the net rentable square footage, excluding space held for development, was available to be leased. some of this space may require substantial capital investment to meet the power and cooling requirements of our customers, or may no longer be suitable for their needs. in addition, we cannot assure you that leases will be renewed or that our properties will be re-leased at all, or at net effective rental rates equal to or above the current average net effective rental rates. if the rental rates for our properties decrease, our existing tenants do not renew their leases, we do not lease or re-lease our available space, including newly developed space and space for which leases are scheduled to expire, or it takes longer for us to lease or re-lease this space or for rents to commence on this space, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, cash available for distribution and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations could be materially adversely affected.
additionally, leasing space in one of our data centers typically involves a significant commitment of resources and due diligence on the part of our customers regarding the adequacy of our facilities. as a result, the leasing of data center space can have a long sales cycle, and we may expend significant time and resources in pursuing a particular transaction that may not result in revenue. our inability to adequately manage the risks associated with the sales cycle may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our growth depends on external sources of capital which are outside of our control.
in order for digital realty trust, inc. to maintain its qualification as a reit, it is required under the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended, which we refer to as the code, to annually distribute at least 90% of its net taxable income determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding any net capital gain. in addition, digital realty trust, inc. will be subject to income tax at regular corporate rates to the extent that it distributes less than 100% of its net taxable income, including any net capital gains. digital realty trust, l.p. is required to make distributions to digital realty trust, inc. that will enable the latter to satisfy this distribution requirement and avoid income and excise tax liability. because of these distribution requirements, we may not be able to fund future capital needs, including any necessary acquisition or development financing, from operating cash flow. consequently, we rely on third-party sources to fund our capital needs.
our access to third-party sources of capital depends on a number of factors, including general market conditions, the market's perception of our business prospects and growth potential, our current and expected future earnings, funds from operations, our cash flow and cash distributions, and the market price per share of digital realty trust, inc.'s common stock. we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain equity or debt financing at all or on terms favorable or acceptable to us. any additional debt we incur will increase our leverage. further, equity markets have experienced high volatility recently and we cannot assure you that we will be able to raise capital through the sale of equity securities at all or on favorable terms. sales of equity on unfavorable terms could result in substantial dilution to digital realty trust, inc.'s common stockholders and digital realty trust, l.p.'s unitholders. in addition, we may be forced to dispose of one or more of our properties, possibly on disadvantageous terms.
if we cannot obtain capital from third-party sources, we may not be able to acquire or develop properties when strategic opportunities exist, satisfy our debt service obligations, pay cash dividends to digital realty trust, inc.'s stockholders or make distributions to digital realty trust, l.p.'s unitholders.
index to financial statements declining real estate valuations and impairment charges could adversely affect our earnings and financial condition.
we review each of our properties for indicators that its carrying amount may not be recoverable. examples of such indicators may include a significant decrease in the market price, a significant adverse change in how the property is being used or expected to be used based on the underwriting at the time of acquisition, an accumulation of costs significantly in excess of the amount originally expected for the acquisition or development, a change in our intended holding period due to our intention to sell an asset, or a history of operating or cash flow losses. when such impairment indicators exist, we review an estimate of the future undiscounted net cash flows (excluding interest charges) expected to result from the real estate investment's use and eventual disposition and compare it to the carrying value of the property. we consider factors such as future operating income, trends and prospects, as well as the effects of leasing demand, competition and other factors. if our future undiscounted net cash flow evaluation indicates that we are unable to recover the carrying value of a real estate investment, an impairment loss is recorded to the extent that the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value of the property. these losses have a direct impact on our net income because recording an impairment loss results in an immediate negative adjustment to net income. the evaluation of anticipated cash flows is highly subjective and is based in part on assumptions regarding future occupancy, rental rates and capital requirements that could differ materially from actual results in future periods. a worsening real estate market may cause us to reevaluate the assumptions used in our impairment analysis. impairment charges could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution.
as of december 31, 2016, the 20 largest tenants in our property portfolio represented approximately 43% of the total annualized rent generated by our properties. our largest tenants by annualized rent are subsidiaries of ibm, centurylink, inc. (savvis/qwest), and equinix operating company, inc. in july 2013, ibm acquired softlayer technologies, inc. including space leased by softlayer, ibm leased approximately 957,000 square feet of net rentable space as of december 31, 2016, representing approximately 7.8% of the total annualized rent generated by our properties. in 2011, centurylink, inc. acquired savvis communications corporation, or savvis, and qwest communications international, inc., or qwest, which are our direct tenants. savvis and qwest are now wholly-owned subsidiaries of centurylink, inc. centurylink, inc. (savvis/qwest) leased approximately 2.3 million square feet of net rentable space as of december 31, 2016, representing approximately 5.7% of the total annualized rent generated by our properties. in addition, 49 of our 145 operating properties are occupied by single tenants, including properties occupied solely by ibm and centurylink, inc. (savvis/qwest). in november 2016, centurylink, inc. announced its entry into a definitive agreement to divest its data centers and colocation business. although we are assessing the situation at this time we cannot estimate what impact, if any, that this transaction may have on our business. many factors, including global economic conditions, may cause our tenants to experience a downturn in their businesses or otherwise experience a lack of liquidity, which may weaken their financial condition and result in their failure to make timely rental payments or their default under their leases. if any tenant defaults or fails to make timely rent payments, we may experience delays in enforcing our rights as landlord and may incur substantial costs in protecting our investment, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
our tenants may choose to develop new data centers or expand or consolidate into data centers that we do not own in the future. in the event that any of our key tenants were to do so, it could result in a loss of business to us or put pressure on our pricing. if we lose a tenant, we cannot assure you that we would be able to replace that tenant at a competitive rate or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations.
if any tenant becomes a debtor in a case under the federal bankruptcy code, we cannot evict the tenant solely because of the bankruptcy. in addition, the bankruptcy court might authorize the tenant to reject and terminate its lease with us. our claim against the tenant for unpaid, future rent would be subject to a statutory cap that might be substantially less than the remaining rent actually owed under the lease. in either case, our claim for unpaid rent would likely not be paid in full. our revenue and cash available for distribution could be materially adversely affected if any of our significant tenants were to become bankrupt
index to financial statements or insolvent, or suffer a downturn in its business, or fail to renew its lease or renew on terms less favorable to us than its current terms. as of february 28, 2017, we had no material tenants in bankruptcy.
our contracts with our customers may adversely affect our earnings and financial condition.
in the ordinary course of business, we enter into agreements with our customers pursuant to which our customers lease or license data center space and power from us as well as purchase connectivity products. these contracts typically contain indemnification and liability provisions, in addition to service level commitments, which could potentially impose a significant cost on us in the event of losses arising out of certain breaches of such agreements, services to be provided by us or our subcontractors or from third party claims. customers increasingly are looking to pass through their regulatory obligations and other liabilities to their outsourced data center providers and we may not be able to limit our liability or damages in an event of loss suffered by such customers whether as a result of our breach of agreement or otherwise.  further, liabilities and standards for damages and enforcement actions, including the regulatory framework applicable to different types of losses, vary by jurisdiction, and we may be subject to greater liability for certain losses in certain jurisdictions. additionally, in connection with our acquisitions, we have assumed existing agreements with customers that may subject us to greater liability for such an event of loss. if such an event of loss occurred, we could be liable for material monetary damages and could incur significant legal fees in defending against such an action, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
our portfolio of properties depends upon local economic conditions and is geographically concentrated in certain locations.
our portfolio is located in 33 metropolitan areas. some of these areas have experienced downturns in recent years. we depend upon the local economic conditions in these areas, including local real estate conditions, and our operations, revenue and cash available for distribution could be materially adversely affected by a downturn in local economic conditions in these areas. our operations may also be affected if too many competing properties are built in any of these areas or supply otherwise increases or exceeds demand. we cannot assure you that these locations will grow or will remain favorable to technology-related real estate such as our properties.
as of december 31, 2016, our portfolio, including the 14 properties held as investments in unconsolidated joint ventures, was geographically concentrated in the following metropolitan areas.
metropolitan area          percentage of december 31, 2016 total annualized rent (1)
london, united kingdom                           11.3   %
in addition, we are currently developing properties in certain of these metropolitan areas. any negative changes in real estate, technology or economic conditions in these metropolitan areas in particular could negatively impact our performance.
our growth depends upon the successful development of our existing space and developable land and new properties acquired for development and any delays or unexpected costs in such development may delay and harm our growth prospects, future operating results and financial condition.
at december 31, 2016, we had approximately 2.0 million square feet of space under active development and approximately 1.1 million square feet of space held for future development. we have built and may continue to build out a large portion of this space on a speculative basis at significant cost. our successful development of these projects is subject to many risks, including those associated with:
•   construction site accidents and other casualties;
•   lack of availability and/or increased costs for specialized data center components, including long lead time items such as generators;
•   financing availability, including our ability to obtain construction financing and permanent financing;
•   increases in interest rates or credit spreads;
•   labor availability and costs;
•   labor disputes and work stoppages with contractors, subcontractors or others that are constructing the project;
•   delays or denials of entitlements or permits, including zoning and related permits, or other delays resulting from requirements of public agencies and utility companies.
in addition, while we intend to develop data center properties primarily in metropolitan areas we are familiar with, we may in the future develop properties in new geographic regions where we expect the development of property to result in favorable risk-adjusted returns on our investment. we may not possess the same level of familiarity with the development of properties in other metropolitan areas, which could adversely affect our ability to develop such properties successfully or at all or to achieve expected performance.
development activities, regardless of whether they are ultimately successful, also typically require a substantial portion of our management's time and attention. this may distract our management from focusing on other operational activities of our business. if we are unable to complete development projects successfully, our business may be adversely affected.
we may be unable to identify and complete acquisitions on favorable terms or at all.
we continually evaluate the market of available properties and businesses and may acquire additional real estate when opportunities exist. our ability to acquire properties or businesses on favorable terms may be subject to the following significant risks:
•   we may be unable to acquire a desired property or business because of competition from other real estate investors with significant capital, including both publicly traded reits and institutional investment funds;
•   even if we are able to acquire a desired property or business, competition from other potential acquirors may significantly increase the purchase price or result in other less favorable terms;
•   even if we enter into agreements for the acquisition of real estate or businesses, these agreements are subject to customary conditions to closing, including completion of due diligence investigations to our satisfaction; and
•   we may be unable to finance acquisitions on favorable terms or at all.
additionally, we may acquire properties or businesses subject to liabilities and without any recourse, or with only limited recourse, with respect to unknown or contingent liabilities, such as liabilities for clean-up of undisclosed environmental contamination, claims by tenants, vendors or other persons dealing with the former owners of the properties or businesses, tax liabilities, claims for indemnification by general partners, directors, officers and others indemnified by the former owners of the properties or businesses, and other liabilities whether incurred in the ordinary course of business or otherwise. the total amount of costs and expenses that we may incur with respect to liabilities associated with acquired properties or businesses may exceed our expectations, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
further, we have entered, and may in the future enter, into transactions with limited representations and warranties or with representations and warranties that do not survive the closing of such transactions, in which event we would have no or limited recourse against the sellers of such properties or businesses. while we usually require the sellers to indemnify us with respect to breaches of representations and warranties that survive, such indemnification is often limited and subject to various materiality thresholds, a significant deductible or an aggregate cap on losses. as a result, there is no guarantee that we will recover any amounts with respect to losses due to breaches by the sellers of their representations and warranties. finally, indemnification agreements between us and the sellers typically provide that the sellers will retain certain specified liabilities relating to the properties or businesses acquired by us. while the sellers are generally contractually obligated to pay all losses and other expenses relating to such retained liabilities, there can be no guarantee that such arrangements will not require us to incur losses or other expenses as well.
if we cannot complete property or business acquisitions on favorable terms or at all, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, cash available for distribution and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations could be materially adversely affected.
even if we are able to make acquisitions on advantageous terms, our ability to successfully operate them may be subject to the following significant risks:
•   we may be unable to integrate new acquisitions quickly and efficiently, particularly acquisitions of operating businesses or portfolios of properties, into our existing operations;
•   market conditions may result in higher than expected vacancy rates and lower than expected rental rates on acquired properties.
if we cannot integrate and operate acquired properties or businesses to meet our financial expectations, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, cash available for distribution and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations could be materially adversely affected.
our recent acquisitions may not achieve the intended benefits or may disrupt our plans and operations.
acquisitions present many risks, and we may not realize the financial or strategic goals that were contemplated at the time of the transaction. we acquired telx in october 2015 and a portfolio of european properties in july 2016, which we refer to as the european portfolio. there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully integrate telx or the european portfolio with our business or otherwise realize the expected benefits of these acquisitions. our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of these acquisitions depends, to a large extent, on our ability to integrate telx and the european portfolio with our business. the combination of two independent businesses can be a complex, costly and time-consuming process. our business may be negatively impacted if we are unable to effectively manage our expanded operations. further, the integration process requires significant time and focus from our management team and may divert attention from the day-to-day operations of our business.
index to financial statements the expected synergies from the acquisitions may not be fully realized, which could result in increased costs and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the trading price of our common stock. in addition, the overall integration of the businesses may result in material unanticipated problems, expenses, liabilities, competitive responses and loss of customer relationships, among other potential adverse consequences.
many of these risks are outside of our control and any one of them could result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenue and diversion of our management's time and energy, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. in addition, even if our operations are integrated successfully with the operations of our acquisitions, we may not realize the full benefits of the the acquisitions, including the synergies, operating efficiencies, or sales or growth opportunities that are expected. these benefits may not be achieved within the anticipated time frame or at all. all of these factors could decrease or delay any potential accretive effect of the acquisitions and negatively impact the price of our common stock.
due to the acquisition of telx and the european portfolio, we may be subject to unknown or contingent liabilities for which we may have no or limited recourse against the sellers.
telx and the european portfolio may be subject to unknown or contingent liabilities for which we may have no or limited recourse against the sellers. unknown or contingent liabilities might include liabilities for clean-up or remediation of environmental conditions, claims of customers, vendors or other persons dealing with the acquired entities, tax liabilities and other liabilities whether incurred in the ordinary course of business or otherwise. with respect to the telx acquisition, we have entered into an insurance policy with a syndicate of insurers providing for coverage for breaches of certain representations and warranties contained in the agreement and plan of merger, subject to certain exclusions and a deductible. however, there can be no assurance that we will recover any amounts with respect to losses due to breaches of telx's representations and warranties. in addition, the total amount of costs and expenses that we may incur with respect to liabilities associated with telx or the european portfolio may exceed our expectations, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
a component of our growth strategy is to continue to acquire additional technology-related real estate. to date, a substantial portion of our acquisitions were acquired before they were widely marketed by real estate brokers, or "off-market." properties that are acquired off-market are typically more attractive to us as a purchaser because of the absence of competitive bidding, which could potentially lead to higher prices. we obtain access to off-market deal flow from numerous sources. if we cannot obtain off-market deal flow in the future, our ability to locate and acquire additional properties at attractive prices could be adversely affected.
we have substantial debt and face risks associated with the use of debt to fund our business activities, including refinancing and interest rate risks.
our total consolidated indebtedness at december 31, 2016 was approximately $5.8 billion, and we may incur significant additional debt to finance future acquisition and development activities. as of december 31, 2016, we have a $2.0 billion global revolving credit facility, which has a borrowing limit that we may increase to up to $2.5 billion, subject to receipt of lender commitments and other conditions precedent. at december 31, 2016, approximately $1.8 billion was available under this facility, net of outstanding letters of credit. as of february 27, 2017, we had approximately $1.6 billion available under the refinanced global revolving credit facility, net of outstanding letters of credit.
our substantial indebtedness has important consequences in that it currently requires us to dedicate a significant portion of our cash flow from operations to debt service payments, which reduces the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, expansion efforts, distributions and other general corporate purposes. additionally, it could: make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness; limit our ability in the future to undertake refinancings of our debt or obtain financing for expenditures, acquisitions, development or other general corporate purposes on
index to financial statements terms and conditions acceptable to us, if at all; or affect adversely our ability to compete effectively or operate successfully under adverse economic conditions.
in addition, we may violate restrictive covenants or fail to maintain financial ratios specified in our loan documents, which would entitle the lenders to accelerate our debt obligations, and our secured lenders or mortgagees may foreclose on our properties or our interests in the entities that own the properties that secure their loans and receive an assignment of rents and leases. a foreclosure on one or more of our properties could adversely affect our access to capital, financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and cash available for distribution. further, our default under any one of our loans could result in a cross default on other indebtedness. furthermore, foreclosures could create taxable income without accompanying cash proceeds, a circumstance which could hinder digital realty trust, inc.'s ability to meet the reit distribution requirements imposed by the code.
additional risks related to our indebtedness are described below.
we may be unable to refinance our indebtedness at maturity or the refinancing terms may be less favorable than the terms of our original indebtedness. it is likely that we will need to refinance at least a portion of our outstanding debt as it matures. if we are unable to refinance or extend principal payments due at maturity or pay them with proceeds of other capital transactions, then our cash flow may not be sufficient in all years to repay all such maturing debt and to pay distributions. further, if prevailing interest rates or other factors at the time of refinancing, such as the reluctance of lenders to make commercial real estate loans, result in higher interest rates upon refinancing, then the interest expense relating to that refinanced indebtedness would increase.
fluctuations in interest rates could materially affect our financial results and may increase the risk our counterparty defaults on our interest rate hedges. because a significant portion of our debt, including debt incurred under our global revolving credit facility, bears interest at variable rates, increases in interest rates could materially increase our interest expense. if the united states federal reserve increases short-term interest rates, this would have a significant upward impact on shorter-term interest rates, including the interest rates that our variable rate debt is based upon. potential future increases in interest rates and credit spreads may increase our interest expense and therefore negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations, and reduce our access to capital markets. we have entered into interest rate swap agreements for a significant portion of our floating rate debt other than the debt we incur under our global revolving credit facility. increased interest rates may increase the risk that the counterparties to our swap agreements will default on their obligations, which could further increase our exposure to interest rate fluctuations. conversely, if interest rates are lower than our swapped fixed rates, we will be required to pay more for our debt than we would have had we not entered into the swap agreements.
adverse changes in our company's credit ratings could negatively affect our financing activity. the credit ratings of our senior unsecured long-term debt and digital realty trust, inc.'s preferred stock are based on our company's operating performance, liquidity and leverage ratios, overall financial position and other factors employed by the credit rating agencies in their rating analyses of our company. our company's credit ratings can affect the amount of capital we can access, as well as the terms and pricing of any debt we may incur. we cannot assure you that our company will be able to maintain our current credit ratings, and in the event our current credit ratings are downgraded, we would likely incur higher borrowing costs and may encounter difficulty in obtaining additional financing. also, a downgrade in our company's credit ratings may trigger additional payments or other negative consequences under our current and future credit facilities and debt instruments. for example, if the credit ratings of our senior unsecured long-term debt are downgraded to below investment grade levels, we may not be able to obtain or maintain extensions on certain of our existing debt. adverse changes in our credit ratings could negatively impact our refinancing and other capital market activities, our ability to manage our debt maturities, our future growth, our financial condition, the market price of digital realty trust, inc.'s stock, and our development and acquisition activity.
our global revolving credit facility, term loan facility, 5.875% notes due 2020, 3.400% notes due 2020, 5.250% notes due 2021, 3.950% notes due 2022, 3.625% notes due 2022,4.75% notes due 2023, 2.625% notes due 2024, 4.250% guaranteed notes due 2025, and 4.750% notes due 2025 restrict our ability to engage in some business activities. our global revolving credit facility and term loan facility contain negative covenants and other financial and operating covenants that, among other things:
•   restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness;
•   restrict our ability to make certain investments;
•   restrict our ability to merge with another company;
•   restrict our ability to create, incur or assume liens; and
•   require us to maintain financial coverage ratios, including with respect to unencumbered assets.
in addition, the global revolving credit facility and the term loan facility restrict digital realty trust, inc. from making distributions to its stockholders, or redeeming or otherwise repurchasing shares of its capital stock, after the occurrence and during the continuance of an event of default, except in limited circumstances including as necessary to enable digital realty trust, inc. to maintain its qualification as a reit and to avoid the payment of income or excise tax.
in addition, our 5.875% notes due 2020, or the 5.875% 2020 notes, our 3.400% notes due 2020, or the 3.400% 2020 notes, our 5.250% notes due 2021, or the 2021 notes, our 3.950% notes due 2022, or the 3.950% 2022 notes, our 3.625% notes due 2022, or the 3.625% 2022 notes, our 4.75% notes due 2023, or the 2023 notes, our 2.625% notes due 2024, or the 2024 notes, our 4.250% notes due 2025, or the 4.250% 2025 notes, and our 4.750% notes due 2025, or the 4.750% 2025 notes, are governed by indentures, which contain various restrictive covenants, including limitations on our ability to incur indebtedness and requirements to maintain a pool of unencumbered assets. these restrictions, and the restrictions in our global revolving credit facility and term loan facility, could cause us to default on our 5.875% 2020 notes, 3.400% 2020 notes, 2021 notes, 3.950% 2022 notes, 3.625% 2022 notes, 2023 notes, 2024 notes, 4.250% 2025 notes and 4.750% 2025 notes, global revolving credit facility or term loan facility, as applicable, or negatively affect our operations or our ability to pay dividends to digital realty trust, inc.'s stockholders or distributions to digital realty trust, l.p.'s unitholders, which could have a material adverse effect on the market value of digital realty trust, inc.'s common stock and preferred stock.
failure to hedge effectively against interest rate changes may adversely affect results of operations. we seek to manage our exposure to interest rate volatility by using interest rate hedging arrangements, such as interest rate cap or swap lock agreements. these agreements involve risks, such as the risk that counterparties may fail to honor their obligations under these arrangements, that these arrangements may not be effective in reducing our exposure to interest rate changes and that a court could rule that such an agreement is not legally enforceable. our policy is to use these derivatives only to hedge interest rate risks related to our borrowings, not for speculative or trading purposes, and to enter into contracts only with major financial institutions based on their credit ratings and other factors. however, we may choose to change this policy in the future. approximately 90% of our total indebtedness as of december 31, 2016 was subject to fixed interest rates or variable rates subject to interest rate swaps. we do not currently hedge our global revolving credit facility and as our borrowings under our global revolving credit facility increase, so will our percentage of indebtedness not subject to fixed rates and our exposure to interest rates increase. hedging may reduce the overall returns on our investments. failure to hedge effectively against interest rate changes may materially adversely affect our results of operations.
we have owned or managed certain of our properties for a limited time.
we have significantly and rapidly expanded the size of our company. our growth may significantly strain our management, operational and financial resources and systems. in addition, as a reporting company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934 and the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002, or the sarbanes-oxley act. the requirements of these rules and regulations will increase our accounting, legal and financial compliance costs and may strain our management and financial, legal and operational resources and systems. an inability to manage our growth effectively or the increased strain on our management of our resources and systems could result in deficiencies in our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting and could negatively impact financial condition, results of operations and our cash available for distribution.
we currently carry commercial general liability, property, business interruption, including loss of rental income, and other insurance policies to cover insurable risks to our company. we select policy specifications, insured limits and deductibles which we believe to be appropriate and adequate given the relative risk of loss, the cost of the coverage and standard industry practices. our insurance policies contain industry standard exclusions and we do not carry insurance for generally uninsurable perils, such as loss from war or nuclear reaction. although we purchase earthquake insurance, it is subject to high deductibles and a significant portion of our properties is located in seismically active zones such as california, which represents approximately 16% of our portfolio's annualized rent as of december 31, 2016. one catastrophic event, for example, in california, could significantly impact multiple properties, the aggregate deductible amounts could be significant and the limits we purchase could prove to be insufficient, which could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. furthermore, a catastrophic regional event could also severely impact some of our insurers rendering them insolvent or unable to fully pay on claims despite their current financial strength. in addition, we may discontinue purchasing insurance against earthquake, flood or windstorm or other perils on some or all of our properties in the future if the cost of premiums for any of these policies exceeds, in our judgment, the value of the coverage relative to the risk of loss.
in addition, many of our buildings contain extensive and highly valuable technology-related improvements. under the terms of our leases, tenants are obligated to maintain adequate insurance coverage applicable to such improvements and under most circumstances use their insurance proceeds to restore such improvements after a casualty event. in the event of a casualty or other loss involving one of our buildings with extensive installed tenant improvements, our tenants may have the right to terminate their leases if we do not rebuild the base building within prescribed times. in such cases, the proceeds from tenants' insurance will not be available to us to restore the improvements, and our insurance coverage may be insufficient to replicate the technology-related improvements made by such tenants. furthermore, the terms of our mortgage indebtedness at certain of our properties may require us to pay insurance proceeds over to our lenders under certain circumstances, rather than use the proceeds to repair the property. if we or one or more of our tenants experience a loss which is uninsured or which exceeds policy limits, we could lose the capital invested in the damaged properties as well as the anticipated future cash flows from those properties. in addition, if the damaged properties are subject to recourse indebtedness, we would continue to be liable for the indebtedness, even if these properties were irreparably damaged.
we face significant competition, which may decrease or prevent increases of the occupancy and rental rates of our properties.
we compete with numerous data center developers, owners and operators, many of whom own properties similar to ours in some of the same metropolitan areas where our properties are located, including coresite realty corporation, cyrusone inc., dupont fabros technology, inc., equinix, inc., qts realty trust, inc. and various local developers in the u.s., as well as global switch holdings limited and various regional operators in europe, asia and australia. in addition, we may in the future face competition from new entrants into the data center market, including new entrants who may acquire our current competitors. some of our competitors and potential competitors have significant advantages over us, including greater name recognition, longer operating histories, pre-existing relationships with current or potential customers, significantly greater financial, marketing and other resources and more ready access to capital which allow them to respond more quickly to new or changing opportunities. if our competitors offer space that our tenants or potential tenants perceive to be superior to ours based on numerous factors, including available power, security considerations, location, or connectivity, or if they offer rental rates below current market rates, or below the rental rates we are offering, we may lose tenants or potential tenants or be required to incur costs to improve our properties or reduce our rental rates. in addition, recently many of our competitors have developed and continue to develop additional data center space. if the supply of data center space continues to increase as a result of these activities or otherwise, rental rates may be reduced or we may face delays in leasing or be unable to lease our vacant space, including space that we develop.
further, if tenants or potential tenants desire services that we do not offer, we may not be able to lease our space to those tenants. our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, cash available for distribution and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations could be materially adversely affected as a result of any or all of these factors.
joint venture investments could be adversely affected by our lack of sole decision-making authority, our reliance on co-venturers' financial condition and disputes between us and our co-venturers.
we currently, and may in the future, co-invest with third parties through partnerships, joint ventures or other entities, acquiring non-controlling interests in or sharing responsibility for managing the affairs of a property, partnership, joint venture or other entity. in these events, we are not in a position to exercise sole decision-making authority regarding the property, partnership, joint venture or other entity. investments in partnerships, joint ventures, or other entities may, under certain
index to financial statements circumstances, involve risks not present when a third party is not involved, including the possibility that partners or co-venturers might become bankrupt or fail to fund their share of required capital contributions. partners or co-venturers may have economic, tax or other business interests or goals which are inconsistent with our business interests or goals, and may be in a position to take actions contrary to our policies or objectives. our joint venture partners may take actions that are not within our control, which would require us to dispose of the joint venture asset or transfer it to a taxable reit subsidiary in order for digital realty trust, inc. to maintain its status as a reit. such investments may also lead to impasses, for example, as to whether to sell a property, because neither we nor the partner or co-venturer would have full control over the partnership or joint venture. disputes between us and partners or co-venturers may result in litigation or arbitration that would increase our expenses and prevent our officers and/or directors from focusing their time and effort on our day-to-day business. consequently, actions by or disputes with partners or co-venturers may subject properties owned by the partnership or joint venture to additional risk. in addition, we may in certain circumstances be liable for the actions of our third-party partners or co-venturers. each of these factors may result in returns on these investments being less than we expect or in losses and our financial and operating results may be adversely affected.
we depend on the efforts of key personnel of our company, particularly a. william stein, digital realty trust, inc.'s chief executive officer, andrew p. power, digital realty trust, inc.'s chief financial officer, jarrett appleby, digital realty trust, inc.'s chief operating officer and scott peterson, digital realty trust, inc.'s chief investment officer. they are important to our success for many reasons, including that each has a national or regional reputation in our industry and the investment community that attracts investors and business and investment opportunities and assists us in negotiations with investors, lenders, existing and potential tenants and industry personnel. if we lost their services, our business and investment opportunities and our relationships with lenders and other capital markets participants, existing and prospective tenants and industry personnel could suffer. many of our company's other senior employees also have strong technology, finance and real estate industry reputations. as a result, we have greater access to potential acquisitions, financing, leasing and other opportunities, and are better able to negotiate with tenants. as the number of our competitors increases, it becomes more likely that a competitor would attempt to hire certain of these individuals away from our company. the loss of any of these key personnel would result in the loss of these and other benefits and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations.
our properties may not be suitable for leasing to data center or traditional technology office tenants without significant expenditures or renovations.
because many of our properties contain tenant improvements installed at our tenants' expense, they may be better suited for a specific data center user or technology industry tenant and could require significant modification in order for us to re-lease vacant space to another data center user or technology industry tenant. the tenant improvements may also become outdated or obsolete as the result of technological change, the passage of time or other factors. in addition, our development space will generally require substantial improvement to be suitable for data center use. for the same reason, our properties also may not be suitable for leasing to traditional office tenants without significant expenditures or renovations. as a result, we may be required to invest significant amounts or offer significant discounts to tenants in order to lease or re-lease that space, either of which could adversely affect our financial and operating results.
our data center infrastructure may become obsolete due to the development of new systems to deliver power to or eliminate heat in our data center facilities. additionally, our data center infrastructure could become obsolete as a result of the development of new server technology that does not require the levels of critical load and heat removal that our facilities are designed to provide and could be run less expensively on a different platform. in addition, our power and cooling systems are difficult and expensive to upgrade. accordingly, we may not be able to efficiently upgrade or change these systems to meet new demands without incurring significant costs that we may not be able to pass on to our customers which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
ownership of properties located outside of the united states subjects us to foreign currency and related risks which may adversely impact our ability to make distributions.
we owned 41 properties located outside of the united states at december 31, 2016. in addition, we are currently considering, and will in the future consider, additional international acquisitions.
index to financial statements the ownership of properties located outside of the united states subjects us to risk from fluctuations in exchange rates between foreign currencies and the u.s. dollar. we expect that our principal foreign currency exposure will be to the british pound, the euro and the singapore dollar. changes in the relation of these currencies to the u.s. dollar will affect our revenues and operating margins, may materially adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, cash available for distribution and ability to satisfy our debt obligations.
we may attempt to mitigate some or all of the risk of currency fluctuation by financing our properties in the local currency denominations, although we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so or that this will be effective. we may also engage in direct hedging activities to mitigate the risks of exchange rate fluctuations in a manner consistent with our qualifications as a reit, although we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so or that this will be effective.
our international activities are subject to unique risks different than those faced by us in the united states and we may not be able to effectively manage our international business.
we have acquired and developed, and may continue to acquire and develop, properties outside the united states. our foreign operations involve risks not generally associated with investments in the united states, including:
•   our limited knowledge of and relationships with sellers, tenants, contractors, suppliers or other parties in these metropolitan areas;
•   complexity and costs associated with managing international development and operations;
•   multiple, conflicting and changing legal, regulatory, entitlement and permitting, and tax and treaty environments;
•   currency transfer restrictions and limitations on our ability to distribute cash earned in foreign jurisdictions to the united states;
•   difficulty in enforcing agreements in non-u.s. jurisdictions, including those entered into in connection with our acquisitions or in the event of a default by one or more of our tenants, suppliers or contractors;
•   political and economic instability, including sovereign credit risk, in certain geographic regions.
our inability to overcome these risks could adversely affect our foreign operations and could harm our business and results of operations.
we face risks with our international acquisitions associated with investing in unfamiliar metropolitan areas.
we have acquired and may continue to acquire properties on a strategic and selective basis in international metropolitan areas that are new to us. when we acquire properties located in these metropolitan areas, we may face risks associated with a lack of market knowledge or understanding of the local economy and culture, forging new business relationships in the area and unfamiliarity with local government and permitting procedures. in addition, due diligence, transaction and structuring costs may be higher than those we may face in the united states. we work to mitigate such risks through extensive diligence and research and associations with experienced partners; however, we cannot assure you that all such risks will be eliminated.
the results of the united kingdom's referendum on withdrawal from the european union may have a negative effect on global economic conditions, financial markets and our business, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
we are a global company with worldwide operations, including material business operations in europe. in june 2016, a majority of voters in the united kingdom elected to withdraw from the european union in a national referendum. the referendum was advisory, and the terms of any withdrawal are subject to a negotiation period that could last at least two years after the government of the united kingdom formally initiates a withdrawal process. nevertheless, the referendum has created significant uncertainty about the future relationship between the united kingdom and the european union, and has given rise to calls for the governments of other european union member states to consider withdrawal.
these developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and could significantly reduce global
index to financial statements market liquidity and restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets. asset valuations, currency exchange rates and credit ratings may be especially subject to increased market volatility. lack of clarity about future united kingdom laws and regulations as the united kingdom determines which european union laws to replace or replicate in the event of a withdrawal could depress economic activity and restrict our access to capital in the united kingdom. if the united kingdom and the european union are unable to negotiate acceptable withdrawal terms or if other european union member states pursue withdrawal, barrier-free access between the united kingdom and other european union member states or among the european economic area overall could be diminished or eliminated. any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
future consolidation in the technology industry could materially adversely affect our revenues by eliminating some of our potential tenants and could make us more dependent on a more limited number of tenants.
mergers or consolidations of technology companies in the future could reduce the number of our tenants and potential tenants. if our tenants merge with or are acquired by other entities that are not our tenants, they may discontinue or reduce the use of our data centers in the future. any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations.
we depend on third parties to provide network connectivity to the tenants in our data centers and any delays or disruptions in connectivity may materially adversely affect our operating results and cash flow.
we are not a telecommunications carrier. although our tenants generally are responsible for providing their own network connectivity, we still depend upon the presence of telecommunications carriers' fiber networks serving the locations of our data centers in order to attract and retain tenants. we believe that the availability of carrier capacity will directly affect our ability to achieve our projected results. any carrier may elect not to offer its services within our data centers. any carrier that has decided to provide network connectivity to our data centers may not continue to do so for any period of time. further, some carriers are experiencing business difficulties or have announced consolidations. as a result, some carriers may be forced to downsize or terminate connectivity within our data centers, which could have an adverse effect on the business of our tenants and, in turn, our own operating results.
our new data centers require construction and operation of a sophisticated redundant fiber network. the construction required to connect multiple carrier facilities to our data centers is complex and involves factors outside of our control, including regulatory requirements and the availability of construction resources. we have started to obtain the right to use network resources owned by other companies, including rights to use dark fiber, in order to attract telecommunications carriers and customers to our portfolio. if the establishment of highly diverse network connectivity to our data centers does not occur, is materially delayed or is discontinued, or is subject to failure, our operating results and cash flow may be materially adversely affected. additionally, any hardware or fiber failures on this network may result in significant loss of connectivity to our data centers. this could negatively affect our ability to attract new tenants or retain existing tenants, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our ability to attract, grow and retain a balanced customer base, consisting of a variety of enterprises, including companies, such as financial services companies, and social, mobile, analytics, cloud, digital content and network service providers, some of which we consider to be key magnets drawing in other customers, may affect our ability to maximize our revenues. balanced customer bases within each facility will enable us to better generate significant interconnection revenues, which in turn increases our overall revenues. our ability to attract customers to our data centers will depend on a variety of factors, including our product offerings, the presence of carriers, the overall mix of customers, the presence of key customers attracting business through ecosystems, the data center's operating reliability and security and our ability to effectively market our product offerings. our inability to develop, provide or effectively execute any of these factors may hinder the development, growth and retention of a balanced customer base and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
any failure of our physical infrastructure or services could lead to significant costs and disruptions that could harm our business reputation and could adversely affect our earnings and financial condition.
our business depends on providing customers with highly reliable service, including with respect to power supply, physical security and maintenance of environmental conditions. we may fail to provide such service as a result of numerous factors, including mechanical failure, power outage, human error, physical or electronic security breaches, war, terrorism and
problems at one or more of our data centers, whether or not within our control, could result in service interruptions or equipment damage. substantially all of our customer leases include terms requiring us to meet certain service level commitments to our customers. any failure to meet these or other commitments or any equipment damage in our data centers, including as a result of mechanical failure, power outage, human error or other reasons, could subject us to liability under our lease terms, including service level credits against customer rent payments, monetary damages, or, in certain cases of repeated failures, the right by the customer to terminate the lease. service interruptions, equipment failures or security breaches may also expose us to additional legal liability and monetary damages and damage our brand and reputation, and could cause our customers to terminate or not renew their leases. in addition, we may be unable to attract new customers if we have a reputation for service disruptions, equipment failures or physical or electronic security breaches in our data centers. any such failures could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we rely on third parties to provide power to our data centers, and we cannot ensure that these third parties will deliver such power in adequate quantities or on a consistent basis. if the amount of power available to us is inadequate to support our customer requirements, we may be unable to satisfy our obligations to our customers or grow our business. in addition, our data centers may be susceptible to power shortages and planned or unplanned power outages caused by these shortages. power outages may last beyond our backup and alternative power arrangements, which would harm our customers and our business. any loss of services or equipment damage could adversely affect both our ability to generate revenues and our operating results, and harm our reputation.
in addition, we may be subject to risks and unanticipated costs associated with obtaining power from various utility companies. utilities that serve our data centers may be dependent on, and sensitive to price increases for, a particular type of fuel, such as coal, oil or natural gas. in addition, the price of these fuels and the electricity generated from them could increase as a result of proposed legislative measures related to climate change or efforts to regulate carbon emissions. increases in the cost of power at any of our data centers would put those locations at a competitive disadvantage relative to data centers served by utilities that can provide less expensive power.
even if we have additional space available for lease at any one of our data centers, our ability to lease this space to existing or new customers could be constrained by our ability to provide sufficient electrical power.
as current and future customers increase their power footprint in our facilities over time, the corresponding reduction in available power could limit our ability to increase occupancy rates or network density within our existing facilities. furthermore, at certain of our data centers, our aggregate maximum contractual obligation to provide power and cooling to our customers may exceed the physical capacity at such data centers if customers were to quickly increase their demand for power and cooling. if we are not able to increase the available power and/or cooling or move the customer to another location within our data centers with sufficient power and cooling to meet such demand, we could lose the customer as well as be exposed to liability under our leases. in addition, our power and cooling systems are difficult and expensive to upgrade. accordingly, we may not be able to efficiently upgrade or change these systems to meet new demands without incurring significant costs that we may not be able to pass on to our customers. any such material loss of customers, liability or additional costs could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we may be vulnerable to breaches, or unauthorized access to or disruption, of our physical and information security infrastructure and systems, any of which could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
security breaches, or disruption, of our or our customers' physical or information technology infrastructure, networks and related management systems could result in, among other things, unauthorized access to our facilities, a breach of our and our customers' networks and information technology infrastructure, the misappropriation of our or our customers' or their customers' proprietary or confidential information, interruptions or malfunctions in our or our customers' operations, delays or interruptions to our ability to meet customer needs, breach of our legal, regulatory or contractual obligations, inability to access or rely upon critical business records or other disruptions in our operations. we may be required to expend significant financial resources to protect against or to remediate such security breaches. we may not be able to implement security measures in a timely manner or, if and when implemented, these measures could be circumvented. any breaches that may occur could expose
index to financial statements us to increased risk of lawsuits, material monetary damages, potential violations of applicable privacy and other laws, penalties and fines, loss of existing or potential customers, harm to our reputation and increases in our security and insurance costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
although our customers' computing equipment resides in our buildings, we do not have access to, nor do we have knowledge of, what data is being housed and processed on their equipment. in the event of a breach resulting in loss of data, such as personally identifiable information or other such data protected by data privacy or other laws, we may be liable for damages, fines and penalties for such losses under applicable regulatory frameworks despite not handling the data.  further, the regulatory framework around data custody, data privacy and breaches varies by jurisdiction and is an evolving area of law.  we may not be able to limit our liability or damages in the event of such a loss.
illiquidity of real estate investments could significantly impede our ability to respond to adverse changes in the performance of our properties and harm our financial condition.
because real estate investments are relatively illiquid and because there may be even fewer buyers for our specialized real estate, our ability to promptly sell properties in our portfolio in response to adverse changes in their performance may be limited, which may harm our financial condition. further, digital realty trust, inc. is subject to provisions in the code that limit a reit's ability to dispose of properties, which limitations are not applicable to other types of real estate companies. see "risks related to our organizational structure-tax consequences upon sale or refinancing." while digital realty trust, inc. has exclusive authority under digital realty trust, l.p.'s limited partnership agreement to determine whether, when, and on what terms to sell a property, any such decision would require the approval of digital realty trust, inc.'s board of directors. these limitations may affect our ability to sell properties. this lack of liquidity and the code restrictions may limit our ability to vary our portfolio promptly in response to changes in economic or other conditions and, as a result, could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, cash available for distribution and ability to access capital necessary to meet our debt payments and other obligations.
we could incur significant costs related to government regulation and private litigation over environmental matters, including existing conditions at some of our properties.
under various laws relating to the protection of the environment, a current or previous owner or operator of real estate may be liable for contamination resulting from the presence or discharge of hazardous or toxic substances at a property, and may be required to investigate and clean up such contamination at or emanating from a property. such laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of the contaminants, and the liability may be joint and several. the comprehensive environmental response, compensation, and liability act of 1980, or cercla, established a regulatory and remedial program intended to provide for the investigation and clean-up of facilities where, or from which, a release of any hazardous substance into the environment has occurred or is threatened. cercla's primary mechanism for remedying such problems is to impose strict joint and several liability for clean-up of facilities on current owners and operators of the site, former owners and operators of the site at the time of the disposal of the hazardous substances, any person who arranges for the transportation, disposal or treatment of the hazardous substances, and the transporters who select the disposal and treatment facilities, regardless of the care exercised by such persons. cercla also imposes liability for the cost of evaluating and remedying any damage to natural resources. the costs of cercla investigation and clean-up can be very substantial. cercla also authorizes the imposition of a lien in favor of the united states on all real property subject to, or affected by, a remedial action for all costs for which a party is liable. subject to certain procedural restrictions, cercla gives a responsible party the right to bring a contribution action against other responsible parties for their allocable shares of investigative and remedial costs. our ability to obtain reimbursement from others for their allocable shares of such costs would be limited by our ability to find other responsible parties and prove the extent of their responsibility, their financial resources, and other procedural requirements. various state laws also impose strict joint and several liability for investigation, clean-up and other damages associated with hazardous substance releases.
previous owners used some of our properties for industrial and retail purposes, so those properties may contain some level of environmental contamination. independent environmental consultants have conducted phase i or similar environmental site assessments on all of the properties in our portfolio. site assessments are intended to discover and evaluate information regarding the environmental condition of the surveyed property and surrounding properties. these assessments do not generally include soil samplings, subsurface investigations or an asbestos survey and the assessments may fail to reveal all environmental conditions, liabilities or compliance concerns. in addition, material environmental conditions, liabilities or compliance concerns may have arisen after these reviews were completed or may arise in the future. we could be held jointly and severally liable under cercla and various state laws for the investigation and remediation of environmental contamination caused by
index to financial statements previous owners or operators. fuel storage tanks are present at most of our properties, and if releases were to occur, we may be liable for the costs of cleaning any resulting contamination. the presence of contamination or the failure to remediate contamination at our properties may expose us to third-party liability or materially adversely affect our ability to sell, lease or develop the real estate or to borrow using the real estate as collateral.
in addition, some of our tenants, particularly those in the biotechnology and life sciences industry and those in the technology manufacturing industry, routinely handle hazardous substances and wastes as part of their operations at our properties. environmental laws and regulations subject our tenants, and potentially us, to liability resulting from these activities or from previous industrial or retail uses of those properties. we could be held jointly and severally liable under cercla and various state laws for the investigation and remediation of hazardous substances released by our tenants. environmental liabilities could also affect a tenant's ability to make rental payments to us. we cannot assure you that costs of investigation and remediation of environmental matters will not affect our ability to pay dividends to digital realty trust, inc.'s stockholders and distributions to digital realty trust, l.p.'s unitholders or that such costs or other remedial measures will not have a material adverse effect on our business, assets or results of operations.
some of the properties may contain asbestos-containing building materials. environmental laws require that asbestos-containing building materials be properly managed and maintained, and may impose fines and penalties on building owners or operators for failure to comply with these requirements. these laws may also allow third parties to seek recovery from owners or operators for personal injury associated with exposure to asbestos-containing building materials.
our properties and their uses often require permits from various government agencies, including permits related to zoning and land use, such as permits to operate data center facilities. certain permits from state or local environmental regulatory agencies, including regulators of air quality, are usually required to install and operate diesel-powered generators, which provide emergency back-up power at most of our facilities. these permits often set emissions limits for certain air pollutants, including oxides of nitrogen. in addition, various federal, state, and local environmental, health and safety requirements, such as fire requirements and treated and storm water discharge requirements, apply to some of our properties. changes to applicable regulations, such as air quality regulations, or the permit requirements for equipment at our facilities, could hinder or prevent our construction or operation of data center facilities. also, drought conditions in certain markets have resulted in water usage restrictions and proposals to further restrict water usage.  our data center facilities could face restrictions on water usage, water efficiency mandates, or higher water prices.
the environmental laws and regulations to which our properties are subject may change in the future, and new laws and regulations may be created. future laws, ordinances or regulations may impose additional material environmental liability. such laws include those directly regulating our climate change impacts and those which regulate the climate change impacts of companies with which we do business, such as utilities providing our facilities with electricity. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - factors which may influence future results of operations - climate change legislation." we do not know if or how the requirements will change, but changes may require that we make significant unanticipated expenditures, and such expenditures may materially adversely impact our financial condition, cash flow, results, cash available for distributions, common stock's per share trading price, our competitive position and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations.
our properties may contain or develop harmful mold or suffer from other air quality issues, which could lead to liability for adverse health effects and costs to remedy the problem.
when excessive moisture accumulates in buildings or on building materials, mold may grow, particularly if the moisture problem remains undiscovered or is not addressed over a period of time. some molds may produce airborne toxins or irritants. indoor air quality issues can also stem from inadequate ventilation, chemical contamination from indoor or outdoor sources and other biological contaminants such as pollen, viruses and bacteria. indoor exposure to airborne toxins or irritants above certain levels can be alleged to cause a variety of adverse health effects and symptoms, including allergic or other reactions. as a result, the presence of significant mold or other airborne contaminants at any of our properties could require us to undertake a costly remediation program to contain or remove the mold or other airborne contaminants from the affected property or increase indoor ventilation. in addition, the presence of significant mold or other airborne contaminants could expose us to liability from our tenants, employees of our tenants and others if property damage or health concerns arise.
we may incur significant costs complying with the americans with disabilities act and similar laws.
under the americans with disabilities act of 1990, or the ada, all public accommodations must meet federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. we have not conducted an audit or investigation of all of our
index to financial statements properties to determine our compliance with the ada. if one or more of the properties in our portfolio does not comply with the ada, then we would be required to incur additional costs to bring the property into compliance. additional federal, state and local laws also may require modifications to our properties, or restrict our ability to renovate our properties. we cannot predict the ultimate cost of compliance with the ada or other legislation. if we incur substantial costs to comply with the ada and any other similar legislation or are subject to awards of damages to private litigants, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, cash available for distribution and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations could be materially adversely affected.
we may incur significant costs complying with other regulations.
the properties in our portfolio are subject to various federal, state and local regulations, such as state and local fire and life safety regulations. if we fail to comply with these various regulations, we may have to pay fines or damage awards to private litigants. in addition, we do not know whether existing regulations will change or whether future regulations will require us to make significant unanticipated expenditures that will materially adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, cash available for distribution and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations.
the design and effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting may not prevent all errors, misstatements or misrepresentations. while management will continue to review the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, there can be no guarantee that our internal control over financial reporting will be effective in accomplishing all control objectives all of the time. furthermore, our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting with respect to entities that we do not control or manage may be substantially more limited than those we maintain with respect to the subsidiaries that we have controlled or managed over the course of time. deficiencies, including any material weakness, in our internal control over financial reporting which may occur in the future could result in misstatements of our results of operations, restatements of our financial statements, a decline in digital realty trust, inc.'s stock price, or otherwise materially adversely affect our business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity.
risks related to our organizational structure digital realty trust, inc.'s duty to its stockholders may conflict with the interests of digital realty trust, l.p.'s unitholders.
conflicts of interest may exist or could arise in the future as a result of the relationships between digital realty trust, inc. and its affiliates, on the one hand, and our operating partnership or any partner thereof, on the other. digital realty trust, inc.'s directors and officers have duties to digital realty trust, inc. and its stockholders under maryland law in connection with their management of our company. at the same time, digital realty trust, inc., as general partner, has fiduciary duties under maryland law to our operating partnership and to the limited partners in connection with the management of our operating partnership. digital realty trust, inc.'s duties as general partner to our operating partnership and its partners may come into conflict with the duties of digital realty trust, inc.'s directors and officers to digital realty trust, inc. and its stockholders. under maryland law, a general partner of a maryland limited partnership owes its limited partners the duties of loyalty and care, which must be discharged consistently with the obligation of good faith and fair dealing, unless the partnership agreement provides otherwise. the partnership agreement of our operating partnership provides that for so long as digital realty trust, inc. owns a controlling interest in our operating partnership, any conflict that cannot be resolved in a manner not adverse to either digital realty trust, inc.'s stockholders or the limited partners will be resolved in favor of digital realty trust, inc.'s stockholders.
the provisions of maryland law that allow the fiduciary duties of a general partner to be modified by a partnership agreement have not been tested in a court of law, and we have not obtained an opinion of counsel covering the provisions set forth in the partnership agreement that purport to waive or restrict digital realty trust, inc.'s fiduciary duties.
digital realty trust, inc.'s stockholders and digital realty trust, l.p.'s unitholders are also subject to the following additional conflict of interest:
tax consequences upon sale or refinancing. sales of properties and repayment of certain indebtedness will affect holders of common units in our operating partnership and digital realty trust, inc.'s stockholders differently. consequently, these holders of common units in our operating partnership may have different objectives regarding the appropriate pricing and
index to financial statements timing of any such sale or repayment of debt. while digital realty trust, inc. has exclusive authority under the limited partnership agreement of our operating partnership to determine when to refinance or repay debt or whether, when, and on what terms to sell a property, any such decision generally would require the approval of digital realty trust, inc.'s board of directors. certain of digital realty trust, inc.'s directors and executive officers could exercise their influence in a manner inconsistent with the interests of some, or a majority, of digital realty trust, l.p.'s unitholders, including in a manner which could prevent completion of a sale of a property or the repayment of indebtedness.
digital realty trust, inc.'s charter, digital realty trust, l.p.'s partnership agreement and maryland law contain provisions that may delay, defer or prevent a change of control transaction.
digital realty trust, inc.'s charter and the articles supplementary with respect to the preferred stock contain 9.8% ownership limits. digital realty trust, inc.'s charter, subject to certain exceptions, authorizes the company's directors to take such actions as are necessary and desirable to preserve the company's qualification as a reit and to limit any person to actual or constructive ownership of no more than 9.8% (by value or by number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of the outstanding shares of the company's common stock, 9.8% (by value or by number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of the outstanding shares of any series of preferred stock and 9.8% of the value of the company's outstanding capital stock. digital realty trust, inc.'s board of directors, in its sole discretion, may exempt (prospectively or retroactively) a proposed transferee from the ownership limit. however, digital realty trust, inc.'s board of directors may not grant an exemption from the ownership limit to any proposed transferee whose direct or indirect ownership of more than 9.8% of the outstanding shares of the company's common stock, more than 9.8% of the outstanding shares of any series of preferred stock or more than 9.8% of the value of the company's outstanding capital stock could jeopardize the company's status as a reit. these restrictions on transferability and ownership will not apply if digital realty trust, inc.'s board of directors determines that it is no longer in the company's best interests to attempt to qualify, or to continue to qualify, as a reit or that compliance is no longer required for reit qualification. the ownership limit may delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change of control that might be in the best interest of digital realty trust, inc.'s stockholders and digital realty trust, l.p.'s unitholders.
digital realty trust, l.p.'s partnership agreement contains provisions that may delay, defer or prevent a change of control transaction. digital realty trust, l.p.'s partnership agreement provides that digital realty trust, inc. may not engage in any merger, consolidation or other combination with or into another person, any sale of all or substantially all of its assets or any reclassification, recapitalization or change of its outstanding equity interests unless the transaction is approved by the holders of common units and long-term incentive units representing at least 35% of the aggregate percentage interests of all holders of common units and long-term incentive units and either:
•   all limited partners will receive, or have the right to elect to receive, for each common unit an amount of cash, securities or other property equal to the product of the number of shares of digital realty trust, inc. common stock into which a common unit is then exchangeable and the greatest amount of cash, securities or other property paid in consideration of each share of digital realty trust, inc. common stock in connection with the transaction (provided that, if, in connection with the transaction, a purchase, tender or exchange offer is made to and accepted by the holders of more than 50% of the shares of digital realty trust, inc. common stock, each holder of common units will receive, or have the right to elect to receive, the greatest amount of cash, securities or other property which such holder would have received if it exercised its right to redemption and received shares of digital realty trust, inc. common stock in exchange for its common units immediately prior to the expiration of such purchase, tender or exchange offer and thereupon accepted such purchase, tender or exchange offer and the transaction was then consummated); or
•   the following conditions are met:
•   substantially all of the assets directly or indirectly owned by the surviving entity in the transaction are held directly or indirectly by digital realty trust, l.p. or another limited partnership or limited liability company which is the survivor of a merger, consolidation or combination of assets with digital realty trust, l.p., or the surviving partnership;
•   the holders of common units and long-term incentive units own a percentage interest of the surviving partnership based on the relative fair market value of digital realty trust, l.p.'s net assets and the other net assets of the surviving partnership immediately prior to the consummation of such transaction;
•   the rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of interests in the surviving partnership are at least as favorable as those in effect immediately prior to the consummation of such transaction and as those applicable to any other limited partners or non-managing members of the surviving partnership; and
•   the rights of the limited partners or non-managing members of the surviving partnership include at least one of the following: (i) the right to redeem their interests in the surviving partnership for the consideration available to such persons pursuant to digital realty trust, l.p.'s partnership agreement; or (ii) the right to redeem their interests for cash on terms equivalent to those in effect with respect to their common units immediately prior to the consummation of such transaction (or, if the ultimate controlling person of the surviving partnership has publicly traded common equity securities, for such common equity securities, with an exchange ratio based on the determination of relative fair market value of such securities and the shares of digital realty trust, inc. common stock).
these provisions may discourage others from trying to acquire control of digital realty trust, inc. and may delay, defer or prevent a change of control transaction that might be beneficial to digital realty trust, inc.'s stockholders and digital realty trust, l.p.'s unitholders.
the change of control conversion features of digital realty trust, inc.'s preferred stock may make it more difficult for a party to take over our company or discourage a party from taking over our company.
upon the occurrence of specified change of control transactions, holders of our series f preferred stock, series g preferred stock, series h preferred stock and series i preferred stock will have the right (unless, prior to the change of control conversion date, we have provided or provide notice of our election to redeem such preferred stock) to convert some or all of their series f preferred stock, series g preferred stock, series h preferred stock or series i preferred stock, as applicable, into shares of our common stock (or equivalent value of alternative consideration), subject to caps set forth in the articles supplementary governing the applicable series of preferred stock. the change of control conversion features of the series f preferred stock, series g preferred stock, series h preferred stock and series i preferred stock may have the effect of discouraging a third party from making an acquisition proposal for our company or of delaying, deferring or preventing certain change of control transactions of our company under circumstances that otherwise could provide the holders of our common stock, series f preferred stock, series g preferred stock, series h preferred stock and series i preferred stock with the opportunity to realize a premium over the then-current market price or that stockholders may otherwise believe is in their best interests.
digital realty trust, inc. could increase or decrease the number of authorized shares of stock and issue stock without stockholder approval.
digital realty trust, inc.'s charter authorizes the company's board of directors, without stockholder approval, to amend the charter from time to time to increase or decrease the aggregate number of authorized shares of stock or the number of authorized shares of stock of any class or series, to issue authorized but unissued shares of the company's common stock or preferred stock and, subject to the voting rights of holders of preferred stock, to classify or reclassify any unissued shares of the company's common stock or preferred stock into other classes of series of stock and to set the preferences, rights and other terms of such classified or reclassified shares. although digital realty trust, inc.'s board of directors has no such intention at the present time, it could establish an additional class or series of preferred stock that could, depending on the terms of such class or series, delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change of control that might be in the best interest of digital realty trust, inc.'s stockholders and digital realty trust, l.p.'s unitholders.
certain provisions of maryland law could inhibit changes in control. certain provisions of the maryland general corporation law, or mgcl, may have the effect of impeding a third party from making a proposal to acquire digital realty trust, inc. or of impeding a change of control under circumstances that otherwise could be in the best interests of digital realty trust, inc.'s stockholders and digital realty trust, l.p.'s unitholders, including:
•   "business combination" provisions that, subject to limitations, prohibit certain business combinations between digital realty trust, inc. and an "interested stockholder" (defined generally as any person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 10% or more of the voting power of the company's outstanding shares of voting stock or an affiliate or associate of the company who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10% or more of the voting power of the company's then outstanding shares of stock) or an affiliate thereof for five years after the most recent date on which the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, and thereafter imposes special appraisal rights and supermajority voting requirements on these combinations; and
•   "control share" provisions that provide that "control shares" of digital realty trust, inc. (defined as shares which, when aggregated with other shares controlled by the stockholder (except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy),
index to financial statements entitle the stockholder to exercise one of three increasing ranges of voting power in electing directors) acquired in a "control share acquisition" (defined as the direct or indirect acquisition of ownership or control of issued and outstanding "control shares") have no voting rights except to the extent approved by the company's stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding all interested shares.
digital realty trust, inc. has opted out of these provisions of the mgcl, in the case of the business combination provisions of the mgcl by resolution of its board of directors, and in the case of the control share provisions of the mgcl pursuant to a provision in its bylaws. however, digital realty trust, inc.'s board of directors may by resolution elect to opt in to the business combination provisions of the mgcl and the company may, by amendment to its bylaws, opt in to the control share provisions of the mgcl in the future.
the provisions of digital realty trust, inc.'s charter on removal of directors and the advance notice provisions of digital realty trust, inc.'s bylaws could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change of control of the company that might be in the best interest of digital realty trust, inc.'s stockholders and digital realty trust, l.p.'s unitholders. likewise, if digital realty trust, inc.'s board of directors were to opt in to the business combination provisions of the mgcl or the provisions of title 3, subtitle 8 of the mgcl not currently applicable to the company, or if the provision in the digital realty trust, inc.'s bylaws opting out of the control share acquisition provisions of the mgcl were rescinded, these provisions of the mgcl could have similar anti-takeover effects.
the conversion rights of digital realty trust, inc.'s preferred stock may be detrimental to holders of digital realty trust, inc.'s common stock.
digital realty trust, inc. currently has 7,300,000 shares of 6.625% series f cumulative redeemable preferred stock outstanding, 10,000,000 shares of 5.875% series g cumulative redeemable preferred stock outstanding, 14,600,000 shares of 7.375% series h cumulative redeemable preferred stock outstanding and 10,000,000 shares of 6.350% series i cumulative redeemable preferred stock outstanding, which may be converted into digital realty trust, inc. common stock upon the occurrence of limited specified change in control transactions. the conversion of the series f preferred stock, series g preferred stock, series h preferred stock or series i preferred stock for digital realty trust, inc. common stock would dilute stockholder ownership in digital realty trust, inc. and unitholder ownership in digital realty trust, l.p., and could adversely affect the market price of digital realty trust, inc. common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities.
digital realty trust, inc.'s board of directors may change our investment and financing policies without stockholder approval or approval of digital realty trust, l.p.'s other partners and we may become more highly leveraged, which may increase our risk of default under our debt obligations.
digital realty trust, inc.'s board of directors adopted a policy limiting our indebtedness to 60% of our total enterprise value. our total enterprise value is defined as the sum of the market value of digital realty trust, inc.'s outstanding common stock (which may decrease, thereby increasing our debt to total capitalization ratio), excluding options issued under our incentive award plans, plus the aggregate value of digital realty trust, l.p. units not held by digital realty trust, inc. (with the per unit value equal to the market value of one share of digital realty trust, inc. common stock and excluding long-term incentive units and class c units), plus the liquidation preference of digital realty trust, inc.'s outstanding preferred stock, plus the book value of our total consolidated indebtedness. however, the organizational documents of digital realty trust, inc. and digital realty trust, l.p. do not limit the amount or percentage of indebtedness, funded or otherwise, that we may incur. digital realty trust, inc.'s board of directors may alter or eliminate our current policy on borrowing at any time without stockholder or unitholder approval. if this policy changed, we could become more highly leveraged which could result in an increase in our debt service and which could materially adversely affect our cash flow and our ability to pay dividends to digital realty trust, inc.'s stockholders or distributions to digital realty trust, l.p.'s unitholders. higher leverage also increases the risk of default on our obligations.
digital realty trust, inc.'s rights and the rights of its stockholders to take action against its directors and officers are limited.
maryland law provides that digital realty trust, inc.'s directors have no liability in their capacities as directors if they perform their duties in good faith, in a manner they reasonably believe to be in the company's best interests and with the care that an ordinarily prudent person in a like position would use under similar circumstances. as permitted by the mgcl, digital realty trust, inc.'s charter limits the liability of the company's directors and officers to the company and its stockholders for money damages, except for liability resulting from:
•   actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services; or
in addition, digital realty trust, inc.'s charter authorizes the company to obligate itself, and the company's bylaws require it, to indemnify the company's directors and officers for actions taken by them in those capacities and to pay or reimburse their reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding to the maximum extent permitted by maryland law and digital realty trust, inc. has entered into indemnification agreements with its officers and directors. as a result, digital realty trust, inc. and its stockholders may have more limited rights against its directors and officers than might otherwise exist under common law. accordingly, in the event that actions taken in good faith by any of digital realty trust, inc.'s directors or officers impede the performance of the company, the company's stockholders' ability to recover damages from that director or officer will be limited.
risks related to taxes and digital realty trust, inc.'s status as a reit failure to qualify as a reit would have significant adverse consequences to digital realty trust, inc. and its stockholders and to digital realty trust, l.p. and its unitholders.
digital realty trust, inc. has operated and intends to continue operating in a manner that it believes will allow it to qualify as a reit for federal income tax purposes under the code. digital realty trust, inc. has not requested and does not plan to request a ruling from the irs that it qualifies as a reit. qualification as a reit involves the application of highly technical and complex code provisions for which there are only limited judicial and administrative interpretations. the complexity of these provisions and of the applicable treasury regulations that have been promulgated under the code is greater in the case of a reit that, like digital realty trust, inc., holds its assets through a partnership. the determination of various factual matters and circumstances not entirely within digital realty trust, inc.'s control may affect its ability to qualify as a reit. in order to qualify as a reit, digital realty trust, inc. must satisfy a number of requirements, including requirements regarding the ownership of its stock, requirements regarding the composition of its assets and a requirement that at least 95% of its gross income in any year must be derived from qualifying sources, such as "rents from real property." also, digital realty trust, inc. must make distributions to stockholders aggregating annually at least 90% of its net taxable income, excluding any net capital gains.
if digital realty trust, inc. loses its reit status, it will face serious tax consequences that would substantially reduce its cash available for distribution, including cash available to pay dividends to its stockholders, for each of the years involved because:
•   digital realty trust, inc. would not be allowed a deduction for dividends paid to stockholders in computing its taxable income and would be subject to federal income tax at regular corporate rates;
•   digital realty trust, inc. also could be subject to the federal alternative minimum tax and possibly increased state and local taxes; and
•   unless digital realty trust, inc. is entitled to relief under applicable statutory provisions, it could not elect to be taxed as a reit for four taxable years following the year during which it was disqualified.
in addition, if digital realty trust, inc. fails to qualify as a reit, it will not be required to make distributions to stockholders, and accordingly, distributions digital realty trust, l.p. makes to its unitholders could be similarly reduced. as a result of all these factors, digital realty trust, inc.'s failure to qualify as a reit also could impair our ability to expand our business and raise capital, and would materially adversely affect the value of digital realty trust, inc.'s stock and digital realty trust, l.p.'s units.
in certain circumstances, digital realty trust, inc. may be subject to federal and state taxes as a reit, which would reduce its cash available for distribution to its stockholders.
even if digital realty trust, inc. qualifies as a reit for federal income tax purposes, it may be subject to some federal, state and local taxes on its income or property and, in certain cases, a 100% penalty tax, in the event it sells property as a dealer. in addition, our domestic corporate subsidiary, digital services, inc., which is a taxable reit subsidiary of digital realty trust, inc., could be subject to federal and state taxes, and our foreign properties and companies are subject to tax in the jurisdictions in which they operate and are located. any federal, state or other taxes digital realty trust, inc. pays will reduce its cash available for distribution to stockholders.
index to financial statements to maintain digital realty trust, inc.'s reit status, we may be forced to borrow funds during unfavorable market conditions.
to qualify as a reit, digital realty trust, inc. generally must distribute to its stockholders at least 90% of its net taxable income each year, excluding capital gains, and digital realty trust, inc. will be subject to regular corporate income taxes to the extent that it distributes less than 100% of its net taxable income each year. in addition, digital realty trust, inc. will be subject to a 4% nondeductible excise tax on the amount, if any, by which distributions paid by digital realty trust, inc. in any calendar year are less than the sum of 85% of its ordinary income, 95% of its capital gain net income and 100% of its undistributed income from prior years. while historically digital realty trust, inc. has satisfied these distribution requirements by making cash distributions to its stockholders, a reit is permitted to satisfy these requirements by making distributions of cash or other property. we may need to borrow funds for digital realty trust, inc. to meet the reit distribution requirements even if the then prevailing market conditions are not favorable for these borrowings. these borrowing needs could result from differences in timing between the actual receipt of cash and inclusion of income for federal income tax purposes, or the effect of non-deductible capital expenditures, the creation of reserves or required debt or amortization payments.
dividends payable by reits do not qualify for the reduced tax rates available for some dividends.
income from "qualified dividends" payable to u.s. stockholders that are individuals, trusts and estates are generally subject to tax at preferential rates. dividends payable by reits, however, generally are not eligible for the preferential tax rates applicable to qualified dividend income. although these rules do not adversely affect the taxation of reits or dividends payable by reits, to the extent that the preferential rates continue to apply to regular corporate qualified dividends, investors who are individuals, trusts and estates may perceive investments in reits to be relatively less attractive than investments in the stocks of non-reit corporations that pay dividends, which could materially and adversely affect the value of the shares of reits, including the per share trading price of digital realty trust, inc.'s capital stock.
the tax imposed on reits engaging in "prohibited transactions" may limit our ability to engage in transactions which would be treated as sales for federal income tax purposes.
a reit's net income from prohibited transactions is subject to a 100% penalty tax. in general, prohibited transactions are sales or other dispositions of property, other than foreclosure property, held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. although we do not intend to hold any properties that would be characterized as held for sale to customers in the ordinary course of our business, unless a sale or disposition qualifies under certain statutory safe harbors, such characterization is a factual determination and no guarantee can be given that the irs would agree with our characterization of our properties or that we will always be able to make use of the available safe harbors.
complying with reit requirements may cause us to forego otherwise attractive opportunities or liquidate otherwise attractive investments.
to qualify as a reit for federal income tax purposes, digital realty trust, inc. must continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, its sources of income, the nature and diversification of its assets (including its proportionate share of digital realty trust, l.p.'s assets), the amounts it distributes to its stockholders and the ownership of its capital stock. if digital realty trust, inc. fails to comply with one or more of the asset tests at the end of any calendar quarter, it must correct the failure within 30 days after the end of the calendar quarter or qualify for certain statutory relief provisions to avoid losing its reit qualification and suffering adverse tax consequences. in order to meet these tests, we may be required to forego investments we might otherwise make or to liquidate otherwise attractive investments. thus, compliance with the reit requirements may hinder our performance and reduce amounts available for distribution to digital realty trust, inc.'s stockholders and digital realty trust, l.p.'s unitholders.
the rules dealing with federal income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the irs and the u.s. department of the treasury. changes to the tax laws, with or without retroactive application, could materially and adversely affect digital realty trust, inc.'s stockholders, digital realty trust, l.p.'s unitholders and us. we cannot predict how changes in the tax laws might affect our investors and us. new legislation, treasury regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could significantly and negatively affect digital realty trust, inc.'s ability to qualify as a reit, the federal income tax consequences of such qualification, or the federal income tax consequences of an investment in us. moreover, the law relating to the tax treatment of other entities, or an investment in other entities, could change, making an investment in such other entities more attractive relative to an investment in a reit.
index to financial statements tax liabilities and attributes inherited in connection with acquisitions may adversely impact our business.
from time to time we may acquire other corporations or entities and, in connection with such acquisitions, we may succeed to the historic tax attributes and liabilities of such entities. for example, if we acquire a c corporation and subsequently dispose of its assets within five years of the acquisition, we could be required to pay tax on any built-in gain attributable to such assets determined as of the date on which we acquired the assets. in addition, in order to qualify as a reit, at the end of any taxable year, we must not have any earnings and profits accumulated in a non-reit year. as a result, if we acquire a c corporation, we must distribute the corporation's earnings and profits accumulated prior to the acquisition before the end of the taxable year in which we acquire the corporation. we also could be required to pay the acquired entity's unpaid taxes even though such liabilities arose prior to the time we acquired the entity. telx was a c corporation at the time of the telx acquisition, which raises each of these issues.
we are headquartered in the u.s. with subsidiaries and operations globally and are subject to income taxes in these jurisdictions. significant judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes. although we believe that we have adequately assessed and accounted for our potential tax liabilities, and that our tax estimates are reasonable, there can be no assurance that additional taxes will not be due upon audit of our tax returns or as a result of changes to applicable tax laws.  the u.s. government as well as the governments of many of the countries in which we operate are actively discussing changes to the corporate recognition and taxation of worldwide income. the nature and timing of any changes to each jurisdiction's tax laws and the impact on our future tax liabilities cannot be predicted with any accuracy but could materially and adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows.
additionally, each of our properties is subject to real property and personal property taxes. these taxes may increase as tax rates change and as the properties are assessed or reassessed by taxing authorities. any increase in property taxes on our properties could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations.
the power of digital realty trust, inc.'s board of directors to revoke digital realty trust, inc.'s reit election without stockholder approval may cause adverse consequences to digital realty trust, inc.'s stockholders and digital realty trust, l.p.'s unitholders.
digital realty trust, inc.'s charter provides that its board of directors may revoke or otherwise terminate its reit election, without the approval of its stockholders, if it determines that it is no longer in digital realty trust, inc.'s best interests to continue to qualify as a reit. if digital realty trust, inc. ceases to qualify as a reit, it would become subject to u.s. federal income tax on its taxable income and it would no longer be required to distribute most of its taxable income to its stockholders and, accordingly, distributions digital realty trust, l.p. makes to its unitholders could be similarly reduced.
forward-looking statements we make statements in this report that are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. in particular, statements pertaining to our capital resources, portfolio performance including our ability to lease vacant space and space under development, leverage policy and acquisition and capital expenditure plans, as well as our discussion of "factors which may influence future results of operations," contain forward-looking statements. likewise, all of our statements regarding anticipated market conditions, demographics and results of operations are forward-looking statements. you can identify forward-looking statements by the use of forward-looking terminology such as "believes," "expects," "may," "will," "should," "seeks," "approximately," "intends," "plans," "pro forma," "estimates" or "anticipates" or the negative of these words and phrases or similar words or phrases which are predictions of or indicate future events or trends and which do not relate solely to historical matters. you can also identify forward-looking statements by discussions of strategy, plans or intentions.
•   the impact of current global economic, credit and market conditions;
•   current local economic conditions in our geographic markets;
•   our failure to obtain necessary debt and equity financing;
•   risks associated with using debt to fund our business activities, including re-financing and interest rate risks, our failure to repay debt when due, adverse changes in our credit ratings or our breach of covenants or other terms contained in our loan facilities and agreements;
•   our inability to manage our growth effectively;
•   the suitability of our properties and data center infrastructure, delays or disruptions in connectivity, failure of our physical and information security infrastructure or services or availability of power;
•   increased competition or available supply of data center space;
•   our inability to successfully develop and lease new properties and development space;
•   difficulties in identifying properties to acquire and completing acquisitions;
•   our inability to acquire off-market properties;
•   our inability to comply with the rules and regulations applicable to reporting companies;
•   digital realty trust, inc.'s failure to maintain its status as a reit for federal income tax purposes;
•   restrictions on our ability to engage in certain business activities;
the risks included here are not exhaustive, and additional factors could adversely affect our business and financial performance, including factors and risks included in other sections of this report, including under part i, item 1a, risk factors. moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. new risk factors emerge from time to time and it is not possible for management to predict all such risk factors, nor can we assess the impact of all such risk factors on the business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. while forward-looking statements reflect our good faith beliefs, they are not guaranties of future performance. we disclaim any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect changes in underlying assumptions or factors, new information, data or methods, future events or other changes.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report. we make statements in this section that are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements, see the section in this report entitled "forward-looking statements." certain risk factors may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the following discussion. for a discussion of such risk factors, see the sections in this report entitled "risk factors" and "forward-looking statements."
occupancy percentages included in the following discussion, for some of our properties, are calculated based on factors in addition to contractually leased square feet, including available power, required support space and common area.
overview our company. digital realty trust, inc. completed its initial public offering of common stock, or our ipo, on november 3, 2004. we believe that we have operated in a manner that has enabled us to qualify, and have elected to be treated, as a reit under sections 856 through 860 of the code. our company was formed on march 9, 2004. during the period from our formation until we commenced operations in connection with the completion of our ipo, we did not have any corporate activity other than the issuance of shares of digital realty trust, inc. common stock in connection with the initial capitalization of the company. our operating partnership was formed on july 21, 2004.
business and strategy. our primary business objectives are to maximize: (i) sustainable long-term growth in earnings and funds from operations per share and unit, (ii) cash flow and returns to our stockholders and our operating partnership's unitholders through the payment of distributions and (iii) return on invested capital. we expect to achieve our objectives by focusing on our core business of investing in and developing data centers. a significant component of our current and future internal growth is anticipated through the development of our existing space held for development, acquisition of land for future development and acquisition of new properties. we target high quality, strategically located properties containing the physical and connectivity infrastructure that supports the applications and operations of data center and technology industry tenants and properties that may be developed for such use. most of our data center properties contain fully redundant electrical supply systems, multiple power feeds, above-standard cooling systems, raised floor areas, extensive in-building communications cabling and high-level security systems. we focus exclusively on owning, acquiring, developing and operating data centers because we believe that the growth in data center demand and the technology-related real estate industry generally will continue to outpace the overall economy.
as of december 31, 2016, we owned an aggregate of 145 operating properties, including 14 properties held as investments in unconsolidated joint ventures, with approximately 26.1 million rentable square feet including approximately 2.0 million square feet of space under active development and approximately 1.1 million square feet of space held for future development. the 14 properties held as investments in unconsolidated joint ventures have an aggregate of approximately 1.9 million rentable square feet. the 14 parcels of developable land we own comprised approximately 414 acres. at december 31, 2016, approximately 2.0 million square feet was under construction for turn-key flex®, colocation and powered base building® products, all of which are expected to be income producing on or after completion, in six u.s. domestic metropolitan areas, three european metropolitan areas, one canadian metropolitan area and one asian metropolitan area, consisting of approximately 1.2 million square feet of base building construction and 0.8 million square feet of data center construction.
we have developed detailed, standardized procedures for evaluating new real estate investments to ensure that they meet our financial, technical and other criteria. we expect to continue to acquire additional assets as a part of our growth strategy. we intend to aggressively manage and lease our assets to increase their cash flow. we may continue to build out our development portfolio when justified by anticipated returns.
we may acquire properties subject to existing mortgage financing and other indebtedness or we may incur new indebtedness in connection with acquiring or refinancing these properties. debt service on such indebtedness will have a priority over any cash dividends with respect to digital realty trust, inc.'s common stock and preferred stock. we currently intend to limit our indebtedness to 60% of our total enterprise value and, based on the closing price of digital realty trust, inc. common stock on december 31, 2016 of $98.26, our ratio of debt to total enterprise value was approximately 26%. our total enterprise value is defined as the sum of the market value of digital realty trust, inc.'s outstanding common stock (which may decrease, thereby increasing our debt to total enterprise value ratio), excluding options issued under our amended and restated 2004 incentive award plan, plus the liquidation value of digital realty trust, inc.'s preferred stock, plus the aggregate value of
index to financial statements our operating partnership's units not held by digital realty trust, inc. (with the per unit value equal to the market value of one share of digital realty trust, inc. common stock and excluding long-term incentive units, class c units and class d units), plus the book value of our total consolidated indebtedness.
revenue base. as of december 31, 2016, we owned 145 operating properties through our operating partnership, including 14 properties held as investments in unconsolidated joint ventures and developable land. these properties are mainly located throughout north america, with 32 properties located in europe, four properties in asia and three properties in australia. we, through our predecessor, acquired our first portfolio property in january 2002 and have added properties through acquisition and development activities as follows:
(1)   excludes properties sold: 114 rue ambroise croizat (august 2016), 210 n. tucker boulevard (july 2016), 900 walnut street (july 2016), 251 exchange place (july 2016), 1807 michael faraday court (july 2016), 47700 kato road and 1055 page avenue (january 2016), 650 randolph road (december 2015), 833 chestnut street (april 2015), 3300 east birch street (march 2015), 100 quannapowitt (february 2015), 6 braham street (april 2014), 100 technology center drive (march 2007), 4055 valley view lane (march 2007) and 7979 east tufts avenue (july 2006). in addition, also excludes 701 &amp; 717 leonard street, a parking garage located adjacent to our internet gateway data center located at 2323 bryan street and not considered a separate property. also excludes a leasehold interest acquired in march 2007 related to an acquisition made in 2006. excludes 14 developable land parcels. includes 12 properties held in our managed portfolio of unconsolidated joint ventures consisting of 4650 old ironsides drive (silicon valley), 2950 zanker road (silicon valley), 4700 old ironsides drive (silicon valley), 444 toyama drive (silicon valley), 43790 devin shafron drive (northern virginia), 21551 beaumeade circle (northern virginia), 7505 mason king court (northern virginia), 14901 faa boulevard (dallas), 900 dorothy drive (dallas), 636 pierce street (new york), 43915 devin shafron drive (northern virginia) and 33 chun choi street (hong kong); and two properties held in our non-managed unconsolidated joint ventures consisting of 2001 sixth avenue (seattle) and 2020 fifth avenue (seattle).
(6)   includes three developed buildings (43915 devin shafron drive, 43830 devin shafron drive and 43790 devin shafron drive) placed into service in 2010 and 2011 that are being included with a property (devin shafron buildings) that was acquired in 2007.
(7)   includes a developed building (21551 beaumeade circle) placed into service in 2011 that is being included with a property (beaumeade circle portfolio) that was acquired in 2009.
(8)   includes four developed buildings (43940 digital loudoun plaza in northern virginia, 3825 nw aloclek place in portland, oregon, 98 radnor drive in melbourne, australia and 1-23 templar road in sydney, australia) placed into service in 2012 and 2013, on land parcels acquired in 2011.
(10)   43915 devin shafron drive, which was previously included as part of the devin shafron buildings, is now separately included in the property count because it was separately contributed to an unconsolidated joint venture in september 2014.
(11)   includes eight properties that were added as part of the telx acquisition, two of which are owned: 56 marietta street (atlanta) and 100 delawanna avenue (new york); and six that are leased from third parties: 60 hudson street (new york), 32 avenue of the americas (new york), 2 peekay drive (new york), 2820 northwestern parkway (silicon valley), 8425 n. stemmons freeway (dallas) and 3433 s. 120th place (seattle). telx also leases space at 111 8th avenue (new york), which is partially subleased by telx from the company and partially subleased from third parties.
(12)   includes eight properties that were added as part of the european portfolio acquisition, one of which is owned, with the remaining seven being leased from third parties.
as of december 31, 2016, the properties in our portfolio, including the 14 properties held as investments in unconsolidated joint ventures, were approximately 89.4% leased excluding approximately 2.0 million square feet of space under active development and approximately 1.1 million square feet of space held for future development. due to the capital-intensive and long-term nature of the operations being supported, our lease terms are generally longer than standard commercial leases. as of december 31, 2016, our average remaining lease term is approximately five years. our scheduled lease expirations through december 31, 2018 are 16.4% of rentable square feet excluding month-to-month leases, space under active development and space held for future development as of december 31, 2016.
the company granted equinix an option to acquire the company's facility in 114 rue ambroise croizat in paris. equinix elected to exercise its option to acquire the paris property, and on july 2, 2016, the company entered into an agreement to sell the property to equinix for approximately €190 million (or approximately $212 million based on the exchange rate as of august 1, 2016). the paris property sale closed on august 1, 2016. the company recognized a gain on the sale of approximately $144.3 million in the third quarter of 2016. this property was classified as held for sale as of june 30, 2016.
index to financial statements factors which may influence future results of operations global market and economic conditions. general economic conditions and the cost and availability of capital may be adversely affected in some or all of the metropolitan areas in which we own properties and conduct our operations. in june 2016, a majority of voters in the united kingdom elected to withdraw from the european union in a national referendum. the referendum was advisory, and the terms of any withdrawal are subject to a negotiation period that could last at least two years after the government of the united kingdom formally initiates a withdrawal process. nevertheless, the referendum has created significant uncertainty about the future relationship between the united kingdom and the european union, and has given rise to calls for the governments of other european union member states to consider withdrawal. instability in the u.s., european, asia pacific and other international financial markets and economies may adversely affect our ability, and the ability of our tenants, to replace or renew maturing liabilities on a timely basis, access the capital markets to meet liquidity and capital expenditure requirements and may result in adverse effects on our, and our tenants', financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, our access to funds under our global revolving credit facility depends on the ability of the lenders that are parties to such facilities to meet their funding commitments to us. we cannot assure you that long-term disruptions in the global economy and the return of tighter credit conditions among, and potential failures or nationalizations of, third party financial institutions as a result of such disruptions will not have an adverse effect on our lenders. if our lenders are not able to meet their funding commitments to us, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected.
if we do not have sufficient cash flow to continue operating our business and are unable to borrow additional funds, access our existing lines of credit or raise equity or debt capital, we may need to source alternative ways to increase our liquidity. such alternatives may include, without limitation, curtailing development activity, disposing of one or more of our properties possibly on disadvantageous terms or entering into or renewing leases on less favorable terms than we otherwise would.
foreign currency exchange risk. for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, we had foreign operations in the united kingdom, ireland, france, the netherlands, germany, switzerland, canada, singapore, australia, japan and hong kong, and, as such, are subject to risk from the effects of exchange rate movements of foreign currencies, which may affect future costs and cash flows. our foreign operations are conducted in the british pound sterling, euro, swiss franc, canadian dollar, singapore dollar, australian dollar, japanese yen and the hong kong dollar. our primary currency exposures are to the british pound sterling, the euro and the singapore dollar. the possible exit of the united kingdom (or any other country) from the european union or prolonged periods of uncertainty relating to any of these possibilities, could result in increased foreign currency exchange volatility. we attempt to mitigate a portion of the risk of currency fluctuation by financing our investments in the local currency denominations, although there can be no assurance that this will be effective. as a result, changes in the relation of any such foreign currency to u.s. dollars may affect our revenues, operating margins and distributions and may also affect the book value of our assets and the amount of stockholders' equity.
rental income. the amount of rental income generated by the properties in our portfolio depends on several factors, including our ability to maintain or improve the occupancy rates of currently leased space and to lease currently available space and space available from lease terminations. excluding approximately 2.0 million square feet of space under active development and approximately 1.1 million square feet of space held for future development as of december 31, 2016, the occupancy rate of the properties in our portfolio, including the 14 properties held as investments in unconsolidated joint ventures, was approximately 89.4% of our net rentable square feet.
as of december 31, 2016, we had over 2,200 tenants in our portfolio, including the 12 properties held in our managed portfolio of unconsolidated joint ventures. as of december 31, 2016, approximately 91% of our leases (on a rentable square footage basis) contained base rent escalations that were either fixed (generally ranging from 2% to 4%) or indexed based on a consumer price index or other similar inflation related index. we cannot assure you that these escalations will cover any increases in our costs or will otherwise keep rental rates at or above market rates.
the amount of rental income we generate also depends on maintaining or increasing rental rates at our properties, which in turn depends on several factors, including supply and demand and market rates for data center space. included in our approximately 21.1 million net rentable square feet, excluding space under active development and space held for future development and 14 properties held as investments in unconsolidated joint ventures, at december 31, 2016 is approximately 0.8 million square feet of data center space with extensive installed tenant improvements available for lease. since our ipo, we have leased over 4.5 million square feet of similar space, including turn-key flex® space. our turn-key flex® product is an effective solution for tenants who prefer to utilize a partner with the expertise or capital budget to provide extensive data center infrastructure and security. our expertise in data center construction and operations enables us to lease space to these tenants at a premium over other uses. in addition, as of december 31, 2016, we had approximately 2.0 million square feet of space under active development and approximately 1.1 million square feet of space held for future development, or approximately 12% of the total rentable space in our portfolio, including the 14 properties held as investments in unconsolidated joint ventures. our
index to financial statements ability to grow earnings depends in part on our ability to develop space and lease development space at favorable rates, which we may not be able to obtain. development space requires significant capital investment in order to develop data center facilities that are ready for use and, in addition, we may require additional time or encounter delays in securing tenants for development space. we may purchase additional vacant properties and properties with vacant development space in the future. we will require additional capital to finance our development activities, which may not be available or may not be available on terms acceptable to us, including as a result of the conditions described above under "global market and economic conditions."
in addition, the timing between when we sign a new lease with a tenant and when that lease commences and we begin to generate rental income may be significant and may not be easily predictable. certain leases may provide for staggered commencement dates for additional space, the timing of which may be delayed significantly.
economic downturns, including as a result of the conditions described above under "global market and economic conditions," or regional downturns affecting our metropolitan areas or downturns in the technology-related real estate industry that impair our ability to lease or renew or re-lease space, or otherwise reduce returns on our investments or the ability of our tenants to fulfill their lease commitments, as in the case of tenant bankruptcies, could adversely affect our ability to maintain or increase rental rates at our properties.
scheduled lease expirations. our ability to re-lease expiring space at rental rates equal to or in excess of current rental rates will impact our results of operations. in addition to approximately 2.4 million square feet of available space in our portfolio, which excludes approximately 2.0 million square feet of space under active development and approximately 1.1 million square feet of space held for future development as of december 31, 2016 and the two properties held as investments in our non-managed unconsolidated joint ventures, leases representing approximately 6.8% and 9.6% of the net rentable square footage of our portfolio are scheduled to expire during the years ending december 31, 2017 and 2018, respectively.
during the year ended december 31, 2016, we signed new leases totaling approximately 0.8 million square feet of space and renewal leases totaling approximately 1.4 million square feet of space. the following table summarizes our leasing activity in the year ended december 31, 2016:
leasing activity (3)(4)
leasing activity summary turn-key flex ®              1,098,831                 -                   $164.34              -                       -
(1)   for some of our properties, we calculate square footage based on factors in addition to contractually leased square feet, including power, required support space and common area.
(2)   rental rates represent annual estimated cash rent per rentable square foot adjusted for straight-line rents in accordance with gaap. gaap rental rates are inclusive of tenant concessions, if any.
our ability to re-lease or renew expiring space at rental rates equal to or in excess of current rental rates will impact our results of operations. we continue to see strong demand in most of our key metropolitan areas for data center space and, subject to the supply of available data center space in these metropolitan areas, expect the rental rates we are likely to achieve on re-leased or renewed data center space leases for 2017 expirations on an average aggregate basis will generally be higher than the rates currently being paid for the same space on a gaap basis and flat on a cash basis. for the year ended december 31, 2016, rents on renewed space increased by an average of 10.2% on a gaap basis on our turn-key flex® space compared to the expiring rents and increased by an average of 22.9% on a gaap basis on our powered base building® space compared to the expiring rents. our past performance may not be indicative of future results, and we cannot assure you that leases will be renewed or that our properties will be re-leased at all or at rental rates equal to or above the current average rental rates. further, re-leased/renewed rental rates in a particular metropolitan area may not be consistent with rental rates across our portfolio as a whole and may fluctuate from one period to another due to a number of factors, including local real estate conditions, local supply and demand for data center space, competition from other data center developers or operators, the condition of the property and whether the property, or space within the property, has been developed.
geographic concentration. we depend on the market for data centers in specific geographic regions and significant changes in these regional metropolitan areas can impact our future results. as of december 31, 2016, our portfolio, including the 14 properties held as investments in unconsolidated joint ventures, was geographically concentrated in the following metropolitan areas:
metropolitan area          percentage of december 31, 2016 total annualized rent (1)
london, united kingdom                           11.3   %
operating expenses. our operating expenses generally consist of utilities, property and ad valorem taxes, property management fees, insurance and site maintenance costs, as well as rental expenses on our ground and building leases. in particular, our buildings require significant power to support the data center operations contained in them. many of our leases contain provisions under which the tenants reimburse us for all or a portion of property operating expenses and real estate taxes incurred by us. however, we generally are not entitled to reimbursement of property operating expenses, other than utility expense, and real estate taxes under our leases for turn-key flex® facilities. we also incur general and administrative expenses, including expenses relating to our asset management function, as well as significant legal, accounting and other expenses related to corporate governance, sec reporting and compliance with the various provisions of the sarbanes-oxley
index to financial statements act. increases or decreases in such operating expenses will impact our overall performance. we expect to incur additional operating expenses as we continue to expand.
climate change legislation. in june 2009, the u.s. house of representatives approved comprehensive clean energy and climate change legislation intended to cut greenhouse gas, or ghg, emissions, via a cap-and-trade program. the u.s. senate did not subsequently pass similar legislation. new climate change legislation was introduced in the u.s. senate in 2013, but significant opposition to federal climate change legislation exists.
in the absence of comprehensive federal climate change legislation, over the past several years, regulatory agencies, primarily the u.s. environmental protection agency, or epa, and states took the lead in regulating ghg emissions in the u.s. under the obama administration, epa moved aggressively to regulate ghg emissions from automobiles and large stationary sources, including electricity producers, using its own authority under the clean air act. the trump administration has signaled that it intends to eliminate or modify certain of the epa's ghg emissions regulations and refocus epa's mission away from such regulation.
the epa made an endangerment finding in 2009 that allows it to create regulations imposing emissions reporting, permitting, control technology installation, and monitoring requirements applicable to certain emitters of ghgs, including facilities that provide electricity to our data centers, although the materiality of the impacts will not be fully known until all regulations are finalized and legal challenges are resolved. under the obama administration, the epa finalized rules imposing permitting and control technology requirements upon certain newly-constructed or modified facilities which emit ghgs under the clean air act new source review prevention of significant deterioration, or nsr psd, and title v permitting programs. as a result, newly-issued nsr psd and title v permits for new or modified electricity generating units (egus) and other facilities may need to address ghg emissions, including by requiring the installation of "best available control technology." the epa implemented in december 2015 the "clean power plan" regulating carbon dioxide (co2) emissions from new and existing coal-fired and natural gas egus. existing egus are subject to statewide co2 emissions reduction targets, an effort designed to achieve a thirty-two percent reduction in nationwide existing egu co2 emissions by 2030 (in comparison to 2005 levels). new, modified, and reconstructed egus are subject to "new source performance standards" that include both technological requirements and numeric emission limits. however, twenty-four states and a number of industry groups challenged the clean power plan in federal court, and in february 2016 the u.s. supreme court issued a stay of the clean power plan until the legal challenges have been decided. further, president trump has voiced opposition to the clean power plan, and he could seek to eliminate it. separately, the epa's ghg "reporting rule" requires that certain emitters, including electricity generators, monitor and report ghg emissions. the trump administration may seek to revise or reverse these regulations.
as a result, states may drive near-term regulation to reduce ghg emissions in the united states. at the state level, california implemented a ghg cap-and-trade program that began imposing compliance obligations on industrial sectors, including electricity generators and importers, in january 2013. in september 2016, california adopted legislation calling for a further reduction in ghg emissions to 40% below 1990 levels by 2030.
outside the united states, the european union, or eu (including the united kingdom), has been operating since 2005 under a cap-and-trade program, which directly affects the largest emitters of ghgs, including electricity producers from whom we purchase power, and the eu has taken a number of other climate change-related initiatives, including a directive targeted at improving energy efficiency (which introduces energy efficiency auditing requirements).  the paris agreement, which was adopted by the united states and 194 other countries and looks to prevent global average temperatures from increasing by more than 2 degrees celsius above preindustrial levels officially went into force on november 4, 2016. however, president trump has signaled that he may withdraw the united states from the paris agreement. national legislation may also be implemented independently by members of the eu.  for example, in the united kingdom, the implementation of the crc energy efficiency scheme introduced a mandatory reporting and pricing scheme that is designed to incentivize energy efficiency and cut emissions by large energy users. it is not yet clear how brexit will impact the united kingdom's (or the eu's) approach to climate change regulation. in canada, the first compliance period under ontario's ghg cap-and-trade program began in january 2017. climate change regulations are in various stages of implementation in other nations as well, including nations where we operate, such as australia, where a ghg emissions cap was implemented in 2016.
the cost of electric power comprises a significant component of our operating expenses. any additional taxation or regulation of energy use, including as a result of (i) new legislation that congress may pass, (ii) the regulations that the epa has proposed or finalized, (iii) regulations under legislation that states have passed or may pass, or (iv) any further legislation or regulations in the eu or other regions where we operate could significantly increase our costs, and we may not be able to effectively pass all of these costs on to our tenants. these matters could adversely impact our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
index to financial statements interest rates. as of december 31, 2016, we had approximately $1.1 billion of variable rate debt subject to interest rate swap agreements on certain tranches of our unsecured term loan, along with $210.1 million and $364.3 million of variable rate debt that was outstanding on the 2016 global revolving credit facility and the unswapped portion of the 2016 unsecured term loan, respectively. the availability of debt and equity capital may decrease or be on unfavorable terms as a result of the circumstances described above under "global market and economic conditions" or other factors. the effects on commercial real estate mortgages, if available, include, but may not be limited to: higher loan spreads, tightened loan covenants, reduced loan-to-value ratios resulting in lower borrower proceeds and higher principal payments. potential future increases in interest rates and credit spreads may increase our interest expense and fixed charges and negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations, potentially impacting our future access to the debt and equity capital markets. increased interest rates may also increase the risk that the counterparties to our swap agreements will default on their obligations, which could further increase our interest expense. if we cannot obtain capital from third party sources, we may not be able to acquire or develop properties when strategic opportunities exist, satisfy our debt service obligations or pay the cash dividends to digital realty trust, inc.'s stockholders necessary to maintain its qualification as a reit.
demand for data center space. our portfolio of properties consists primarily of data centers. a decrease in the demand for, or increase in supply of, data center space, internet gateway facilities or other technology-related real estate would have a greater adverse effect on our business and financial condition than if we owned a portfolio with a more diversified tenant base or less specialized use. we have invested in building out additional inventory primarily in what we anticipate will be our active major metropolitan areas prior to having executed leases with respect to this space. we believe that demand in key metropolitan areas such as northern virginia, dallas and chicago is largely in line with supply. we also continue to see strong demand in other key metropolitan areas across our portfolio. however, until this inventory is leased up, which will depend on a number of factors, including available data center space in these metropolitan areas, our return on invested capital is negatively impacted. our development activities make us particularly susceptible to general economic slowdowns, including recessions and the other circumstances described above under "global market and economic conditions," as well as adverse developments in the data center, internet and data communications and broader technology industries. any such slowdown or adverse development could lead to reduced corporate it spending or reduced demand for data center space. reduced demand could also result from business relocations, including to metropolitan areas that we do not currently serve. changes in industry practice or in technology, such as virtualization technology, more efficient computing or networking devices, or devices that require higher power densities than today's devices, could also reduce demand for the physical data center space we provide or make the tenant improvements in our facilities obsolete or in need of significant upgrades to remain viable. in addition, the development of new technologies, the adoption of new industry standards or other factors could render many of our tenants' current products and services obsolete or unmarketable and contribute to a downturn in their businesses, thereby increasing the likelihood that they default under their leases, become insolvent or file for bankruptcy. in addition, demand for data center space in our properties, or the rates at which we lease space, may be adversely impacted either across our portfolio or in specific metropolitan areas as a result of an increase in the number of competitors, or the amount of space being offered in our metropolitan areas and other metropolitan areas by our competitors.
telx and european portfolio acquisitions. we believe that the acquisitions of telx and the european portfolio will provide a number of strategic and financial benefits, including providing us a leading colocation and interconnection platform, a premium connectivity infrastructure and enhanced growth potential in attractive locations. however, there can be no assurance that we will realize the intended benefits of the telx acquisition and the european portfolio acquisition and they may divert management's attention, and disrupt our plans and operations. in addition, we may be subject to unknown or contingent liabilities related to telx and the european portfolio for which we may have no or limited recourse against the sellers.
critical accounting policies our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles, or gaap. the preparation of these financial statements in conformity with gaap requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses in the reporting period. our actual results may differ from these estimates. we have provided a summary of our significant accounting policies in item 8, note 2 "summary of significant accounting policies" in the notes to consolidated financial statements. we describe below those accounting policies that require material subjective or complex judgments and that have the most significant impact on our financial condition and consolidated results of operations. our management evaluates these estimates on an ongoing basis, based upon information currently available and on various assumptions management believes are reasonable as of the date on the front cover of this report.
index to financial statements investments in real estate acquisition of real estate. the price that we pay to acquire a property is impacted by many factors including the condition of the property and improvements, the occupancy of the building, the term and rate of in-place leases, the creditworthiness of the tenants, favorable or unfavorable financing, above- or below-market ground leases and numerous other factors.
accordingly, we are required to make subjective assessments to allocate the purchase price paid to acquire investments in real estate among the identifiable assets including intangibles and liabilities assumed based on our estimate of the fair value of such assets and liabilities. this includes determining the value of the property and improvements, land, ground leases, if any, and tenant improvements. additionally, we evaluate the value of in-place leases on occupancy and market rent, the value of the tenant relationships, the value (or negative value) of above- (or below-) market leases, any debt or deferred taxes assumed from the seller or loans made by the seller to us and any building leases assumed from the seller. each of these estimates requires a great deal of judgment and some of the estimates involve complex calculations. these allocation assessments have a direct impact on our results of operations. for example, if we were to allocate more value to land, there would be no depreciation with respect to such amount. if we were to allocate more value to the property as opposed to allocating to the value of in-place tenant leases, this amount would be recognized as an expense over a much longer period of time. this potential effect occurs because the amounts allocated to property are depreciated over the estimated lives of the property whereas amounts allocated to in-place tenant leases are amortized over the estimated term (including renewal and extension assumptions) of the leases. additionally, the amortization of the value (or negative value) assigned to above- (or below-) market rate leases is recorded as an adjustment to rental revenue as compared to amortization of the value of in-place tenant leases and tenant relationships, which is included in depreciation and amortization in our consolidated income statements.
from time to time, we will receive offers for sale of our properties, either solicited or unsolicited. for those offers that are accepted, the prospective buyer will usually require a due diligence period before consummation of the transaction. it is not unusual for matters to arise that result in the withdrawal or rejection of the offer during this process. we classify real estate as "held for sale" when all criteria under the gaap guidance have been met.
capitalization of costs. direct and indirect project costs that are clearly associated with the development of properties are capitalized as incurred. project costs include all costs directly associated with the development of a property, including construction costs, interest, property taxes, insurance, legal fees and costs of personnel working on the project. indirect costs that do not clearly relate to the projects under development are not capitalized and are charged to expense as incurred.
capitalization of costs begins when the activities necessary to get the development project ready for its intended use begin, which include costs incurred before the beginning of construction. capitalization of costs ceases when the development project is substantially complete and ready for its intended use. determining when a development project commences and when it is substantially complete and ready for its intended use involves a degree of judgment. we generally consider a development project to be substantially complete and ready for its intended use upon receipt of a certificate of occupancy. if and when development of a property is suspended pursuant to a formal change in the planned use of the property, we will evaluate whether the accumulated costs exceed the estimated value of the project and write off the amount of any such excess accumulated costs. for a development project that is suspended for reasons other than a formal change in the planned use of such property, the accumulated project costs are evaluated for impairment consistent with our impairment policies for long-lived assets. capitalized costs are allocated to the specific components of a project that are benefited.
useful lives of assets. we are required to make subjective assessments as to the useful lives of our properties for purposes of determining the amount of depreciation to record on an annual basis with respect to our investments in real estate. these assessments have a direct impact on our net income because if we were to shorten the expected useful lives of our investments in real estate we would depreciate such investments over fewer years, resulting in more depreciation expense and lower net income on an annual basis.
asset impairment evaluation. we review each of our properties for indicators that its carrying amount may not be recoverable. examples of such indicators may include a significant decrease in the market price of the property, a change in the expected holding period for the property, a significant adverse change in how the property is being used or expected to be used based on the underwriting at the time of acquisition, an accumulation of costs significantly in excess of the amount originally expected for the acquisition or development of the property, or a history of operating or cash flow losses of the property. when such impairment indicators exist, we review an estimate of the future undiscounted net cash flows (excluding interest charges) expected to result from the real estate investment's use and eventual disposition and compare that estimate to the carrying value of the property. we consider factors such as future operating income, trends and prospects, as well as the effects of leasing demand, competition and other factors. if our future undiscounted net cash flow evaluation indicates that we are unable to recover the carrying value of a real estate investment, an impairment loss is recorded to the extent that the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value of the property. these losses have a direct impact on our net income because recording an
index to financial statements impairment loss results in an immediate negative adjustment to net income. the evaluation of anticipated cash flows is highly subjective and is based in part on assumptions regarding future occupancy, rental rates and capital requirements that could differ materially from actual results in future periods. since cash flows on properties considered to be long-lived assets to be held and used are considered on an undiscounted basis to determine whether the carrying value of a property is recoverable, our strategy of holding properties over the long-term directly decreases the likelihood of their carrying values not being recoverable and therefore requiring the recording of an impairment loss. if our strategy changes or market conditions otherwise dictate an earlier sale date, an impairment loss may be recognized and such loss could be material. if we determine that the asset fails the recoverability test, the affected assets must be reduced to their fair value.
we generally estimate the fair value of rental properties utilizing a discounted cash flow analysis that includes projections of future revenues, expenses and capital improvement costs that a market participant would use based on the highest and best use of the asset, which is similar to the income approach that is commonly utilized by appraisers. in certain cases, we may supplement this analysis by obtaining outside broker opinions of value.
revenue recognition rental revenue is recognized using the straight-line method over the terms of the tenant leases. deferred rents included in our consolidated balance sheets represent the aggregate excess of rental revenue recognized to date on a straight-line basis versus the contractual rental payments under the terms of the leases. many of our leases contain provisions under which the tenants reimburse us for a portion of property operating expenses and real estate taxes incurred by us. however, we generally are not entitled to reimbursement of property operating expenses, other than utility expense, and real estate taxes under our leases for turn-key flex® facilities. such reimbursements are recognized in the period that the expenses are incurred. lease termination fees are recognized over the remaining term of the lease, effective as of the date the lease modification is finalized, assuming collection is not considered doubtful. as discussed above, we recognize amortization of the value of acquired above- or below-market tenant leases as a reduction of rental revenue in the case of above-market leases or an increase to rental revenue in the case of below-market leases.
we must make subjective estimates as to when our revenue is earned and the collectability of our accounts receivable related to minimum rent, deferred rent, expense reimbursements, lease termination fees and other income. we specifically analyze accounts receivable and historical bad debts, tenant concentrations, tenant creditworthiness and current economic trends when evaluating the adequacy of the allowance for bad debts. these estimates have a direct impact on our net revenue because a higher bad debt allowance would result in lower net revenue, and recognizing rental revenue as earned in one period versus another would result in higher or lower net revenue for a particular period.
share-based awards we recognize compensation expense related to share-based awards. we generally amortize this compensation expense over the vesting period of the award. the calculation of the fair value of share-based awards is subjective and requires several assumptions over such items as expected stock volatility, dividend payments and future company results. these assumptions have a direct impact on our net income because a higher share-based awards amount would result in lower net income for a particular period.
index to financial statements results of operations the discussion below relates to our financial condition and results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014. a summary of our operating results from continuing operations for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 was as follows (in thousands).
our property portfolio has experienced consistent and significant growth since the first property acquisition in january 2002. as a result of this growth, our period-to-period comparison of our financial performance focuses on the impact on our revenues and expenses on a stabilized portfolio basis. our stabilized portfolio includes properties owned as of december 31, 2014 with less than 5% of total rentable square feet under development and excludes properties that were undergoing, or were expected to undergo, development activities in 2015-2016 and properties sold or contributed to joint ventures.
2016 acquisitions location                  market      date acquired               amount
(1)   on july 5, 2016, the company completed the acquisition of a portfolio of 8 high-quality, carrier-neutral data centers in europe from equinix, which we refer to as the european portfolio acquisition. the purchase price was $818.9 million in the aggregate (based on the exchange rate at the date of acquisition).
(2)   represents currently vacant land which is not included in our operating property count. we completed 4 acquisitions of land parcels in the three months ended september 30, 2016 in northern virginia, dallas and chicago. excludes capitalized closing costs on land acquisitions.
portfolio as of december 31, 2016, our portfolio consisted of 145 operating properties, including 14 properties held as investments in unconsolidated joint ventures and developable land, with an aggregate of 26.1 million rentable square feet including 2.0 million square feet of space under active development and 1.1 million square feet of space held for future development compared to a portfolio consisting of 139 operating properties, including 14 properties held as investments in unconsolidated joint ventures and developable land, with an aggregate of 25.6 million rentable square feet including 1.3 million square feet of space under active development and 1.3 million square feet of space held for future development as of december 31, 2015 and a portfolio consisting of 131 operating properties, including 14 properties held as investments in unconsolidated joint ventures and developable land, with an aggregate of 24.5 million rentable square feet including 1.8 million square feet of space under active development and 1.3 million square feet of space held for future development as of december 31, 2014.
the following tables show revenues for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 for stabilized properties and pre-stabilized properties and other (all other properties) (in thousands). stabilized results for the year ended december 31, 2015 are shown prior to telx-related eliminations that were completed in arriving at our consolidated financial results.   in an effort to make 2016 and 2015 stabilized results comparable, total operating revenues for the year ended december 31, 2016 are shown prior to telx-related eliminations totaling $62.1 million.  revenue totals for pre-stabilized and other include: results from properties that have not yet met the definition of stabilized (including the eight properties acquired from telx), properties that are classified as held for sale or were sold during the period, and the net telx-related elimination of $62.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2016.
stabilized rental revenues and tenant reimbursement revenues remained flat for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 primarily as a result of new leasing at our properties during the year ended december 31, 2016, the largest of which were for space at 2121 south price road and 2045 & 2055 lafayette street, offset by the british pound sterling and euro weakening against the u.s. dollar.
pre-stabilized and other revenue increases during the year ended december 31, 2016 were primarily a result of the telx acquisition and the european portfolio acquisition, which contributed approximately $209.0 million and $157.8 million to rental revenue and interconnection revenue, respectively, along with new leases at our properties during the year ended december 31, 2016, which were primarily leases of completed development space, the largest of which were for space at 44060 digital loudoun plaza, 907 security row, 29a international business park and 9355 grand avenue, offset by a decrease in revenues as a result of properties sold during the year ended december 31, 2016.
stabilized rental revenues and tenant reimbursement revenues decreased for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the same period in 2014 primarily as a result of newly vacant space at certain properties along with the british pound sterling and euro weakening against the u.s. dollar, which was offset by new or renewed leases at certain of our properties during the year ended december 31, 2015, the largest of which were for space at 350 east cermak road, 4025 midway road and 1350 duane avenue.
pre-stabilized and other revenue increases during the year ended december 31, 2015 were primarily a result of the telx acquisition, which contributed approximately $42.2 million and $38.9 million to rental revenue and interconnection revenue, respectively, along with new leases at our properties during the year ended december 31, 2015, which were primarily leases of completed development space, the largest of which were for space at 44060 digital loudoun plaza, 29a international business park, principal park, crawley and 2121 south price road.
fee income occasionally, customers engage the company for certain services. the nature of these services historically involves property management, construction management, and assistance with financing. the proper revenue recognition of these services can be different, depending on whether the arrangements are service revenue or contractor type revenue. service revenues are typically recognized on an equal monthly basis based on the minimum fee to be earned. the monthly amounts could be adjusted depending on if certain performance milestones are met.
fee income also includes management fees. these fees arise from contractual agreements with entities in which we have a noncontrolling interest. the management fees are recognized as earned under the respective agreements. management and other fee income related to partially owned entities are recognized to the extent attributable to the unaffiliated interest.
other during the three months ended december 31, 2016, we recognized a non-cash gain on lease termination of approximately $29.2 million, as one of our tenants, as part of a lease termination, conveyed substantially all of its colocation and turn-key improvements to the company.
the following tables show expenses for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 for stabilized properties and pre-stabilized properties and other (all other properties) (in thousands). stabilized results for the year ended december 31, 2015 are shown prior to telx-related eliminations that were completed in arriving at our consolidated financial results. in an effort to make 2016 and 2015 stabilized results comparable, total operating expenses for the year ended december 31, 2016 are shown prior to telx-related eliminations totaling $3.6 million.  expense totals for pre-stabilized and other include: results from properties that have not yet met the definition of stabilized (including the eight properties acquired from telx), properties that are classified as held for sale or were sold during the period, and the net telx-related elimination of $3.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2016.
stabilized rental property operating and maintenance expenses decreased by approximately $9.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 primarily as a result of lower utility expense due to decreased usage and vacancies at certain properties and operating efficiencies realized from the telx acquisition.
stabilized property taxes increased by approximately $6.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, primarily as a result of an additional property tax re-assessment recorded in 2016 at four properties within the stabilized pool along with a successful appeal in 2015 for taxes at one property in texas within the stabilized pool.
pre-stabilized and other rental property operating and maintenance expenses increased by approximately $120.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, primarily as a result of the telx acquisition and european portfolio acquisition, which contributed approximately $114.3 million to the increase.
pre-stabilized and other property tax expense increased approximately $3.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, primarily as a result of reassessed value increases at five properties within the pre-stabilized pool offset by the tax refund at one property in singapore.
stabilized rental property operating and maintenance expenses decreased by approximately $3.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the same period in 2014, primarily as a result of the british pound sterling and euro weakening against the u.s. dollar.
stabilized property taxes decreased by approximately $3.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the same period in 2014, primarily as a result of successful appeals for taxes at two properties in texas and one property in california within the stabilized pool during the year ended december 31, 2015.
pre-stabilized and other rental property operating and maintenance expenses increased by approximately $50.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the same period in 2014, primarily as a result of the telx acquisition, which contributed approximately $25.2 million to the increase, along with development projects being placed into service leading to higher utility expense in 2015.
pre-stabilized and other property tax expense increased approximately $4.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the same period in 2014, primarily as a result of reassessed value increases at five properties within the pre-stabilized pool.
change in fair value of contingent consideration the change in fair value of contingent consideration decreased approximately $36.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the same period in 2014, primarily as a result of reducing the fair value related to the sentrum acquisition by approximately $45.9 million during 2015. the adjustment was the result of an evaluation by management that no additional leases would be executed for vacant space by july 11, 2015, the contingency expiration date.
depreciation and amortization depreciation and amortization expense increased by approximately $128.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015, principally because of the telx acquisition and european portfolio acquisition, which contributed approximately $130.3 million to the increase, along with depreciation on development projects that were placed into service in late 2015 and during 2016, offset by properties sold during 2015 and 2016.
depreciation and amortization expense increased by approximately $32.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to the same period in 2014, principally because of the telx acquisition, which contributed approximately $30.7 million to the increase, along with depreciation on development projects that were placed into service in late 2014 and during 2015, offset by properties sold during 2014 and 2015.
general and administrative general and administrative expenses increased by approximately $47.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, primarily due to the telx acquisition and european portfolio acquisition along with the growth of our company, with an increase in headcount from 2015 to 2016, resulting in additional compensation expense, along with higher professional fees and marketing expenses.
general and administrative expenses increased by approximately $12.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the same period in 2014, primarily due to the telx acquisition along with the growth of our company, with
index to financial statements an increase in headcount from 2014 to 2015, resulting in additional compensation expense, along with higher professional fees and marketing expenses.
transactions transaction expenses increased by approximately $3.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, principally because of transaction expenses attributable to the european portfolio acquisition, which was completed in july 2016, offset by expenses attributable to the telx acquisition, which was completed in october 2015. transaction expenses for the year ended december 31, 2016 also include integration expenses of approximately $8.9 million.
transaction expenses increased by approximately $16.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to the same period in 2014, principally because of the telx acquisition, which was completed in october 2015.
other other expense increased by approximately $57.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the same period in 2014 due to the write off of straight-line rent receivables related to the telx acquisition ($75.3 million), which was partially offset by a gain related to the settlement of pre-existing tenant relationships with telx ($14.4 million).
interest expense increased by approximately $10.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, as compared to the same period in 2014, primarily a result of the issuance of the 2022 notes in june 2015, the issuance of the 2023 notes in april 2014 and the $3.9 million of fees paid in 2015 related to an unused bridge facility, which was put in place in anticipation of the telx acquisition.
impairment of investments in real estate we have identified certain non-core investment properties we intend to sell as part of our capital recycling strategy. our capital recycling program was designed to identify non-strategic and underperforming assets that can be sold to generate proceeds that will support the funding of our core investment activity. during this process, we have evaluated the carrying value of certain investment properties identified for potential sale to ensure the carrying value is recoverable in light of a potentially shorter holding period. as a result of our evaluation, during the year ended december 31, 2014, we recognized $126.5 million of impairment losses on five properties located in the midwest, northeast and west regions. as of december 31, 2014, these properties did not meet the criteria to be classified as held for sale. we had no impairment losses during the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015.
gain on sale of properties during the year ended december 31, 2016, we recognized a gain on sale of properties of $169.9 million primarily related to the disposition of (i) 47700 kato road and 1055 page avenue, which sold for $37.5 million in january 2016, (ii) a four-property portfolio composed of 210 n. tucker boulevard, 900 walnut street, 251 exchange place and 1807 michael faraday court, which sold for $114.5 million in the aggregate in july 2016, and (iii) 114 ambroise croizat, which sold for $212.0 million in august 2016.
during the year ended december 31, 2015, we recognized a gain on sale of properties of $94.6 million related to the disposition of 100 quannapowitt, which sold for $31.1 million in february 2015, 3300 east birch street, which sold for $14.2 million in march 2015, 833 chestnut street, which sold for $160.8 million in april 2015, and 650 randolph road, which sold for $9.2 million in december 2015.
index to financial statements during the year ended december 31, 2014, we recognized a gain on sale of property of $15.9 million, related to the disposition of 6 braham street, which sold for £25.0 million (or approximately $41.5 million based on the exchange rate as of april 7, 2014, the date of sale).
gain on contribution of properties to unconsolidated joint ventures during the year ended december 31, 2014, we recognized gains of $95.4 million related to the contribution of two properties to two unconsolidated joint ventures. we received net proceeds of approximately $178.9 million in connection with these two transactions and retained a 20% interest in each of the joint ventures. we had no transfers of properties to unconsolidated joint ventures during the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015.
liquidity and capital resources of the parent company in this "liquidity and capital resources of the parent company" section and in the "liquidity and capital resources of the operating partnership" section below, the term, our "parent company", refers to digital realty trust, inc. on an unconsolidated basis, excluding our operating partnership.
analysis of liquidity and capital resources our parent company's business is operated primarily through our operating partnership of which our parent company is the sole general partner and which it consolidates for financial reporting purposes. because our parent company operates on a consolidated basis with our operating partnership, the section entitled "liquidity and capital resources of the operating partnership" should be read in conjunction with this section to understand the liquidity and capital resources of our parent company on a consolidated basis and how our company is operated as a whole.
our parent company issues public equity from time to time, but generally does not otherwise generate any capital itself or conduct any business itself, other than incurring certain expenses in operating as a public company which are fully reimbursed by our operating partnership. our parent company itself does not hold any indebtedness other than guarantees of the indebtedness of our operating partnership and certain of its subsidiaries and affiliates and an intercompany loan that was made and repaid in 2015, and its only material asset is its ownership of partnership interests of our operating partnership. therefore, the consolidated assets and liabilities and the consolidated revenues and expenses of our parent company and our operating partnership are the same on their respective financial statements, except for immaterial differences related to cash, other assets and accrued liabilities that arise from public company expenses paid by our parent company and an intercompany loan that was made and repaid during 2015. however, all debt, other than the intercompany loan, is held directly or indirectly at our operating partnership level. our parent company's principal funding requirement is the payment of dividends on its common and preferred stock. our parent company's principal source of funding for its dividend payments is distributions it receives from our operating partnership.
as the sole general partner of our operating partnership, our parent company has the full, exclusive and complete responsibility for our operating partnership's day-to-day management and control. our parent company causes our operating partnership to distribute such portion of its available cash as our parent company may in its discretion determine, in the manner provided in our operating partnership's partnership agreement. our parent company receives proceeds from its equity issuances from time to time, but is generally required by our operating partnership's partnership agreement to contribute the proceeds from its equity issuances to our operating partnership in exchange for partnership units of our operating partnership.
our parent company is a well-known seasoned issuer with an effective shelf registration statement filed on april 20, 2015, which allows our parent company to register an unspecified amount of various classes of equity securities. as circumstances warrant, our parent company may issue equity from time to time on an opportunistic basis, dependent upon market conditions and available pricing. any proceeds from such equity issuances would be generally contributed to our operating partnership in exchange for additional equity interests in our operating partnership. our operating partnership may use the proceeds to acquire additional properties, to fund development opportunities and for general working capital purposes, including potentially for the repurchase, redemption or retirement of outstanding debt or equity securities.
the liquidity of our parent company is dependent on our operating partnership's ability to make sufficient distributions to our parent company. the primary cash requirement of our parent company is its payment of dividends to its stockholders. our parent company also guarantees our operating partnership's, as well as certain of its subsidiaries' and affiliates', unsecured debt. if our operating partnership or such subsidiaries fail to fulfill their debt requirements, which trigger parent
index to financial statements company guarantee obligations, then our parent company will be required to fulfill its cash payment commitments under such guarantees. however, our parent company's only material asset is its investment in our operating partnership.
we believe our operating partnership's sources of working capital, specifically its cash flow from operations, and funds available under its 2016 global revolving credit facility are adequate for it to make its distribution payments to our parent company and, in turn, for our parent company to make its dividend payments to its stockholders. however, we cannot assure you that our operating partnership's sources of capital will continue to be available at all or in amounts sufficient to meet its needs, including making distribution payments to our parent company. the lack of availability of capital could adversely affect our operating partnership's ability to pay its distributions to our parent company, which would in turn, adversely affect our parent company's ability to pay cash dividends to its stockholders.
on june 29, 2011, digital realty trust, inc. entered into equity distribution agreements, which we refer to as the 2011 equity distribution agreements, with each of merrill lynch, pierce, fenner & smith incorporated, citigroup global markets inc., credit suisse securities (usa) llc, deutsche bank securities inc. and morgan stanley & co. llc, or the agents, under which it could issue and sell shares of its common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $400.0 million from time to time through, at its discretion, any of the agents as its sales agents. the sales of common stock made under the 2011 equity distribution agreements will be made in "at the market" offerings as defined in rule 415 of the securities act. to date, digital realty trust, inc. has generated net proceeds of approximately $342.7 million from the issuance of approximately 5.7 million common shares under the 2011 equity distribution agreements at an average price of $60.35 per share after payment of approximately $3.5 million of commissions to the sales agents and before offering expenses. no sales were made under the program during the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015. as of december 31, 2016, shares of common stock having an aggregate offering price of $53.8 million remained available for offer and sale under the program.
future uses of cash our parent company may from time to time seek to retire, redeem or repurchase its equity or the debt securities of our operating partnership through cash purchases and/or exchanges for equity securities in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. such repurchases, redemptions or exchanges, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions or other factors. the amounts involved may be material.
we are also subject to the commitments discussed below under "dividends and distributions."
dividends and distributions our parent company is required to distribute 90% of its taxable income (excluding capital gains) on an annual basis in order for it to continue to qualify as a reit for federal income tax purposes. accordingly, our parent company intends to make, but is not contractually bound to make, regular quarterly distributions to its common stockholders from cash flow from our operating partnership's operating activities. while historically our parent company has satisfied this distribution requirement by making cash distributions to its stockholders, it may choose to satisfy this requirement by making distributions of cash or other property. all such distributions are at the discretion of our parent company's board of directors. our parent company considers market factors and our operating partnership's performance in addition to reit requirements in determining distribution levels. our parent company has distributed at least 100% of its taxable income annually since inception to minimize corporate level federal income taxes. amounts accumulated for distribution to stockholders are invested primarily in interest-bearing accounts and short-term interest-bearing securities, which are consistent with our intention to maintain our parent company's status as a reit.
as a result of this distribution requirement, our operating partnership cannot rely on retained earnings to fund its on-going operations to the same extent that other companies whose parent companies are not reits can. our parent company may need to continue to raise capital in the debt and equity markets to fund our operating partnership's working capital needs, as well as potential developments at new or existing properties, acquisitions or investments in existing or newly created joint ventures. in addition, our parent company may be required to use borrowings under our 2016 global revolving credit facility, if necessary, to meet reit distribution requirements and maintain our parent company's reit status.
index to financial statements our parent company declared the following dividends on its common and preferred stock during the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 (in thousands, except per share amounts):
(6)   redeemed on september 15, 2016 for $25.35972 per share, or a redemption price of $25.00 per share, plus accrued and unpaid dividends up to but not including the redemption date of approximately $4.1 million in the aggregate. in connection with the redemption, the previously incurred offering costs of approximately $10.3 million were deducted in the computation of net income available to common stockholders.
distributions out of our parent company's current or accumulated earnings and profits are generally classified as ordinary income whereas distributions in excess of our parent company's current and accumulated earnings and profits, to the extent of a stockholder's u.s. federal income tax basis in our parent company's stock, are generally classified as a return of capital. distributions in excess of a stockholder's u.s. federal income tax basis in our parent company's stock are generally characterized as capital gain. cash provided by operating activities has been generally sufficient to fund distributions on an annual basis, however, we may also need to utilize borrowings under the 2016 global revolving credit facility to fund distributions.
the expected tax treatment of distributions on our parent company's common and preferred stock paid in 2016 is as follows: approximately 98% ordinary income and 2% capital gain distribution. the tax treatment of distributions on our parent company's common and preferred stock paid in 2015 was as follows: approximately 94% ordinary income and 6% capital gain distribution. the tax treatment of distributions on our parent company's common and preferred stock paid in 2014 was as follows: approximately 82% ordinary income and 18% capital gain distribution.
liquidity and capital resources of the operating partnership in this "liquidity and capital resources of the operating partnership" section, the terms "we", "our" and "us" refer to our operating partnership together with its consolidated subsidiaries or our operating partnership and our parent company together with their consolidated subsidiaries, as the context requires.
index to financial statements analysis of liquidity and capital resources our parent company is our sole general partner and consolidates our results of operations for financial reporting purposes. because we operate on a consolidated basis with our parent company, the section entitled "liquidity and capital resources of the parent company" should be read in conjunction with this section to understand our liquidity and capital resources on a consolidated basis.
as of december 31, 2016, we had $10.5 million of cash and cash equivalents, excluding $11.5 million of restricted cash. restricted cash primarily consists of contractual capital expenditures plus other deposits.
our short-term liquidity requirements primarily consist of operating expenses, development costs and other expenditures associated with our properties, distributions to our parent company in order for it to make dividend payments on its preferred stock, distributions to our parent company in order for it to make dividend payments to its stockholders required to maintain its reit status, distributions to the unitholders in our operating partnership, capital expenditures, debt service on our loans and, potentially, acquisitions. we expect to meet our short-term liquidity requirements through net cash provided by operations, restricted cash accounts established for certain future payments and by drawing upon our 2016 global revolving credit facility.
on january 15, 2016, we refinanced our global revolving credit facility and entered into a global senior credit agreement for a $2.0 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility, which we refer to as the 2016 global revolving credit facility, that replaced the $2.0 billion revolving credit facility executed on august 15, 2013, as amended. the 2016 global revolving credit facility has an accordion feature that would enable us to increase the borrowing capacity of the credit facility to up to $2.5 billion, subject to the receipt of lender commitments and other conditions precedent. the refinanced facility matures on january 15, 2020, with two six-month extension options available. the interest rate for borrowings under the 2016 global revolving credit facility equals the applicable index plus a margin which is based on the credit ratings of our long-term debt and is currently 100 basis points. an annual facility fee on the total commitment amount of the facility, based on the credit ratings of our long-term debt, currently 20 basis points, is payable quarterly. funds may be drawn in u.s., canadian, singapore, australian and hong kong dollars, as well as euro, british pound sterling and japanese yen. as of december 31, 2016, borrowings under the global revolving credit facility bore interest at an overall blended rate of 1.38% composed of 1.67% (u.s. dollars), 1.25% (british pound sterling), 0.63% (euros), 1.66% (hong kong dollars), 0.92% (japanese yen), 1.52% (singapore dollar) and 1.92% (canadian dollars). the interest rates were based on 1-month libor, 1-month gbp libor, 1-month euribor, 1-month hibor, 1-month jpy libor, 1-month sor and 1-month cdor, respectively, plus a margin of 1.00%. we have used and intend to use borrowings under the 2016 global revolving credit facility to acquire additional properties, fund development opportunities and to provide for working capital and other corporate purposes. the 2016 global revolving credit facility contains various restrictive covenants, including limitations on our ability to incur additional indebtedness, make certain investments or merge with another company, and requirements to maintain financial coverage ratios, including with respect to unencumbered assets. in addition, the 2016 global revolving credit facility restricts digital realty trust, inc. from making distributions to its stockholders, or redeeming or otherwise repurchasing shares of its capital stock, after the occurrence and during the continuance of an event of default, except in limited circumstances including as necessary to enable digital realty trust, inc. to maintain its qualification as a reit and to minimize the payment of income or excise tax. as of december 31, 2016, we were in compliance with all of such covenants. as of december 31, 2016, we have capitalized approximately $10.9 million of financing costs, net of accumulated amortization, related to the 2016 global revolving credit facility. as of december 31, 2016, approximately $210.1 million was drawn under this facility and $20.0 million of letters of credit were issued, leaving approximately $1.8 billion available for use.
on january 15, 2016, we refinanced our senior unsecured multi-currency term loan facility and entered into a term loan agreement, which governs (i) a $1.25 billion 5-year senior unsecured term loan, which we refer to as the 5-year term loan, and (ii) a $300 million 7-year senior unsecured term loan, which we refer to as the 7-year term loan. the 2016 term loan agreement replaced the $1.0 billion term loan agreement executed on april 16, 2012, as amended. the 5-year term loan matures on january 15, 2021 and the 7-year term loan matures on january 15, 2023. in addition, we have the ability from time to time to increase the aggregate size of lending under the 2016 term loan agreement from $1.55 billion to up to $1.8 billion, subject to receipt of lender commitments and other conditions precedent. interest rates are based on our senior unsecured debt ratings and are currently 110 basis points and 155 basis points over the applicable index for floating rate advances for the 5-year term loan and the 7-year term loan, respectively. funds may be drawn in u.s., canadian, singapore, australian and hong kong dollars, as well as euro, british pound sterling and japanese yen. based on exchange rates in effect at december 31, 2016, the balance outstanding is approximately $1.5 billion, excluding deferred financing costs. we have used borrowings under the term loan for acquisitions, repayment of indebtedness, development, working capital and general corporate purposes. the covenants under the term loans are consistent with our 2016 global revolving credit facility and, as of december 31, 2016, we were in compliance with all of such covenants. as of december 31, 2016, we have capitalized approximately $6.1 million, of financing costs, net of accumulated amortization, related to the 2016 unsecured term loans.
index to financial statements for a discussion of the potential impact of current global economic and market conditions on our liquidity and capital resources, see "-factors which may influence future results of operations-global market and economic conditions" above.
our parent company commenced its at-the-market equity distribution program in june 2011, which is discussed under "liquidity and capital resources of the parent company" above. to date, our parent company has generated net proceeds of approximately $342.7 million from the issuance of approximately 5.7 million shares of common stock under the program at an average price of $60.35 per share after payment of approximately $3.5 million of commissions to the sales agents before offering expenses. the proceeds from the issuances were contributed to us in exchange for the issuance of approximately 5.7 million common units to our parent company. no sales were made under the program during the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015. as of december 31, 2016, shares of common stock having an aggregate offering price of $53.8 million remained available for offer and sale under the program.
the parent company granted equinix an option to acquire our facility in 114 rue ambroise croizat in paris. equinix elected to exercise its option to acquire the paris property, and on july 2, 2016, we entered into an agreement to sell the property to equinix for approximately €190 million (or approximately $212 million based on the exchange rate as of august 1, 2016). the paris property sale closed on august 1, 2016. we recognized a gain on the sale of approximately $144.3 million in the third quarter of 2016. this property was classified as held for sale as of june 30, 2016.
the growing acceptance by private institutional investors of the data center asset class has generally pushed capitalization rates lower as such private investors typically have lower return expectations than we do. as a result, we anticipate that near-term acquisitions activity will comprise a smaller percentage of our growth until seller price expectations realign with our return requirements.
(3)   represents estimated cost to complete specific scope of work pursuant to contract, budget or approved capital plan.
land inventory and space held for development reflect cumulative cost spent pending future development. base building construction consists of ongoing improvements to building infrastructure in preparation for future data center fit-out. datacenter construction includes 0.8 million square feet of turn key flex®, colocation and powered base building® products with a cost to date of approximately $309.1 million. generally, we expect to deliver the space within 12 months; however, lease commencement dates may significantly impact final delivery schedules. equipment pool and other inventory represent the value of long-lead time equipment and materials required for timely deployment and delivery of data center construction fit-out. campus, tenant improvements and other costs include the value of development work which benefits space recently converted to our operating portfolio and is composed primarily of shared infrastructure projects and first-generation tenant improvements.
future uses of cash our properties require periodic investments of capital for tenant-related capital expenditures and for general capital improvements. as of december 31, 2016, we had approximately 2.0 million square feet of space under active development and approximately 1.1 million square feet of space held for future development and we also owned approximately 0.6 million net rentable square feet of data center space with extensive installed tenant improvements. turn-key flex® space is move-in-ready space for the placement of computer and network equipment required to provide a data center environment. depending on demand for additional turn-key flex® space, we expect to incur significant tenant improvement costs to build out and develop these types of spaces. at december 31, 2016, approximately 2.0 million square feet was under construction for turn-key flex®, colocation and powered base building® products, all of which are expected to be income producing on or after completion, in six u.s. domestic metropolitan areas, three european metropolitan areas, one canadian metropolitan area and one asian metropolitan area, consisting of approximately 1.2 million square feet of base building construction and 0.8 million square feet of data center construction. at december 31, 2016, we had commitments under construction contracts for approximately $320.9 million. we currently expect to incur approximately $0.8 billion to $1.0 billion of capital expenditures
index to financial statements for our development programs during the year ending december 31, 2017, although this amount may increase or decrease, potentially materially, based on numerous factors, including changes in demand, leasing results and availability of debt or equity capital.
historical capital expenditures year ended december 31,
recurring capital expenditures                               75,476                    91,876
total capital expenditures (excluding indirect costs)      $654,189                  $626,721
for the year ended december 31, 2016, total capital expenditures increased $27.5 million to approximately $654.2 million from $626.7 million for the same period in 2015. capital expenditures on our development projects plus our enhancement and improvements projects for the year ended december 31, 2016 were approximately $578.7 million, which reflects an increase of approximately 8% from the same period in 2015. this increase was primarily due to increased spending for ground-up development projects, turn-key flex and base building improvements. our development capital expenditures are generally funded by our available cash and equity and debt capital.
indirect costs related to construction and leasing activities, including capitalized interest, capitalized in the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015 were $85.2 million and $69.6 million, respectively. capitalized interest comprised approximately $16.3 million and $12.9 million, respectively, of the total indirect costs capitalized for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015. capitalized interest in the year ended december 31, 2016 increased compared to the same period in 2015 due to an increase in qualifying activities. excluding capitalized interest, the indirect costs increased in the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 due primarily to capitalized amounts relating to compensation expense of employees directly engaged in construction and leasing activities. see "-future uses of cash" above for a discussion of the amount of capital expenditures we expect to incur during the year ending december 31, 2017.
the environmental cleanup work required at the 47700 kato road and 1055 page avenue property resulting from a prior tenant's activities has been completed. the prior tenant of these buildings completed most of the remaining required environmental cleanup work.  in january 2016, we sold this property to an unrelated third party. we continue to seek recovery of past costs incurred for previous environmental cleanup work, as well as other damages.  we cannot at this time estimate the likelihood of recovery or the impact on our financial condition and results of operations, however, the amounts are not expected to be material.
we are also subject to the commitments discussed below under "commitments and contingencies," "off-balance sheet arrangements" and "distributions."
we actively pursue opportunities for potential acquisitions, with due diligence and negotiations often at different stages at different times. the dollar value of acquisitions for the year ending december 31, 2017 will be based on numerous factors, including tenant demand, leasing results, availability of debt or equity capital and acquisition opportunities.
we may from time to time seek to retire or repurchase our outstanding debt or the equity of our parent company through cash purchases and/or exchanges for equity securities of our parent company in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. such repurchases or exchanges, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions or other factors. the amounts involved may be material.
we expect to meet our short- and long-term liquidity requirements, including to pay for scheduled debt maturities and to fund property acquisitions and non-recurring capital improvements, with net cash from operations, future long-term secured and unsecured indebtedness and the issuance of equity and debt securities and the proceeds of equity issuances by our parent company. we also may fund future short- and long-term liquidity requirements, including property acquisitions and non-recurring capital improvements using our 2016 global revolving credit facility pending permanent financing. if we are not able to obtain additional financing on terms attractive to us, or at all, including as a result of the circumstances described above under "factors which may influence future results of operations-global market and economic conditions", we may be required to reduce our acquisition or capital expenditure plans, which could have a material adverse effect upon our business and results of operations.
index to financial statements distributions all distributions on our units are at the discretion of our parent company's board of directors. in 2016, 2015 and 2014, our operating partnership declared the following distributions (in thousands):
date distribution                      distribution payable date                      series e preferred units               series f preferred units         series g preferred units         series h preferred units         series i preferred units                         common declared                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          units february 11, 2014                      march 31, 2014                                        $5,031                                 $3,023                           $3,672                               $-                    $-                                        $109,378        (1)
november 4, 2014                       december 31, 2014 for preferred units;                 5,031                                  3,023                            3,672                            6,730                    -                                          115,016        (1)
january 15, 2015 for common units
november 12, 2015                      december 31, 2015 for preferred units;                 5,031                                  3,023                            3,672                            6,730                    5,600                            (4)       126,827        (3)
january 15, 2016 for common units
november 9, 2016                       december 31, 2016 for preferred units;                     -                                  3,023                            3,672                            6,730                    3,969                                      144,193        (5)
january 13, 2017 for common units
annual rate of distribution per unit                                                                    $1.750                                 $1.656                           $1.469                           $1.844         $1.588
(1)   $3.320 annual rate of distribution per unit.
(3)   $3.400 annual rate of distribution per unit.
(5)   $3.520 annual rate of distribution per unit.
(6)   redeemed on september 15, 2016 for $25.35972 per unit, or a redemption price of $25.00 per unit, plus accrued and unpaid dividends up to but not including the redemption date of approximately $4.1 million in the aggregate. in connection with the redemption, the previously incurred offering costs of approximately $10.3 million were deducted in the computation of net income available to common unitholders.
commitments and contingencies as part of the acquisition of 29a international business park, the seller could earn additional consideration based on future net operating income growth in excess of certain performance targets, as defined in the agreements for the acquisition. the earnout contingency expires in november 2020. the maximum amount that could be earned by the seller is $50.0 million sgd (or approximately $34.5 million based on the exchange rate as of december 31, 2016). as of december 31, 2014, $12.6 million had been accrued related to this earnout agreement, which was subsequently paid in 2015. during 2015 and 2016, the remaining performance targets were achieved and the company accrued an additional $23.8 million. the remaining earnout payments were made in 2016 per the terms of the earnout agreement. the amounts accrued were discounted based on their expected payment date and capitalized to building and improvements as the original purchase was accounted for as an asset acquisition.
one of the tenants at our convergence business park property has an option to expand as part of their lease agreement, which expires in april 2017. as part of this option, development activities were not permitted on specifically identified expansion space within the property until april 2014. from april 2014 through april 2017, the tenant has the right of first refusal on any third party's bona fide offer to buy the adjacent land. if the tenant exercises its option, we may either construct and lease to the tenant an additional shell building on the expansion space at a stipulated rate of return on cost or sell the existing building and the expansion space to the tenant for a price of approximately $24.0 million and $225,000 per acre,
index to financial statements respectively, plus additional adjustments as provided in the lease. as of december 31, 2016, the tenant had yet to exercise its option.
as part of the acquisition of the sentrum portfolio, the seller could earn additional consideration based on future net returns on vacant space to be developed, but not currently leased, as defined in the purchase agreement for the acquisition. the initial estimate of fair value of the contingent consideration liability was approximately £56.5 million (or approximately $87.6 million based on the exchange rate as of july 11, 2012, the acquisition date). we have adjusted the contingent consideration to fair value at each reporting date with changes in fair value recognized in operating income. during the year ended december 31, 2015, we reduced the fair value by approximately £30.3 million (or approximately $45.9 million). the adjustment was the result of an evaluation by management that no additional leases would be executed for vacant space by july 11, 2015, the contingency expiration date. the final payment on the earnout was made in august 2015. we made earnout payments of approximately £0.7 million (or approximately $1.1 million based on the exchange rates as of the date of each payment) during the year ended december 31, 2015. during the year ended december 31, 2014, we made earnout payments of approximately £6.2 million (or approximately $10.3 million based on the exchange rates as of the date of each payment). from the acquisition date through december 31, 2015, we made earnout payments of approximately £23.8 million (or approximately $37.2 million based on the exchange rates as of the date of each payment). the earn-out contingency expired in july 2015. the change in fair value of contingent consideration for sentrum was recorded as a reduction to operating expense of approximately $0.0 million, $43.0 million and $8.4 million for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
on july 22, 2015, we entered into a settlement agreement with former chief executive officer michael foust, pursuant to which the parties acknowledged the cancellation of 127,644 profits interest units in the operating partnership held by mr. foust, and we agreed to pay mr. foust $8.0 million in full satisfaction of any and all amounts owing to mr. foust as a result of his employment with the company and the termination thereof. in connection with the settlement, mr. foust and the company agreed to dismiss with prejudice the litigation between the parties relating to mr. foust's employment and termination of employment, and each party released claims against the other party. we previously recorded an expense of approximately $12.7 million in connection with mr. foust's severance payments and reversed the excess expense of approximately $4.6 million in the three months ending september 30, 2015 as a reduction to general and administrative expense in the consolidated income statement.
we are currently a party to litigation related to the release of a sublease guarantee that was provided by one of our subsidiaries.  certain parties are seeking to invalidate the release, which freed our subsidiary from any further obligations under the sublease guarantee.  we cannot at this time reliably estimate the likelihood of success or the impact on our financial condition and results of operations, however, the amounts are not expected to be material.
as of december 31, 2016, we were a party to interest rate swap agreements which hedge variability in cash flows related the u.s. libor and sgd-sor based tranches of the unsecured term loan. under these swaps, we pay variable-rate amounts in exchange for fixed-rate payments over the life of the agreements without exchange of the underlying principal amounts. see item 7a "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
(1)   includes $210.1 million of borrowings under our 2016 global revolving credit facility and $1.5 billion of borrowings under our unsecured term loan and excludes $0.3 million of loan premiums related to assumed mortgage loans, $3.2 million discount on the 5.875% 2020 notes, $0.9 million discount on the 3.400% 2020 notes, $0.4 million discount on the 2021 notes, $2.4 million discount on the 3.625% 2022 notes, $3.1 million discount on the 3.950% 2022 notes, $1.7 million on the 2023 notes, $1.2 million on the 2024 notes and $2.7 million on the 4.250% 2025 notes. all amounts exclude deferred financing costs.
(3)   this is comprised of ground lease payments on 2010 east centennial circle, chemin de l'epinglier 2, clonshaugh industrial estate i and ii, paul van vlissingenstraat 16, gyroscoopweg 2e-2f, naritaweg 52, manchester technopark and 29a international business park. after february 2036, rent for the remaining term of the 2010 east centennial circle ground lease will be determined based on a fair market value appraisal of the asset and, as a result, is excluded from the above information. after december 2036, rent for the remaining term of the naritaweg 52 ground lease will be determined based on a fair market value appraisal of the asset and, as a result, is excluded from the above information. the chemin de l'epinglier 2 ground lease which expires in july 2074 contains potential inflation increases which are not reflected in the table above. the paul van vlissingenstraat 16, chemin de l'epinglier 2, gyroscoopweg 2e-2f, naritaweg 52 and clonshaugh industrial estate i and ii amounts are translated at the december 31, 2016 exchange rate of $1.05 to €1.00. the manchester technopark amounts are translated at the december 31, 2016 exchange rate of $1.23 to £1.00. the 29a international business park amounts are translated at the december 31, 2016 exchange rate of $0.69 to s$1.00.
(4)   from time to time in the normal course of our business, we enter into various construction contracts with third parties that may obligate us to make payments. at december 31, 2016, we had open commitments related to construction contracts of $320.9 million.
index to financial statements outstanding consolidated indebtedness the table below summarizes our debt maturities and principal payments as of december 31, 2016 (in thousands):
global revolving credit facility (1)         unsecured term loan        prudential shelf facility (2)               senior notes           mortgage loans                   total debt
(1)   subject to two six-month extension options exercisable by us. the bank group is obligated to grant the extension options provided we give proper notice, we make certain representations and warranties and no default exists under the global revolving credit facility, as applicable.
(2)   on january 20, 2017, we repaid the $50.0 million of 5.73% series e unsecured notes under the prudential shelf facility.
as of december 31, 2016, we had approximately $5.9 billion of outstanding consolidated long-term debt as set forth in the table above. our ratio of debt to total enterprise value was approximately 26% (based on the closing price of digital realty trust, inc.'s common stock on december 31, 2016 of $98.26). for this purpose, our total enterprise value is defined as the sum of the market value of digital realty trust, inc.'s outstanding common stock (which may decrease, thereby increasing our debt to total enterprise value ratio), excluding options issued under our incentive award plan, plus the liquidation value of digital realty trust, inc.'s preferred stock, plus the aggregate value of our operating partnership's units not held by digital realty trust, inc. (with the per unit value equal to the market value of one share of digital realty trust, inc.'s common stock and excluding long-term incentive units, class c units and class d units), plus the book value of our total consolidated indebtedness.
index to financial statements the variable rate debt shown above bore interest at interest rates based on various one-month libor, euribor, gbp libor, sor, bbr, hibor, jpy libor, cdor and u.s. prime rates, depending on the respective agreement governing the debt, including our global revolving credit facility and unsecured term loan. as of december 31, 2016, our debt had a weighted average term to initial maturity of approximately 5.4 years (or approximately 5.4 years assuming exercise of extension options).
off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2016, we were party to interest rate swap agreements related to $1.1 billion of outstanding principal on our variable rate debt. see item 7a "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
net cash provided by operating activities                   $912,262                  $799,232                $655,888
net cash used in investing activities                     (1,299,431    )           (2,526,022    )           (644,180    )
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities          351,931                 1,749,029                 (26,974    )
cash provided by operating activities in 2016 increased approximately $113.0 million over 2015 and cash provided by operating activities in 2015 increased approximately $143.3 million over 2014. the 2016 increase in net cash provided by operating activities was due to the telx acquisition and european portfolio acquisition and increased revenues from new leasing at our stabilized properties, completed and leased development space which was partially offset by increased operating and interest expenses. the 2015 increase is due to the acquisition of telx and increased revenues from new leasing at our stabilized properties, completed and leased development space which was partially offset by increased operating and interest expenses. our portfolio consisted of 145 operating properties at december 31, 2016 versus 139 operating properties as of december 31, 2015 and 131 operating properties as of december 31, 2014.
net cash used in investing activities in 2016 decreased $1.2 billion over 2015 due to decreased acquisition activity, partially offset by proceeds from property sales of $359.3 million in 2016 as compared to $185.6 million in 2015. net cash used in investing activities in 2015 increased $1.9 billion over 2014 due to the acquisition of telx, partially offset by proceeds from property sales of $185.6 million.
index to financial statements net cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities for the company consisted of the following amounts (in thousands).
net proceeds from issuance of common and preferred stock, including equity plans     1,090,171                   919,840                 353,376
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                                   $351,931                $1,749,029                $(26,974    )
the decrease in cash provided by financing activities was a result of lower net repayments on borrowings along with the sale of common stock, issuance of series i preferred stock, and the sale of unsecured notes due 2020, 2022 and 2025 in the year ended december 31, 2015 as compared to 2016, which included the issuance of common stock offset by the redemption of our series e preferred stock, in addition to higher dividend and distribution payments. the increase in dividend and distribution payments for the year ended december 31, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015 was due to an increase in the number of shares outstanding and dividend amount per share of common stock in 2016 as compared to 2015 and the payment of dividends on our series i preferred stock during the year ended december 31, 2016, whereas this series of preferred stock was not outstanding for the entire year ended december 31, 2015.
the cash provided by financing activities in 2015 reflect a $1.8 billion increase over 2014. the increase is a result of lower net repayments on borrowings along with the sale of common stock, issuance of series i preferred stock, and the sale of unsecured notes due 2020, 2022 and 2025 in 2015. taken together, 2015 financing activities primarily supported the acquisition of telx. the increase in dividend and distribution payments for the year ended december 31, 2015 as compared to the same period in 2014 was due to an increase in the number of shares outstanding and dividend amount per share of common stock in 2015 as compared to 2014 and the payment of dividends on series h preferred stock and series i preferred stock during the year ended december 31, 2015, whereas these series of preferred stock were not outstanding for the entire-or, in the case of the series i preferred stock, any portion of-the year ended december 31, 2014.
net cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities for the operating partnership consisted of the following amounts (in thousands).
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities      $351,931                $1,749,029                $(26,974    )
the decrease in cash provided by financing activities was a result of lower net repayments on borrowings along with the sale of common units, issuance of series i preferred units, and the sale of unsecured notes due 2020, 2022 and 2025 in the year ended december 31, 2015 as compared to 2016, which included the issuance of common units offset by the redemption of our series e preferred units, in addition to higher distribution payments. the increase in distribution payments for the year ended december 31, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015 was due to an increase in the number of units outstanding and distribution amount per common unit in 2016 as compared to 2015 and the payment of distributions on our series i preferred units during the year ended december 31, 2016, whereas this series of preferred units was not outstanding for the entire year ended december 31, 2015.
index to financial statements the cash provided by financing activities in 2015 reflect a $1.8 billion increase over 2014. the increase is a result of lower net repayments on borrowings along with $919.8 million of general partner contributions, and the sale of unsecured notes due 2020, 2022, 2025 and 2020 in 2015. taken together, 2015 financing activities primarily supported the acquisition of telx. the increase in distribution payments for the year ended december 31, 2015 as compared to the same period in 2014 was due to an increase in the number of units outstanding and distribution amount per common unit in 2015 as compared to 2014 and the payment of distributions on our series h preferred units and series i preferred units during the year ended december 31, 2015, whereas these series of preferred units were not outstanding for the entire-or, in the case of the series i preferred units, any portion of-the year ended december 31, 2014.
noncontrolling interests in operating partnership noncontrolling interests relate to the common units in our operating partnership that are not owned by digital realty trust, inc., which, as of december 31, 2016, amounted to 1.5% of our operating partnership common units. in conjunction with our formation, our operating partnership issued common units to third party sellers in connection with our acquisition of real estate interests from such third parties.
limited partners who acquired common units in connection with our formation have the right to require our operating partnership to redeem part or all of their common units for cash based upon the fair market value of an equivalent number of shares of digital realty trust, inc. common stock at the time of the redemption. alternatively, we may elect to acquire those common units in exchange for shares of digital realty trust, inc. common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits, stock dividends, issuance of stock rights, specified extraordinary distributions and similar events. pursuant to registration rights agreements we entered into with third party contributors, we filed a shelf registration statement covering the issuance of the shares of our common stock issuable upon redemption of the common units, and the resale of those shares of common stock by the holders.
inflation many of our leases provide for separate real estate tax and operating expense escalations. in addition, many of the leases provide for fixed base rent increases. we believe that inflationary increases may be at least partially offset by the contractual rent increases and expense escalations described above.
funds from operations we calculate funds from operations, or ffo, in accordance with the standards established by the national association of real estate investment trusts, or nareit. ffo represents net income (loss) (computed in accordance with gaap), excluding gains (or losses) from sales of property, excluding a gain from a pre-existing relationship, impairment charges, real estate related depreciation and amortization (excluding amortization of deferred financing costs) and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures. management uses ffo as a supplemental performance measure because, in excluding real estate related depreciation and amortization and gains and losses from property dispositions and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures, it provides a performance measure that, when compared year over year, captures trends in occupancy rates, rental rates and operating costs. we also believe that, as a widely recognized measure of the performance of reits, ffo will be used by investors as a basis to compare our operating performance with that of other reits. however, because ffo excludes depreciation and amortization and captures neither the changes in the value of our properties that result from use or market conditions, nor the level of capital expenditures and capitalized leasing commissions necessary to maintain the operating performance of our properties, all of which have real economic effect and could materially impact our financial condition and results from operations, the utility of ffo as a measure of our performance is limited. other reits may not calculate ffo in accordance with the nareit definition and, accordingly, our ffo may not be comparable to such other reits' ffo. accordingly, ffo should be considered only as a supplement to net income computed in accordance with gaap as a measure of our performance.
(in thousands, except per share and unit data)
(unaudited)
gain on settlement of pre-existing relationships with telx                                                           -                 (14,355    )                  -
ffo available to common stockholders and unitholders (2)                                                      $867,662                $687,896                $691,966
basic ffo per share and unit                                                                                     $5.69                   $4.88                   $5.08
diluted ffo per share and unit (2)                                                                               $5.67                   $4.86                   $5.04
weighted average common stock and units outstanding basic                                                                                                          152,360                 140,906                 136,123
(2)   for all periods presented, we have excluded the effect of dilutive series e, series f, series g, series h and series i preferred stock, as applicable, that may be converted upon the occurrence of specified change in control transactions as described in the articles supplementary governing the series e, series f, series g, series h and series i preferred stock, as applicable, which we consider highly improbable. in addition, the 5.50% exchangeable senior debentures due 2029 were exchangeable for 0, 0 and 1,958 common shares on a weighted average basis for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. see below for calculations of diluted ffo available to common stockholders and unitholders and weighted average common stock and units outstanding.
ffo available to common stockholders and unitholders                                                                              $867,662                $687,896                $691,966
ffo available to common stockholders and unitholders-diluted                                                                      $867,662                $687,896                $696,691
weighted average common stock and units outstanding                                                                                152,360                 140,906                 136,123
add: effect of dilutive securities (excluding series d convertible preferred stock and 5.50% exchangeable senior debentures)           726                     618                     287
weighted average common stock and units outstanding-diluted                                                                        153,086                 141,524                 138,368
index to financial statements new accounting pronouncements issued but not yet adopted in may 2014, the financial accounting standards board, or fasb, issued accounting standards update, or asu, no. 2014-09, "revenue from contracts with customers", and since that date has issued several additional asus intended to clarify certain aspects of asu 2014-09 and to provide for certain practical expedients entities can elect upon adoption. collectively, these asus outline a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenues arising from contracts with customers. while lease contracts with customers, which constitute the vast majority of our revenues, are a specific scope exception, this update may have implications in certain variable payment terms included in lease agreements. the standard is effective for the company on january 1, 2018, with early adoption permitted. the standard permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method and permits the use of certain practical expedients we currently anticipate using the cumulative effect transition method, however, this determination is subject to change. as the standard does not significantly impact lessor accounting, we do not believe adoption will have a material impact on our accounting for rental revenue. in addition, we do not anticipate a significant impact to our accounting for certain of our revenue streams which are not based on contractually specified lease amounts, including interconnection, tenant reimbursement and other revenue.
in march 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-09, "improvements to employee share-based payment accounting," which provides for simplification of certain aspects of employee share-based payment accounting including income taxes, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. the amendments in this standard must be applied prospectively, retrospectively, or as of the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the year of adoption, depending on the type of amendment. we adopted asu 2016-09 as of january 1, 2017, and it will not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
in february 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-02, leases (topic 842), which sets out the principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of leases for both parties to a contract (i.e., lessees and lessors). the new standard requires lessees to apply a dual approach, classifying leases as either finance or operating leases based on the principle of whether or not the lease is effectively a financed purchase by the lessee. this classification will determine whether lease expense is recognized based on an effective interest method or on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. a lessee is also required to record a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for all leases with a term of greater than 12 months regardless of their classification. accounting for leases with a term of 12 months or less will be similar to existing guidance for operating leases today. the new standard requires lessors to account for leases using an approach that is substantially equivalent to existing guidance for sales-type leases, direct financing leases and operating leases. asu 2016-02 is expected to impact the company's consolidated financial statements as the company has certain operating and land lease arrangements for which it is the lessee. asu 2016-02 supersedes the previous leases standard, leases (topic 840). the standard is effective on january 1, 2019, with early adoption permitted. a set of practical expedients for implementation, which must be elected as a package and for all leases, may also be elected. these practical expedients include relief from re-assessing lease classification at the adoption date for expired or existing leases, although a right-of-use asset and lease liability would still be recorded for such leases. we are currently assessing the method of adoption and the impact that asu 2016-02 will have on our consolidated financial statements.
in november 2016, the fasb issued an asu that will require companies to include restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents with cash and cash equivalents when reconciling the beginning-of-period and end-of-period total amounts shown on the statement of cash flows. the asu will require a disclosure of a reconciliation between the statement of financial position and the statement of cash flows when the statement of financial position includes more than one line item for cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents. entities with material restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents balances will be required to disclose the nature of the restrictions. the asu is effective for reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted, and will be applied retrospectively to all periods presented. as of december 31, 2016 and 2015, we had $11.5 million and $18.0 million of restricted cash, respectively, in our consolidated balance sheets. upon adoption of this asu, restricted cash balances will be included along with cash and cash equivalents as of the end of period and beginning of period, respectively, in our consolidated statement of cash flows for all periods presented; separate line items showing changes in restricted cash balances will be eliminated from our consolidated statement of cash flows.
in january 2017, the fasb issued asu 2017-01, "clarifying the definition of a business (topic 805)." asu 2017-01 clarifies the definition of a business and provides further guidance for evaluating whether a transaction will be accounted for as an acquisition of an asset or a business. asu 2017-01 is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after december 15, 2017, and early adoption is permitted. the update should be applied prospectively. we adopted asu 2017-01 as of january 1, 2017 and the adoption did not require any additional disclosures. we believe most of our future
index to financial statements acquisitions of operating properties will qualify as asset acquisitions and most future transaction costs associated with these acquisitions will be capitalized.