item 1a. risk factors our business and operations are subject to many risks. the risks described below may not be the only risks we face, as our business and operations may also be subject to risks that we do not yet know of, or that we currently believe are immaterial. if any of the events or circumstances described below actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected and the trading price of our common stock could decline. the following risk factors should be read in conjunction with the other information contained herein, including the consolidated financial statements and the related notes. unless the context requires otherwise, "we," "us," "our" and "eog" refer to eog resources, inc. and its subsidiaries.
crude oil, natural gas and ngl prices are volatile, and the substantial and extended decline in commodity prices has had, and may continue to have, a material and adverse effect on us.
•   domestic and international drilling activity;
•   the price and quantity of imported and exported crude oil, ngls and natural gas;
•   weather conditions and changes in weather patterns;
•   the availability, proximity and capacity of appropriate transportation facilities, gathering, processing and compression facilities and refining facilities;
•   worldwide economic and political conditions, including political instability or armed conflict in oil and gas producing regions;
•   the price and availability of, and demand for, competing energy sources, including alternative energy sources;
•   the nature and extent of governmental regulation, including environmental regulation, regulation of derivatives transactions and hedging activities, tax laws and regulations and laws and regulations with respect to the import and export of crude oil, natural gas and related commodities;
•   the level and effect of trading in commodity futures markets, including trading by commodity price speculators and others; and
governmental actions may also affect crude oil, natural gas, and ngl prices. it is uncertain what impact the election of the new administration and the new congress will have on the exploration for, and production of, crude oil, natural gas and ngls.
beginning in the fourth quarter of 2014 and continuing through 2016, crude oil prices substantially declined. in addition, natural gas and ngl prices began to decline substantially in the second quarter of 2014, and such lower prices continued during 2016. the above-described factors and the volatility of commodity prices make it difficult to predict future crude oil, natural gas and ngl prices. as a result, we cannot predict how long these lower prices will continue and, while commodity prices increased somewhat during 2016 from 2014 and 2015 levels, there can be no assurance of further and/or sustained price increases or that the prices for crude oil, natural gas and/or ngls will not again decline.
our cash flows and results of operations depend to a great extent on prevailing commodity prices. accordingly, substantial and extended declines in commodity prices can materially and adversely affect the amount of cash flows we have available for our capital expenditures and other operating expenses, our ability to access the credit and capital markets and our results of operations.
lower commodity prices can also reduce the amount of crude oil, natural gas and ngls that we can produce economically. substantial declines in the prices of these commodities can render uneconomic a significant portion of our exploration, development and exploitation projects, resulting in our having to make significant downward adjustments to our estimated proved reserves. as a result, prolonged or substantial declines in commodity prices can materially and adversely affect our future business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and ability to finance our capital expenditures and, in turn, the trading price of our common stock.
in addition, significant prolonged decreases in commodity prices may cause the expected future cash flows from our properties to fall below their respective net book values, which will require us to write down the value of our properties. such asset impairments could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial position.
in fact, the substantial declines in crude oil, natural gas and ngl prices that began in 2014 and continued in 2015 and into 2016 materially and adversely affected the amount of cash flows we had available for our capital expenditures and other operating expenses and our results of operations during fiscal years 2015 and 2016.
if commodity prices decline from current levels for an extended period of time, our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations will be adversely affected and we may be limited in our ability to maintain our current level of dividends on our common stock. in addition, we may be required to incur impairment charges and/or make significant additional downward adjustments to our proved reserve estimates. as a result, our financial condition and results of operations will be further adversely affected.
drilling crude oil and natural gas wells is a high-risk activity and subjects us to a variety of risks that we cannot control.
•   unexpected drilling conditions;
•   title problems;
•   pressure or irregularities in formations;
•   adverse weather conditions, such as winter storms, flooding and hurricanes, and changes in weather patterns;
•   compliance with, or changes in, environmental, health and safety laws and regulations relating to air emissions, hydraulic fracturing, access to and use of water, disposal of produced water, drilling fluids and other wastes, laws and regulations imposing conditions or restrictions on drilling and completion operations and on the transportation of crude oil and natural gas, and other laws and regulations, such as tax laws and regulations;
•   the availability and timely issuance of required federal, state, tribal and other permits and licenses, which may be affected by (among other things) government shutdowns or other suspensions of, or delays in, government services;
•   the availability of, costs associated with and terms of contractual arrangements for properties, including mineral licenses and leases, pipelines, rail cars, crude oil hauling trucks and qualified drivers and facilities and equipment to gather, process, compress, transport and market crude oil, natural gas and related commodities; and
•   the costs of, or shortages or delays in the availability of, drilling rigs, hydraulic fracturing services, pressure pumping equipment and supplies, tubular materials, water, sand, disposal facilities, qualified personnel and other necessary facilities, equipment, materials, supplies and services.
our failure to recover our investment in wells, increases in the costs of our drilling operations or those of our third-party operators, and/or curtailments, delays or cancellations of our drilling operations or those of our third-party operators in each case due to any of the above factors or other factors, may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. for related discussion of the risks and potential losses and liabilities inherent in our crude oil and natural gas operations generally, see the immediately following risk factor.
our crude oil and natural gas operations and supporting activities and operations involve many risks and expose us to potential losses and liabilities, and insurance may not fully protect us against these risks and potential losses and liabilities.
our crude oil and natural gas operations and supporting activities and operations are subject to all of the risks associated with exploring and drilling for, and producing, gathering, processing, compressing and transporting, crude oil and natural gas, including the risks of:
•   adverse weather conditions, such as winter storms, flooding and hurricanes, and other natural disasters;
•   terrorism, vandalism and physical, electronic and cyber security breaches;
•   formations with abnormal or unexpected pressures;
•   leaks or spills in connection with, or associated with, the gathering, processing, compression and transportation of crude oil and natural gas; and
•   malfunctions of, or damage to, gathering, processing, compression and transportation facilities and equipment and other facilities and equipment utilized in support of our crude oil and natural gas operations.
if any of these events occur, we could incur losses, liabilities and other additional costs as a result of:
•   damage to, or destruction of, property, facilities, equipment and crude oil and natural gas reservoirs;
•   regulatory investigations and penalties as well as clean-up and remediation responsibilities and costs;
•   compliance with laws and regulations enacted as a result of such events.
we maintain insurance against many, but not all, such losses and liabilities in accordance with what we believe are customary industry practices and in amounts and at costs that we believe to be prudent and commercially practicable. the occurrence of any of these events and any losses or liabilities incurred as a result of such events, if uninsured or in excess of our insurance coverage, would reduce the funds available to us for our operations and could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our ability to sell and deliver our crude oil and natural gas production could be materially and adversely affected if adequate gathering, processing, compression and transportation facilities and equipment are unavailable.
the sale of our crude oil and natural gas production depends on a number of factors beyond our control, including the availability, proximity and capacity of, and costs associated with, gathering, processing, compression and transportation facilities and equipment owned by third parties. these facilities may be temporarily unavailable to us due to market conditions, regulatory reasons, mechanical reasons or other factors or conditions, and may not be available to us in the future on terms we consider acceptable, if at all. in particular, in certain newer plays, the capacity of gathering, processing, compression and transportation facilities and equipment may not be sufficient to accommodate potential production from existing and new wells. in addition, lack of financing, construction and permitting delays, permitting costs and regulatory or other constraints could limit or delay the construction, manufacture or other acquisition of new gathering, processing, compression and transportation facilities and equipment by third parties or us, and we may experience delays or increased costs in accessing the pipelines, gathering systems or rail systems necessary to transport our production to points of sale or delivery.
any significant change in market or other conditions affecting gathering, processing, compression or transportation facilities and equipment or the availability of these facilities, including due to our failure or inability to obtain access to these facilities and equipment on terms acceptable to us or at all, could materially and adversely affect our business and, in turn, our financial condition and results of operations.
if we fail to acquire or find sufficient additional reserves over time, our reserves and production will decline from their current levels.
the rate of production from crude oil and natural gas properties generally declines as reserves are produced. except to the extent that we conduct successful exploration, exploitation and development activities, acquire additional properties containing reserves or, through engineering studies, identify additional behind-pipe zones or secondary recovery reserves, our reserves will decline as they are produced. maintaining our production of crude oil and natural gas at, or increasing our production from, current levels, is, therefore, highly dependent upon our level of success in acquiring or finding additional reserves. to the extent we are unsuccessful in acquiring or finding additional reserves, our future cash flows and results of operations and, in turn, the trading price of our common stock could be materially and adversely affected.
we incur certain costs to comply with government regulations, particularly regulations relating to environmental protection and safety, and could incur even greater costs in the future.
our crude oil and natural gas operations and supporting activities are regulated extensively by federal, state, tribal and local governments and regulatory agencies, both domestically and in the foreign countries in which we do business, and are subject to interruption or termination by governmental and regulatory authorities based on environmental, health, safety or other considerations. moreover, we have incurred and will continue to incur costs in our efforts to comply with the requirements of environmental, health, safety and other regulations. further, the regulatory environment could change in ways that we cannot predict and that might substantially increase our costs of compliance and, in turn, materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
specifically, as a current or past owner or lessee and operator of crude oil and natural gas properties, we are subject to various federal, state, tribal, local and foreign regulations relating to the discharge of materials into, and the protection of, the environment. these regulations may, among other things, impose liability on us for the cost of pollution cleanup resulting from current or past operations, subject us to liability for pollution damages and require suspension or cessation of operations in affected areas. changes in, or additions to, these regulations could lead to increased operating and compliance costs and, in turn, materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
local, state, national and international regulatory bodies have been increasingly focused on ghg emissions and climate change issues in recent years. for example, we are subject to the united states (u.s.) environmental protection agency's (u.s. epa) rule requiring annual reporting of greenhouse gas (ghg) emissions. in addition, in may 2016, the u.s. epa issued regulations that require operators to reduce methane emissions and emissions of volatile organic compounds from new, modified and reconstructed crude oil and natural gas wells and equipment located at natural gas production gathering and booster stations, gas processing plants and natural gas transmission compressor stations. in december 2015, the u.s. participated in the 21st conference of the parties of the united nations framework convention on climate change in paris, france. the paris agreement (adopted at the conference) calls for nations to undertake efforts with respect to global temperatures and ghg emissions. the paris agreement went into effect on november 4, 2016. it remains unclear whether and how the results of the 2016 u.s. election could impact the regulation of ghg emissions at the federal and state level.
it is possible that the paris agreement and subsequent domestic and international regulations will have adverse effects on the market for crude oil, natural gas and other fossil fuel products as well as adverse effects on the business and operations of companies engaged in the exploration for, and production of, crude oil, natural gas and other fossil fuel products. eog is unable to predict the timing, scope and effect of any currently proposed or future investigations, laws, regulations or treaties regarding climate change and ghg emissions, but the direct and indirect costs of such investigations, laws, regulations and treaties (if enacted) could materially and adversely affect eog's operations, financial condition and results of operations.
the regulation of hydraulic fracturing is primarily conducted at the state and local level through permitting and other compliance requirements. in march 2015, however, the u.s. bureau of land management (blm) issued new regulations applicable to hydraulic fracturing activities on federal and indian lands, including requirements for chemical disclosure, wellbore integrity, and handling of flow back and produced water. those regulations were set aside by a federal district court in june 2016, but are on appeal to the 10th circuit court of appeals. in november 2016, the blm issued a final rule that limits venting, flaring and leaking of natural gas from oil and gas wells and equipment on federal and indian lands. in addition, there have been various other proposals to regulate hydraulic fracturing at the federal level. any new federal regulations that may be imposed on hydraulic fracturing could result in additional permitting and disclosure requirements, additional operating and compliance costs and additional operating restrictions. moreover, some state and local governments have imposed or have considered imposing various conditions and restrictions on drilling and completion operations. any such federal or state requirements, restrictions or conditions could lead to operational delays and increased operating and compliance costs and, moreover, could delay or effectively prevent the development of crude oil and natural gas from formations which would not be economically viable without the use of hydraulic fracturing. accordingly, our production of crude oil and natural gas could be materially and adversely affected. for additional discussion regarding climate change regulation and hydraulic fracturing regulation, see climate change - united states and hydraulic fracturing - united states under item 1, business - regulation.
we will continue to monitor and assess any proposed or new policies, legislation, regulations and treaties in the areas where we operate to determine the impact on our operations and take appropriate actions, where necessary. we are unable to predict the timing, scope and effect of any currently proposed or future laws, regulations or treaties, but the direct and indirect costs of such laws, regulations and treaties (if enacted) could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. for related discussion, see the risk factor below regarding the provisions of the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act with respect to regulation of derivatives transactions and entities (such as eog) that participate in such transactions.
certain u.s. federal income tax deductions currently available with respect to crude oil and natural gas exploration and production may cease to be available in the future or may be otherwise modified as a result of future legislation.
legislation may be proposed in the future that could, if enacted into law, make significant changes to u.s. tax laws. such changes may include, but not be limited to, the elimination of certain u.s. federal income tax incentives currently available to crude oil and natural gas exploration and production companies, such as with respect to the intangible drilling costs deduction and bonus tax depreciation. we can give no assurance whether such changes or similar or other tax law changes will be proposed and, if enacted, how soon any such changes would become effective. the enactment of any such changes in u.s. federal income tax laws could materially and adversely affect our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition.
a portion of our crude oil and natural gas production may be interrupted, or shut in, from time to time for various reasons, including, but not limited to, as a result of accidents, weather conditions, the unavailability of gathering, processing, compression, transportation or refining facilities or equipment or field labor issues, or intentionally as a result of market conditions such as crude oil or natural gas prices that we deem uneconomic. if a substantial amount of our production is interrupted or shut in, our cash flows and, in turn, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
we have limited control over the activities on properties we do not operate.
some of the properties in which we have an interest are operated by other companies and involve third-party working interest owners. as a result, we have limited ability to influence or control the operation or future development of such properties, including compliance with environmental, safety and other regulations, or the amount of capital expenditures that we will be required to fund with respect to such properties. moreover, we are dependent on the other working interest owners of such projects to fund their contractual share of the capital expenditures of such projects. in addition, a third-party operator could also decide to shut-in or curtail production from wells, or plug and abandon marginal wells, on properties owned by that operator during periods of lower crude oil or natural gas prices. these limitations and our dependence on the operator and third-party working interest owners for these projects could cause us to incur unexpected future costs, lower production and materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
if we acquire crude oil and natural gas properties, our failure to fully identify existing and potential problems, to accurately estimate reserves, production rates or costs, or to effectively integrate the acquired properties into our operations could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
from time to time, we seek to acquire crude oil and natural gas properties - for example, our october 2016 mergers and related asset purchase transactions with yates petroleum corporation and certain of its affiliated entities. although we perform reviews of properties to be acquired in a manner that we believe is duly diligent and consistent with industry practices, reviews of records and properties may not necessarily reveal existing or potential problems (such as title or environmental issues), nor may they permit us to become sufficiently familiar with the properties in order to assess fully their deficiencies and potential. even when problems with a property are identified, we often may assume environmental and other risks and liabilities in connection with acquired properties pursuant to the acquisition agreements. in addition, there are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of crude oil and natural gas reserves (as discussed further below), actual future production rates and associated costs with respect to acquired properties. actual reserves, production rates and costs may vary substantially from those assumed in our estimates. in addition, an acquisition may have a material and adverse effect on our business and results of operations, particularly during the periods in which the operations of the acquired properties are being integrated into our ongoing operations or if we are unable to effectively integrate the acquired properties into our ongoing operations.
we have substantial capital requirements, and we may be unable to obtain needed financing on satisfactory terms, if at all.
we make, and will continue to make, substantial capital expenditures for the acquisition, exploration, development, production and transportation of crude oil and natural gas reserves. we intend to finance our capital expenditures primarily through our cash flows from operations, commercial paper borrowings, sales of non-core assets and borrowings under other uncommitted credit facilities and, to a lesser extent and if and as necessary, bank borrowings, borrowings under our revolving credit facility and public and private equity and debt offerings.
lower crude oil and natural gas prices, however, reduce our cash flows and could also delay or impair our ability to consummate certain planned non-core asset sales and divestitures. further, if the condition of the credit and capital markets materially declines, we might not be able to obtain financing on terms we consider acceptable, if at all. weakness and/or volatility in domestic and global financial markets or economic conditions and a depressed commodity price environment may increase the interest rates that lenders and commercial paper investors require us to pay and adversely affect our ability to finance our capital expenditures through equity or debt offerings or other borrowings. a reduction in our cash flows (for example, as a result of lower crude oil and natural gas prices or unanticipated well shut-ins) and the corresponding adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations may also increase the interest rates that lenders and commercial paper investors require us to pay. in addition, a substantial increase in interest rates would decrease our net cash flows available for reinvestment. any of these factors could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our ability to obtain financings and the terms of any financings are, in part, dependent on the credit ratings assigned to our debt by independent credit rating agencies. factors that may impact our credit ratings include our debt levels; planned asset purchases or sales; near-term and long-term production growth opportunities; liquidity; asset quality; cost structure; product mix; and commodity pricing levels (including, but not limited to, the estimates and assumptions of credit rating agencies with respect to future commodity prices). in february 2016, standard & poor's ratings services and moody's investors service, inc. (each an independent credit rating agency), as a result of their lowered assumptions with respect to future commodity prices, each lowered its credit ratings of several investment grade-rated u.s. oil and gas exploration and production companies, including its rating of our long-term debt. such ratings downgrades could increase our borrowing costs and may adversely impact our ability to access financings. in addition, we cannot provide any assurance that our current credit ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that our credit ratings will be raised in the future, nor can we provide any assurance that any of our credit ratings will not be further lowered.
the inability of our customers and other contractual counterparties to satisfy their obligations to us may have a material and adverse effect on us.
we have various customers for the crude oil, natural gas and related commodities that we produce as well as various other contractual counterparties, including several financial institutions and affiliates of financial institutions. domestic and global economic conditions, including the financial condition of financial institutions generally, while weakened in recent years, have improved somewhat. however, there continues to be weakness and volatility in domestic and global financial markets and a depressed commodity price environment, and there is the possibility that lenders may react by tightening credit. these conditions and factors may adversely affect the ability of our customers and other contractual counterparties to pay amounts owed to us from time to time and to otherwise satisfy their contractual obligations to us, as well as their ability to access the credit and capital markets for such purposes.
moreover, our customers and other contractual counterparties may be unable to satisfy their contractual obligations to us for reasons unrelated to these conditions and factors, such as the unavailability of required facilities or equipment due to mechanical failure or market conditions. furthermore, if a customer is unable to satisfy its contractual obligation to purchase crude oil, natural gas or related commodities from us, we may be unable to sell such production to another customer on terms we consider acceptable, if at all, due to the geographic location of such production, the availability, proximity or capacity of gathering, processing, compression and transportation facilities or market or other factors and conditions.
the inability of our customers and other contractual counterparties to pay amounts owed to us and to otherwise satisfy their contractual obligations to us may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
competition in the oil and gas exploration and production industry is intense, and many of our competitors have greater resources than we have.
we compete with major integrated oil and gas companies, government-affiliated oil and gas companies and other independent oil and gas companies for the acquisition of licenses and leases, properties and reserves and access to the facilities, equipment, materials, services and employees and other contract personnel (including geologists, geophysicists, engineers and other specialists) necessary to explore for, develop, produce, market and transport crude oil and natural gas. in addition, certain of our competitors have financial and other resources substantially greater than those we possess and have established strategic long-term positions and strong governmental relationships in countries in which we may seek new or expanded entry. as a consequence, we may be at a competitive disadvantage in certain respects, such as in bidding for drilling rights or in accessing necessary services, facilities, equipment, materials and personnel. in addition, our larger competitors may have a competitive advantage when responding to factors that affect demand for crude oil and natural gas, such as changing worldwide prices and levels of production and the cost and availability of alternative fuels. we also face competition, to a lesser extent, from competing energy sources, such as alternative energy sources.
reserve estimates depend on many interpretations and assumptions that may turn out to be inaccurate. any significant inaccuracies in these interpretations and assumptions could cause the reported quantities of our reserves to be materially misstated.
estimating quantities of crude oil, ngl and natural gas reserves and future net cash flows from such reserves is a complex, inexact process. it requires interpretations of available technical data and various assumptions, including assumptions relating to economic factors, made by our management and our independent petroleum consultants. any significant inaccuracies in these interpretations or assumptions could cause the reported quantities of our reserves and future net cash flows from such reserves to be overstated or understated. also, the data for a given reservoir may also change substantially over time as a result of numerous factors including, but not limited to, additional development activity, evolving production history and continual reassessment of the viability of production under varying economic conditions.
to prepare estimates of our economically recoverable crude oil, ngl and natural gas reserves and future net cash flows from our reserves, we analyze many variable factors, such as historical production from the area compared with production rates from other producing areas. we also analyze available geological, geophysical, production and engineering data, and the extent, quality and reliability of this data can vary. the process also involves economic assumptions relating to commodity prices, production costs, gathering, processing, compression and transportation costs, severance, ad valorem and other applicable taxes, capital expenditures and workover and remedial costs, many of which factors are or may be beyond our control. our actual reserves and future net cash flows from such reserves most likely will vary from our estimates. any significant variance, including any significant revisions or "write-downs" to our existing reserve estimates, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and, in turn, the trading price of our common stock. for related discussion, see item 2, properties - oil and gas exploration and production - properties and reserves and supplemental information to consolidated financial statements.
demand for crude oil and natural gas is, to a significant degree, dependent on weather and climate, which impacts, among other things, the price we receive for the commodities we produce and, in turn, our cash flows and results of operations. for example, relatively warm temperatures during a winter season generally result in relatively lower demand for natural gas (as less natural gas is used to heat residences and businesses) and, as a result, lower prices for natural gas production.
in addition, our exploration, exploitation and development activities and equipment can be adversely affected by extreme weather conditions, such as winter storms, flooding and hurricanes in the gulf of mexico, which may cause a loss of production from temporary cessation of activity or damaged facilities and equipment. such extreme weather conditions could also impact other areas of our operations, including access to our drilling and production facilities for routine operations, maintenance and repairs, the installation and operation of gathering, processing, compression and transportation facilities and the availability of, and our access to, necessary third-party services, such as gathering, processing, compression and transportation services. such extreme weather conditions and changes in weather patterns may materially and adversely affect our business and, in turn, our financial condition and results of operations.
our hedging activities may prevent us from benefiting fully from increases in crude oil and natural gas prices and may expose us to other risks, including counterparty risk.
we use derivative instruments (primarily financial price swap, option, swaption, collar and basis swap contracts) to hedge the impact of fluctuations in crude oil and natural gas prices on our results of operations and cash flows. to the extent that we engage in hedging activities to protect ourselves against commodity price declines, we may be prevented from fully realizing the benefits of increases in crude oil and natural gas prices above the prices established by our hedging contracts. our forecasted crude oil production for 2017 is currently approximately 5% hedged at approximately $50.04 per barrel, and our forecasted natural gas production for 2017 is currently approximately 30% hedged at approximately $3.07 per million british thermal units. as a result, a portion of our forecasted production for 2017 remains unhedged and subject to fluctuating market prices. if we are ultimately unable to hedge additional production volumes for 2017 and beyond, we will be impacted by further commodity price declines, which may result in lower net cash provided by operating activities. in addition, our hedging activities may expose us to the risk of financial loss in certain circumstances, including instances in which the counterparties to our hedging contracts fail to perform under the contracts.
federal legislation and related regulations regarding derivatives transactions could have a material and adverse impact on our hedging activities.
as discussed in the risk factor immediately above, we use derivative instruments to hedge the impact of fluctuations in crude oil and natural gas prices on our results of operations and cash flows. in 2010, congress adopted the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act (dodd-frank act), which, among other matters, provides for federal oversight of the over-the-counter derivatives market and entities that participate in that market and mandates that the commodity futures trading commission (cftc), the securities and exchange commission (sec) and certain federal agencies that regulate the banking and insurance sectors (the prudential regulators) adopt rules or regulations implementing the dodd-frank act and providing definitions of terms used in the dodd-frank act. the dodd-frank act establishes margin requirements and requires clearing and trade execution practices for certain categories of swaps and may result in certain market participants needing to curtail their derivatives activities. although some of the rules necessary to implement the dodd-frank act are yet to be adopted, the cftc, the sec and the prudential regulators have issued numerous rules, including a rule establishing an "end-user" exception to mandatory clearing (end-user exception), a rule regarding margin for uncleared swaps (margin rule) and a proposed rule imposing position limits (position limits rule).
we qualify as a "non-financial entity" for purposes of the end-user exception and, as such, we are eligible for, and expect to utilize, such exception. as a result, our hedging activities will not be subject to mandatory clearing or the margin requirements imposed in connection with mandatory clearing. we also qualify as a "non-financial end user" for purposes of the margin rule; therefore, our uncleared swaps are not subject to regulatory margin requirements. finally, we believe our hedging activities would constitute bona fide hedging under the position limits rule and would not be subject to limitation under such rule if it is enacted. however, many of our hedge counterparties and many other market participants may not be eligible for the end-user exception, may be subject to mandatory clearing or the margin rule for swaps with some or all of their other swap counterparties, and/or may be subject to the position limits rule. in addition, the european union and other non-u.s. jurisdictions have enacted laws and regulations related to derivatives (collectively, foreign regulations) which may apply to our transactions with counterparties subject to such foreign regulations.
the dodd-frank act, the rules adopted thereunder and the foreign regulations could increase the cost of derivative contracts, alter the terms of derivative contracts, reduce the availability of derivatives to protect against the price risks we encounter, reduce our ability to monetize or restructure our existing derivative contracts, and increase our exposure to less creditworthy counterparties. if our use of derivatives is reduced as a result of the dodd-frank act, related regulations or the foreign regulations, our results of operations may become more volatile, and our cash flows may be less predictable, which could adversely affect our ability to plan for, and fund, our capital expenditure requirements. any of these consequences could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our business and prospects for future success, including the successful implementation of our strategies and handling of issues integral to our future success, depend to a significant extent upon the continued service and performance of our management team. the loss of any member of our management team, and our inability to attract, motivate and retain substitute management personnel with comparable experience and skills, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we operate in other countries and, as a result, are subject to certain political, economic and other risks.
•   loss of revenue, loss of or damage to equipment, property and other assets and interruption of operations as a result of expropriation, nationalization, acts of terrorism, war, civil unrest and other political risks;
•   unilateral or forced renegotiation, modification or nullification of existing contracts with governmental entities;
•   difficulties enforcing our rights against a governmental agency because of the doctrine of sovereign immunity and foreign sovereignty over international operations; and
•   currency restrictions or exchange rate fluctuations (e.g., as a result of great britain's june 2016 vote to leave the european union ("brexit")).
our international operations may also be adversely affected by u.s. laws and policies affecting foreign trade and taxation, including modifications to, or withdrawal from, international trade treaties. the realization of any of these factors could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the reporting currency for our financial statements is the u.s. dollar. however, certain of our subsidiaries are located in countries other than the u.s. and have functional currencies other than the u.s. dollar. the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses of certain of these foreign subsidiaries are denominated in currencies other than the u.s. dollar. to prepare our consolidated financial statements, we must translate those assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses into u.s. dollars at then-applicable exchange rates. consequently, increases and decreases in the value of the u.s. dollar versus other currencies will affect the amount of these items in our consolidated financial statements, even if the amount has not changed in the original currency. these translations could result in changes to our results of operations from period to period. for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2016, less than 1% of our net operating revenues related to operations of our foreign subsidiaries whose functional currency was not the u.s. dollar.
our business could be adversely affected by security threats, including cybersecurity threats.
as a producer of crude oil and natural gas, we face various security threats, including cybersecurity threats to gain unauthorized access to our sensitive information or to render our information or systems unusable, and threats to the security of our facilities and infrastructure or third-party facilities and infrastructure, such as gathering and processing facilities, refineries, rail facilities and pipelines. the potential for such security threats subjects our operations to increased risks that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. for example, unauthorized access to our seismic data, reserves information or other proprietary information could lead to data corruption, communication interruptions, or other disruptions to our operations.
our implementation of various procedures and controls to monitor and mitigate such security threats and to increase security for our information, systems, facilities and infrastructure may result in increased capital and operating costs. moreover, there can be no assurance that such procedures and controls will be sufficient to prevent security breaches from occurring. if any of these security breaches were to occur, they could lead to losses of, or damage to, sensitive information or facilities, infrastructure and systems essential to our business and operations, as well as data corruption, communication interruptions or other disruptions to our operations, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations.
terrorist activities and military and other actions could materially and adversely affect us.
terrorist attacks and the threat of terrorist attacks, whether domestic or foreign, as well as military or other actions taken in response to these acts, could cause instability in the global financial and energy markets. the u.s. government has at times issued public warnings that indicate that energy assets might be specific targets of terrorist organizations. any such actions and the threat of such actions could materially and adversely affect us in unpredictable ways, including the disruption of energy supplies and markets, increased volatility in crude oil and natural gas prices or the possibility that the infrastructure on which we rely could be a direct target or an indirect casualty of an act of terrorism, and, in turn, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview eog resources, inc., together with its subsidiaries (collectively, eog), is one of the largest independent (non-integrated) crude oil and natural gas companies in the united states with proved reserves in the united states, trinidad, the united kingdom and china.  eog operates under a consistent business and operational strategy that focuses predominantly on maximizing the rate of return on investment of capital by controlling operating and capital costs and maximizing reserve recoveries.  each prospective drilling location is evaluated by its estimated rate of return. this strategy is intended to enhance the generation of cash flow and earnings from each unit of production on a cost-effective basis, allowing eog to deliver long-term production growth while maintaining a strong balance sheet.  eog implements its strategy by emphasizing the drilling of internally generated prospects in order to find and develop low-cost reserves.  maintaining the lowest possible operating cost structure that is consistent with prudent and safe operations is also an important goal in the implementation of eog's strategy.
united states. eog's efforts to identify plays with large reserve potential have proven to be successful. eog continues to drill numerous wells in large acreage plays, which in the aggregate have contributed substantially to, and are expected to continue to contribute substantially to, eog's crude oil and liquids-rich natural gas production. eog has placed an emphasis on applying its horizontal drilling and completion expertise to unconventional crude oil and liquids-rich reservoirs.
during 2016, eog continued to focus on increasing drilling and completion efficiencies using precision lateral targeting and advanced completion methods and reducing operating and capital costs through efficiency improvements and service cost reductions. these efficiency gains along with realized lower service costs resulted in lower drilling and completion costs and decreased operating expenses during 2016. eog continues to look for opportunities to add drilling inventory through leasehold acquisitions, farm-ins or tactical acquisitions and to evaluate certain potential crude oil and liquids-rich natural gas exploration and development prospects. on a volumetric basis, as calculated using a ratio of 1.0 barrel of crude oil and condensate or ngls to 6.0 thousand cubic feet of natural gas, crude oil and condensate and ngl production accounted for approximately 73% of united states production during 2016 as compared to 71% for 2015. during 2016, drilling and completion activities occurred primarily in the eagle ford play, delaware basin play and rocky mountain area. eog's major producing areas in the united states are in new mexico, north dakota, texas, utah and wyoming.
on october 4, 2016, eog completed its previously announced mergers and related asset purchase transactions with yates petroleum corporation (ypc), abo petroleum corporation (abo), myco industries, inc. (myco) and certain affiliated entities (collectively with ypc, abo and myco, the yates entities). the yates entities had recent net production of approximately 28,600 barrels of oil equivalent per day, with 48% crude oil. the assets of the yates entities include 1.6 million total net acres, with approximately 180,000 net acres in the delaware basin core, approximately 200,000 net acres in the powder river basin and approximately 130,000 net acres in the permian basin northwest shelf. the financial results of ypc, abo and myco were included in eog's consolidated financial statements beginning october 4, 2016.
trinidad. in trinidad, eog continued to deliver natural gas under existing supply contracts. several fields in the south east coast consortium (secc) block, modified u(a) block, block 4(a) and modified u(b) block and the sercan area (formerly known as the emz area) have been developed and are producing natural gas which is sold to the national gas company of trinidad and tobago limited and its subsidiary and crude oil and condensate which is sold to the petroleum company of trinidad and tobago limited. in the third quarter of 2016, eog installed a platform and pipeline in the sercan area in preparation for its three net well drilling program. in the fourth quarter of 2016, eog drilled and completed one net well and began drilling a second well. eog expects to bring the remaining two net wells of the sercan program on-line in early 2017 and to drill three additional net wells in the second half of 2017.
other international.  in the united kingdom, eog began production from its 100% working interest east irish sea conwy crude oil project in march 2016, selling its first crude oil cargo at the end of the first quarter. modifications to the nearby third-party-owned douglas platform, which is used to process conwy production, were completed in the first quarter of 2016 and acceptance and performance testing is ongoing.
during the third quarter of 2016, eog successfully completed the sale of all its argentina assets.
eog continues to evaluate other select crude oil and natural gas opportunities outside the united states, primarily by pursuing exploitation opportunities in countries where indigenous crude oil and natural gas reserves have been identified.
capital structure one of management's key strategies is to maintain a strong balance sheet with a consistently below average debt-to-total capitalization ratio as compared to those in eog's peer group.  eog's debt-to-total capitalization ratio was 33% at december 31, 2016 and 34% at december 31, 2015.  as used in this calculation, total capitalization represents the sum of total current and long-term debt and total stockholders' equity.
on october 4, 2016, in connection with the mergers and related asset purchase transactions with the yates entities, eog issued an aggregate of approximately 25 million shares of eog common stock, subject to the terms of the agreements, and paid to certain of the sellers under the asset purchase transactions an aggregate of approximately $16 million in cash for total consideration transferred of approximately $2.4 billion. in addition, under the terms of the agreements, eog assumed and repaid approximately $164 million of debt owed by the yates entities, which was offset by approximately $70 million of cash of the yates entities.
at december 31, 2016, the $600 million aggregate principal amount of eog's 5.875% senior notes due 2017 were reclassified as long-term debt based upon its intent and ability to ultimately replace such amount with other long-term debt.
on february 1, 2016, eog repaid upon maturity the $400 million aggregate principal amount of its 2.500% senior notes due 2016 (2016 notes).
on january 14, 2016, eog closed its sale of $750 million aggregate principal amount of its 4.15% senior notes due 2026 and $250 million aggregate principal amount of its 5.10% senior notes due 2036 (collectively, the notes). interest on the notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on january 15 and july 15 of each year, beginning on july 15, 2016. net proceeds from the notes offering totaled approximately $991 million and were used to repay the 2016 notes when they matured on february 1, 2016, and for general corporate purposes, including repayment of outstanding commercial paper borrowings and funding of capital expenditures.
during 2016, eog funded $6.6 billion ($3.9 billion of which was related to the aforementioned yates transaction) in exploration and development and other property, plant and equipment expenditures (excluding asset retirement obligations), repaid $564 million aggregate principal amount of long-term debt, paid $373 million in dividends to common stockholders, repaid $260 million of outstanding commercial paper borrowings and purchased $82 million of treasury stock in connection with stock compensation plans, primarily by utilizing net cash provided from its operating activities, net proceeds of $1,119 million from the sale of assets, net proceeds from the sale of the notes and $29 million of excess tax benefits from stock compensation.
total anticipated 2017 capital expenditures are estimated to range from approximately $3.7 billion to $4.1 billion, excluding acquisitions. the majority of 2017 expenditures will be focused on united states crude oil drilling activities. eog has significant flexibility with respect to financing alternatives, including borrowings under its commercial paper program and other uncommitted credit facilities, bank borrowings, borrowings under its $2.0 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility and equity and debt offerings.
when it fits eog's strategy, eog will make acquisitions that bolster existing drilling programs or offer incremental exploration and/or production opportunities. management continues to believe eog has one of the strongest prospect inventories in eog's history.
results of operations the following review of operations for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2016, should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements of eog and notes thereto beginning on page f-1.
net operating revenues during 2016, net operating revenues decreased $1,106 million, or 13%, to $7,651 million from $8,757 million in 2015. total wellhead revenues, which are revenues generated from sales of eog's production of crude oil and condensate, ngls and natural gas, decreased $907 million, or 14%, to $5,497 million in 2016 from $6,404 million in 2015. revenues from the sales of crude oil and condensate and ngls in 2016 were approximately 86% of total wellhead revenues compared to 83% in 2015. during 2016, eog recognized net losses on the mark-to-market of financial commodity derivative contracts of $100 million compared to net gains of $62 million in 2015. gathering, processing and marketing revenues decreased $287 million during 2016, to $1,966 million from $2,253 million in 2015. net gains on asset dispositions of $206 million in 2016 were primarily as a result of sales of producing properties and acreage in texas, louisiana, the rocky mountain area and oklahoma compared to net losses on asset dispositions of $9 million in 2015.
united states                                                 278.3               283.3               282.0
united states                                                $41.84              $47.55              $92.73
composite                                                     41.76               47.53               92.58
united states                                                  81.6                76.9                79.7
united states                                                $14.63              $14.50              $31.84
composite                                                     14.63               14.49               31.91
united states                                                   810                 886                 920
united states                                                 $1.60               $1.97               $3.93
composite                                                      1.73                2.30                3.88
united states                                                 494.9               507.9               515.0
(2)   other international includes eog's united kingdom, china, canada and argentina operations. the argentina operations were sold in the third quarter of 2016.
(3)   dollars per barrel or per thousand cubic feet, as applicable. excludes the impact of financial commodity derivative instruments (see note 12 to consolidated financial statements).
2016 compared to 2015. wellhead crude oil and condensate revenues in 2016 decreased $618 million, or 13%, to $4,317 million from $4,935 million in 2015, due primarily to a lower composite average wellhead crude oil and condensate price. eog's composite wellhead crude oil and condensate price for 2016 decreased 12% to $41.76 per barrel compared to $47.53 per barrel in 2015. wellhead crude oil and condensate deliveries in 2016 decreased 1% to 283 mbbld as compared to 284 mbbld in 2015. the decreased production was primarily due to lower production in the eagle ford and the rocky mountain area, largely offset by increased production in the permian basin.
wellhead natural gas revenues in 2016 decreased $319 million, or 30%, to $742 million from $1,061 million in 2015, primarily due to a lower composite wellhead natural gas price ($246 million) and a decrease in wellhead natural gas deliveries ($73 million). eog's composite average wellhead natural gas price decreased 25% to $1.73 per mcf in 2016 compared to $2.30 per mcf in 2015. natural gas deliveries in 2016 decreased 7% to 1,175 mmcfd as compared to 1,265 mmcfd in 2015. the decrease in production was primarily due to decreased production in the united states (76 mmcfd). the decreased production was due primarily to lower volumes in the fort worth barnett shale, upper gulf coast and south texas areas, largely resulting from asset sales in these regions during the year, partially offset by increased production of associated gas in the permian basin and the acquisition of the yates entities.
during 2016, eog recognized net losses on the mark-to-market of financial commodity derivative contracts of $100 million, which included net cash paid for settlements of crude oil and natural gas financial derivative contracts of $22 million. during 2015, eog recognized net gains on the mark-to-market of financial commodity derivative contracts of $62 million, which included net cash received from settlements of crude oil and natural gas financial derivative contracts of $730 million.
gathering, processing and marketing revenues are revenues generated from sales of third-party crude oil, ngls, and natural gas as well as gathering fees associated with gathering third-party natural gas and revenues from sales of eog-owned sand. purchases and sales of third-party crude oil and natural gas are utilized in order to balance firm transportation capacity with production in certain areas and to utilize excess capacity at eog-owned facilities. marketing costs represent the costs of purchasing third-party crude oil and natural gas and the associated transportation costs as well as costs associated with eog-owned sand sold to third parties.
gathering, processing and marketing revenues less marketing costs in 2016 increased $91 million compared to 2015, primarily due to higher margins on crude oil marketing activities and on sand sales.
2015 compared to 2014. wellhead crude oil and condensate revenues in 2015 decreased $4,807 million, or 49%, to $4,935 million from $9,742 million in 2014, due to a lower composite average wellhead crude oil and condensate price ($4,677 million) and a decrease of 5 mbbld, or 2%, in wellhead crude oil and condensate deliveries ($131 million). the decrease in deliveries primarily reflects decreased production in the north dakota bakken, the fort worth barnett shale area and other international, partially offset by increased production in the permian basin and eagle ford. the decrease in other international is due to the sale of the canadian assets. eog's composite wellhead crude oil and condensate price for 2015 decreased 49% to $47.53 per barrel compared to $92.58 per barrel in 2014.
ngl revenues in 2015 decreased $526 million, or 56%, to $408 million from $934 million in 2014, due to a lower composite average price ($490 million) and a decrease of 3 mbbld, or 4%, in ngl deliveries ($36 million). eog's composite ngl price in 2015 decreased 55% to $14.49 per barrel compared to $31.91 per barrel in 2014.
wellhead natural gas revenues in 2015 decreased $855 million, or 45%, to $1,061 million from $1,916 million in 2014, primarily due to a lower composite wellhead natural gas price ($730 million) and a decrease in wellhead natural gas deliveries ($125 million). eog's composite average wellhead natural gas price decreased 41% to $2.30 per mcf in 2015 compared to $3.88 per mcf in 2014. natural gas deliveries in 2015 decreased 7% to 1,265 mmcfd as compared to 1,353 mmcfd in 2014. the decrease in production was due to decreased production in other international (40 mmcfd), the united states (34 mmcfd) and trinidad (14 mmcfd). in the united states, decreased production was due primarily to lower production in the upper gulf coast, fort worth barnett shale and south texas areas, partially offset by increased production of associated gas in the eagle ford and permian basin. the decline in other international primarily reflects the sale of the canadian assets.
during 2015, eog recognized net gains on the mark-to-market of financial commodity derivative contracts of $62 million, which included net cash received from settlements of crude oil and natural gas financial derivative contracts of $730 million. during 2014, eog recognized net gains on the mark-to-market of financial commodity derivative contracts of $834 million, which included net cash received from settlements of crude oil and natural gas financial derivative contracts of $34 million.
gathering, processing and marketing revenues less marketing costs in 2015 declined $53 million compared to 2014, primarily due to lower margins on crude oil and natural gas marketing activities and losses on sand sales.
2016 compared to 2015.  during 2016, operating expenses of $8,876 million were $6,568 million lower than the $15,444 million incurred during 2015.  operating expenses for 2015 included impairments of proved properties; other property, plant and equipment; and other assets of $6,326 million primarily due to commodity price declines. the following table presents the costs per barrel of oil equivalent (boe) for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015:
the primary factors impacting the cost components of per-unit rates of lease and well, transportation costs, dd&a, g&a and net interest expense for 2016 compared to 2015 are set forth below.  see "net operating revenues" above for a discussion of production volumes.
each of these categories of costs individually fluctuates from time to time as eog attempts to maintain and increase production while maintaining efficient, safe and environmentally responsible operations.  eog continues to increase its operating activities by drilling new wells in existing and new areas.  operating and maintenance costs within these existing and new areas, as well as the costs of services charged to eog by vendors, fluctuate over time.
lease and well expenses of $927 million in 2016 decreased $255 million from $1,182 million in 2015 primarily due to lower operating and maintenance costs ($218 million) and lower lease and well administrative expenses ($35 million), both in the united states.
transportation costs represent costs associated with the delivery of hydrocarbon products from the lease to a downstream point of sale.  transportation costs include transportation fees, costs associated with crude-by-rail operations, the cost of compression (the cost of compressing natural gas to meet pipeline pressure requirements), dehydration (the cost associated with removing water from natural gas to meet pipeline requirements), gathering fees and fuel costs.
dd&a of the cost of proved oil and gas properties is calculated using the unit-of-production method.  eog's dd&a rate and expense are the composite of numerous individual dd&a group calculations.  there are several factors that can impact eog's composite dd&a rate and expense, such as field production profiles, drilling or acquisition of new wells, disposition of existing wells and reserve revisions (upward or downward) primarily related to well performance, economic factors and impairments.  changes to these factors may cause eog's composite dd&a rate and expense to fluctuate from period to period.  dd&a of the cost of other property, plant and equipment is generally calculated using the straight-line depreciation method over the useful lives of the assets.
dd&a expenses in 2016 increased $239 million to $3,553 million from $3,314 million in 2015.  dd&a expenses associated with oil and gas properties in 2016 were $247 million higher than in 2015 primarily due to higher unit rates in the united states ($300 million) and china ($3 million) and commencement of crude oil production from the conwy field in the united kingdom ($22 million), partially offset by a decrease in production in the united states ($68 million) and trinidad ($4 million) and lower unit rates in trinidad ($6 million). unit rates in the united states increased primarily due to downward reserve revisions at december 31, 2015, as a result of lower commodity prices.
g&a expenses of $395 million in 2016 increased $28 million from $367 million in 2015 primarily due to employee-related expenses in connection with certain voluntary retirements and costs related to the yates transaction.
net interest expense of $282 million in 2016 was $45 million higher than 2015 primarily due to interest incurred on the notes issued in january 2016 ($43 million), as well as a decrease in capitalized interest ($10 million). this was partially offset by the reduction of interest expense related to the debt repaid in february 2016 and june 2015 ($16 million).
gathering and processing costs represent operating and maintenance expenses and administrative expenses associated with operating eog's gathering and processing assets.
gathering and processing costs decreased $23 million to $123 million in 2016 compared to $146 million in 2015 due to decreased activities in the eagle ford ($16 million) and the barnett shale ($7 million).
exploration costs of $125 million in 2016 decreased $24 million from $149 million in 2015 primarily due to decreased geological and geophysical expenditures ($15 million) and lower exploration administrative expenses ($14 million), partially offset by higher delay rentals ($5 million), all in the united states.
impairments include amortization of unproved oil and gas property costs as well as impairments of proved oil and gas properties; other property, plant and equipment; and other assets.  unproved properties with acquisition costs that are not individually significant are aggregated, and the portion of such costs estimated to be nonproductive is amortized over the remaining lease term.  when circumstances indicate that a proved property may be impaired, eog compares expected undiscounted future cash flows at a dd&a group level to the unamortized capitalized cost of the asset.  if the expected undiscounted future cash flows are lower than the unamortized capitalized cost, the capitalized cost is reduced to fair value.  fair value is generally calculated by using the income approach described in the fair value measurement topic of the financial accounting standards board's accounting standards codification (asc).  in certain instances, eog utilizes accepted offers from third-party purchasers as the basis for determining fair value.
firm commitment contracts                 138                   -
impairments of proved properties were primarily due to the write-down to fair value of divested legacy natural gas assets in 2016 and primarily due to commodity price declines in 2015. impairments of unproved properties were primarily due to higher amortization rates being applied to undeveloped leasehold costs in response to the significant decrease in commodity prices and an increase in eog's estimates of undeveloped properties not expected to be developed before lease expiration in 2016 and 2015. eog recognized additional impairment charges in 2016 of $61 million related to obsolete inventory and $138 million related to firm commitment contracts related to divested haynesville natural gas assets.
taxes other than income in 2016 decreased $72 million to $350 million (6.4% of wellhead revenues) from $422 million (6.6% of wellhead revenues) in 2015. the decrease in taxes other than income was primarily due to decreases in ad valorem/property taxes ($49 million) and in severance/production taxes ($34 million), primarily as a result of decreased wellhead revenues, both in the united states. these decreases were partially offset by a decrease in credits available to eog in 2016 for texas high-cost gas severance tax rate reductions ($12 million).
eog recognized an income tax benefit of $461 million in 2016 compared to an income tax benefit of $2,397 million in 2015, primarily due to a decrease in pretax loss resulting from the absence of certain 2015 impairments. the net effective tax rate for 2016 decreased to 30% from 35% in the prior year primarily due to additional trinidad taxes resulting from a tax settlement reached in the second quarter of 2016 ($43 million).
2015 compared to 2014.  during 2015, operating expenses of $15,444 million were $2,650 million higher than the $12,794 million incurred during 2014.  operating expenses for 2015 included impairments of proved properties, other property, plant and equipment and other assets of $6,326 million primarily due to commodity price declines. the following table presents the costs per barrel of oil equivalent (boe) for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014:
the primary factors impacting the cost components of per-unit rates of lease and well, transportation costs, dd&a, g&a and net interest expense for 2015 compared to 2014 are set forth below.  see "net operating revenues" above for a discussion of production volumes.
lease and well expenses of $1,182 million in 2015 decreased $234 million from $1,416 million in 2014 primarily due to lower operating and maintenance costs in the united states ($125 million), lower lease and well expenses in other international ($99 million) primarily due to the sale of the canadian assets and lower workover expenditures in the united states ($21 million), partially offset by increased lease and well administrative expenses in the united states ($12 million).
dd&a expenses in 2015 decreased $683 million to $3,314 million from $3,997 million in 2014.  dd&a expenses associated with oil and gas properties in 2015 were $691 million lower than in 2014 primarily due to lower unit rates in the united states ($513 million) and trinidad ($28 million), a decrease in production in the united states ($44 million) and lower dd&a expense in other international ($104 million) primarily due to the sale of the canadian assets.  unit rates in the united states decreased primarily due to impairments of proved oil and gas properties (see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements), upward reserve revisions and reserves added at lower costs as a result of increased efficiencies.
net interest expense of $237 million in 2015 was $36 million higher than 2014 primarily due to interest incurred on the notes issued in march 2015 ($28 million), as well as a decrease in capitalized interest ($15 million). this was partially offset by the reduction of interest on debt repaid in june 2015 and during 2014 ($11 million).
exploration costs of $149 million in 2015 decreased $35 million from $184 million in 2014 primarily due to decreased geological and geophysical expenditures in the united states ($19 million) and lower exploration administrative expenses in other international ($10 million) primarily due to the sale of the canadian assets.
impairments of $6,614 million in 2015 increased $5,870 million from $744 million in 2014 primarily due to increased impairments of proved properties and other assets in the united states ($5,959 million), primarily due to commodity price declines; and increased amortization of unproved property costs in the united states ($112 million), which was caused by higher amortization rates being applied to undeveloped leasehold costs in response to the significant decrease in commodity prices and an increase in eog's estimates of undeveloped properties not expected to be developed before lease expiration; partially offset by decreased impairments of proved properties in the united kingdom ($156 million) and argentina ($43 million). proved property and other asset impairments in the united states were primarily related to legacy natural gas assets and marginal liquids plays. eog recorded impairments of proved properties; other property, plant and equipment; and other assets of $6,326 million and $575 million in 2015 and 2014, respectively.
taxes other than income in 2015 decreased $336 million to $422 million (6.6% of wellhead revenues) from $758 million (6.0% of wellhead revenues) in 2014. the decrease in taxes other than income was primarily due to decreases in severance/production taxes ($307 million), primarily as a result of decreased wellhead revenues and lower ad valorem/property taxes ($17 million), both in the united states.
eog recognized an income tax benefit of $2,397 million in 2015 compared to an income tax expense of $2,080 million in 2014 primarily due to impairments recognized in the united states in 2015. the net effective tax rate for 2015 decreased to 35% from 42% in the prior year primarily due to the effects of recording valuation allowances in the united kingdom and deferred tax in the united states related to undistributed foreign earnings in 2014.
capital resources and liquidity cash flow the primary sources of cash for eog during the three-year period ended december 31, 2016, were funds generated from operations, net proceeds from issuances of long-term debt, proceeds from asset sales, excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation and net commercial paper borrowings and borrowings under other uncommitted credit facilities.  the primary uses of cash were funds used in operations; exploration and development expenditures; other property, plant and equipment expenditures; repayments of debt; dividend payments to stockholders; and purchases of treasury stock in connection with stock compensation plans.
2016 compared to 2015.  net cash provided by operating activities of $2,359 million in 2016 decreased $1,236 million from $3,595 million in 2015 primarily reflecting a decrease in wellhead revenues ($907 million), an unfavorable change in the net cash received from the settlement of financial commodity derivative contracts ($752 million), unfavorable changes in working capital and other assets and liabilities ($197 million) and an increase in net cash paid for interest expense ($30 million), partially offset by a decrease in cash operating expenses ($442 million) and a decrease in net cash paid for income taxes ($80 million).
net cash used in investing activities of $1,253 million in 2016 decreased by $4,067 million from $5,320 million in 2015 primarily due to a decrease in additions to oil and gas properties ($2,235 million); an increase in proceeds from asset sales ($926 million); favorable changes in working capital associated with investing activities ($656 million); a decrease in additions to other property, plant and equipment ($195 million); and net cash received from the yates transaction ($55 million).
net cash used for financing activities of $243 million in 2016 included repayments of long-term debt ($564 million), cash dividend payments ($373 million), net commercial paper repayments ($260 million) and purchases of treasury stock in connection with stock compensation plans ($82 million). cash provided by financing activities in 2016 included net proceeds from the issuance of the notes ($991 million), excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation ($29 million) and proceeds from stock options exercised and employee stock purchase plan activity ($23 million).
2015 compared to 2014.  net cash provided by operating activities of $3,595 million in 2015 decreased $5,054 million from $8,649 million in 2014 primarily reflecting a decrease in wellhead revenues ($6,188 million), unfavorable changes in working capital and other assets and liabilities ($591 million) and an increase in net cash paid for interest expense ($25 million), partially offset by a decrease in cash operating expenses ($741 million), a favorable change in the net cash received from the settlement of financial commodity derivative contracts ($696 million) and a decrease in net cash paid for income taxes ($302 million).
net cash used in investing activities of $5,320 million in 2015 decreased by $2,194 million from $7,514 million in 2014 primarily due to a decrease in additions to oil and gas properties ($2,795 million); and a decrease in additions to other property, plant and equipment ($439 million); partially offset by unfavorable changes in working capital associated with investing activities ($603 million); a decrease in proceeds from sales of assets ($377 million) and the release of restricted cash in 2014 ($60 million).
net cash provided by financing activities of $371 million in 2015 included net proceeds from the issuance of the notes ($990 million), net commercial paper borrowings ($260 million), excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation ($26 million) and proceeds from stock options exercised and employee stock purchase plan activity ($23 million). cash used in financing activities in 2015 included repayments of long-term debt ($500 million), cash dividend payments ($367 million) and purchases of treasury stock in connection with stock compensation plans ($49 million).
total expenditures the table below sets out components of total expenditures for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 (in millions):
expenditure category capital exploration and development drilling                $1,957              $3,289              $5,543
facilities                                             375                 765               1,367
leasehold acquisitions (1)                           3,217                 134                 370
property acquisitions (2)                              749                 481                 139
capitalized interest                                    31                  42                  57
exploration and development expenditures             6,465               4,875               7,709
total exploration and development expenditures       6,445               4,928               7,905
total expenditures                                  $6,554              $5,216              $8,632
(1)   leasehold acquisitions included $3,115 million in 2016 related to the yates transaction and $5 million in 2014 related to non-cash property exchanges.
(2)   property acquisitions included $735 million in 2016 related to the yates transaction.
exploration and development expenditures of $6,465 million for 2016 were $1,590 million higher than the prior year. the increase was primarily due to increased leasehold acquisitions ($3,083 million) and increased property acquisitions ($268 million), partially offset by decreased exploration and development drilling expenditures in the united states ($1,280 million), trinidad ($46 million) and other international ($6 million); decreased facilities expenditures ($390 million); decreased geological and geophysical expenditures ($15 million); and decreased capitalized interest ($11 million). the 2016 exploration and development expenditures of $6,465 million included $3,351 million in exploration, $2,334 million in development drilling and facilities, $749 million in property acquisitions and $31 million in capitalized interest. the 2015 exploration and development expenditures of $4,875 million included $4,007 million in development drilling and facilities, $481 million in property acquisitions, $345 million in exploration and $42 million in capitalized interest. the 2014 exploration and development expenditures of $7,709 million included $6,804 million in development drilling and facilities, $709 million in exploration, $139 million in property acquisitions and $57 million in capitalized interest.
the level of exploration and development expenditures, including acquisitions, will vary in future periods depending on energy market conditions and other related economic factors.  eog has significant flexibility with respect to financing alternatives and the ability to adjust its exploration and development expenditure budget as circumstances warrant.  while eog has certain continuing commitments associated with expenditure plans related to its operations, such commitments are not expected to be material when considered in relation to the total financial capacity of eog.
derivative transactions commodity derivative contracts.  presented below is a comprehensive summary of eog's crude oil price swap contracts through february 20, 2017, with notional volumes expressed in barrels per day (bbld) and prices expressed in dollars per barrel ($/bbl).
eog has entered into crude oil collar contracts, which establish ceiling and floor prices for the sale of notional volumes of crude oil as specified in the collar contracts. the collars require that eog pay the difference between the ceiling price and the average u.s. new york mercantile exchange (nymex) west texas intermediate crude oil price for the contract month (index price) in the event the index price is above the ceiling price. the collars grant eog the right to receive the difference between the floor price and the index price in the event the index price is below the floor price. presented below is a comprehensive summary of eog's crude oil collar contracts through february 20, 2017, with notional volumes expressed in bbld and prices expressed in $/bbl.
presented below is a comprehensive summary of eog's natural gas price swap contracts through february 20, 2017, with notional volumes expressed in million british thermal units (mmbtu) per day (mmbtud) and prices expressed in dollars per mmbtu ($/mmbtu).
eog has sold call options which establish a ceiling price for the sale of notional volumes of natural gas as specified in the call option contracts. the call options require that eog pay the difference between the call option strike price and either the average or last business day nymex henry hub natural gas price for the contract month (henry hub index price) in the event the henry hub index price is above the call option strike price.
in addition, eog has purchased put options which establish a floor price for the sale of notional volumes of natural gas as specified in the put option contracts. the put options grant eog the right to receive the difference between the put option strike price and the henry hub index price in the event the henry hub index price is below the put option strike price. presented below is a comprehensive summary of eog's natural gas call and put option contracts through february 20, 2017, with notional volumes expressed in mmbtud and prices expressed in $/mmbtu.
eog has also entered into natural gas collar contracts, which establish ceiling and floor prices for the sale of notional volumes of natural gas as specified in the collar contracts. the collars require that eog pay the difference between the ceiling price and the henry hub index price in the event the henry hub index price is above the ceiling price. the collars grant eog the right to receive the difference between the floor price and the henry hub index price in the event the henry hub index price is below the floor price. presented below is a comprehensive summary of eog's natural gas collar contracts through february 20, 2017, with notional volumes expressed in mmbtud and prices expressed in $/mmbtu.
financing eog's debt-to-total capitalization ratio was 33% at december 31, 2016, compared to 34% at december 31, 2015.  as used in this calculation, total capitalization represents the sum of total current and long-term debt and total stockholders' equity.
during 2016, eog funded its capital program primarily by utilizing cash provided by operating activities, proceeds from the issuance of the notes, proceeds from asset sales and cash provided by borrowings from its commercial paper program.  while eog maintains a $2.0 billion commercial paper program, the maximum outstanding at any time during 2016 was $604 million, and the amount outstanding at year-end was zero.  there were no amounts outstanding under uncommitted credit facilities during 2016. the average borrowings outstanding under the commercial paper program and the uncommitted credit facilities were $130 million and zero, respectively, during the year 2016.  eog considers this excess availability, which is backed by its $2.0 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility described in note 2 to consolidated financial statements, to be sufficient to meet its ongoing operating needs.
capital lease                                                  38,904                   6,708              13,804                    14,619                     3,773
interest payments on long-term debt and capital lease       1,831,087                 297,257             474,315                   306,435                   753,080
transportation and storage service commitments (2)          3,427,990                 827,050           1,321,304                   717,338                   562,298
drilling rig commitments (3)                                  207,200                 137,897              67,803                         -                     1,500
(1)   this table does not include the liability for unrecognized tax benefits, eog's pension or postretirement benefit obligations or liability for dismantlement, abandonment and asset retirement obligations (see notes 6, 7 and 15, respectively, to consolidated financial statements).
(2)   amounts shown are based on current transportation and storage rates and the foreign currency exchange rates used to convert canadian dollars and british pounds into united states dollars at december 31, 2016. management does not believe that any future changes in these rates before the expiration dates of these commitments will have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or results of operations of eog.
(3)   amounts shown represent minimum future expenditures for drilling rig services. eog's expenditures for drilling rig services will exceed such minimum amounts to the extent eog utilizes the drilling rigs subject to a particular contractual commitment for a period greater than the period set forth in the governing contract or if eog utilizes drilling rigs in addition to the drilling rigs subject to the particular contractual commitment (for example, pursuant to the exercise of an option to utilize additional drilling rigs provided for in the governing contract).
off-balance sheet arrangements eog does not participate in financial transactions that generate relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships.  such entities or partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities (vie) or special purpose entities (spe), are generally established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other limited purposes. eog was not involved in any unconsolidated vie or spe financial transactions or any other "off-balance sheet arrangement" (as defined in item 303(a)(4)(ii) of regulation s-k) during any of the periods covered by this report and currently has no intention of participating in any such transaction or arrangement in the foreseeable future.
foreign currency exchange rate risk during 2016, eog was exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk inherent in its operations in foreign countries, including trinidad, the united kingdom, china, canada and argentina.  the foreign currency most significant to eog's operations during 2016 was the british pound.  eog continues to monitor the foreign currency exchange rates of countries in which it is currently conducting business and may implement measures to protect against foreign currency exchange rate risk.
outlook pricing.  crude oil and natural gas prices have been volatile, and this volatility is expected to continue.  as a result of the many uncertainties associated with the world political environment, worldwide supplies of, and demand for, crude oil and condensate, ngl and natural gas, the availabilities of other worldwide energy supplies and the relative competitive relationships of the various energy sources in the view of consumers, eog is unable to predict what changes may occur in crude oil and condensate, ngls, natural gas, ammonia and methanol prices in the future.  the market price of crude oil and condensate, ngls and natural gas in 2017 will impact the amount of cash generated from eog's operating activities, which will in turn impact eog's financial position. as of february 17, 2017, the average 2017 nymex crude oil and natural gas prices were $54.16 per barrel and $3.19 per mmbtu, respectively, representing increases of 25% and 31%, respectively, from the average nymex prices in 2016. see item 1a, risk factors.
including the impact of eog's 2017 crude oil derivative contracts (exclusive of options) and based on eog's tax position, eog's price sensitivity in 2017 for each $1.00 per barrel increase or decrease in wellhead crude oil and condensate price, combined with the estimated change in ngl price, is approximately $77 million for net income and $96 million for cash flows from operating activities.  including the impact of eog's 2017 natural gas derivative contracts (exclusive of options) and based on eog's tax position and the portion of eog's anticipated natural gas volumes for 2017 for which prices have not been determined under long-term marketing contracts, eog's price sensitivity for each $0.10 per mcf increase or decrease in wellhead natural gas price is approximately $12 million for net income and $15 million for cash flows from operating activities.  for information regarding eog's crude oil and natural gas financial commodity derivative contracts through february 20, 2017, see "derivative transactions" above.
capital. eog plans to continue to focus a substantial portion of its exploration and development expenditures in its major producing areas in the united states. in particular, eog will be focused on united states crude oil drilling activity in its eagle ford, delaware basin and rocky mountain area where it generates its highest rates-of-return. to further enhance the economics of these plays, eog expects to continue to improve well performance and lower drilling and completion costs through efficiency gains and lower service costs.
the total anticipated 2017 capital expenditures of approximately $3.7 billion to $4.1 billion, excluding acquisitions, is structured to maintain eog's strategy of capital discipline by funding its exploration, development and exploitation activities primarily from available internally generated cash flows and cash on hand. eog has significant flexibility with respect to financing alternatives, including borrowings under its commercial paper program and other uncommitted credit facilities, bank borrowings, borrowings under its $2.0 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility and equity and debt offerings.
summary of critical accounting policies eog prepares its financial statements and the accompanying notes in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states, which require management to make estimates and assumptions about future events that affect the reported amounts in the financial statements and the accompanying notes.  eog identifies certain accounting policies as critical based on, among other things, their impact on the portrayal of eog's financial condition, results of operations or liquidity, and the degree of difficulty, subjectivity and complexity in their application.  critical accounting policies cover accounting matters that are inherently uncertain because the future resolution of such matters is unknown.  management routinely discusses the development, selection and disclosure of each of the critical accounting policies.  following is a discussion of eog's most critical accounting policies:
proved oil and gas reserves eog's engineers estimate proved oil and gas reserves in accordance with united states securities and exchange commission (sec) regulations, which directly impact financial accounting estimates, including depreciation, depletion and amortization and impairments of proved properties and related assets.  proved reserves represent estimated quantities of crude oil and condensate, ngls and natural gas that geological and engineering data demonstrate, with reasonable certainty, to be recoverable in future years from known reservoirs under economic and operating conditions existing at the time the estimates were made.  the process of estimating quantities of proved oil and gas reserves is complex, requiring significant subjective decisions in the evaluation of all available geological, engineering and economic data for each reservoir.  the data for a given reservoir may also change substantially over time as a result of numerous factors including, but not limited to, additional development activity, evolving production history and continual reassessment of the viability of production under varying economic conditions.  consequently, material revisions (upward or downward) to existing reserve estimates may occur from time to time.  for related discussion, see item 1a, risk factors, and "supplemental information to consolidated financial statements."
oil and gas exploration costs eog accounts for its crude oil and natural gas exploration and production activities under the successful efforts method of accounting.  oil and gas exploration costs, other than the costs of drilling exploratory wells, are charged to expense as incurred.  the costs of drilling exploratory wells are capitalized pending determination of whether eog has discovered proved commercial reserves.  if proved commercial reserves are not discovered, such drilling costs are expensed.  in some circumstances, it may be uncertain whether proved commercial reserves have been discovered when drilling has been completed.  such exploratory well drilling costs may continue to be capitalized if the reserve quantity is sufficient to justify its completion as a producing well and sufficient progress in assessing the reserves and the economic and operating viability of the project is being made.  costs to develop proved reserves, including the costs of all development wells and related equipment used in the production of crude oil and natural gas, are capitalized.
depreciation, depletion and amortization for oil and gas properties the quantities of estimated proved oil and gas reserves are a significant component of eog's calculation of depreciation, depletion and amortization expense, and revisions in such estimates may alter the rate of future expense. holding all other factors constant, if reserves were revised upward or downward, earnings would increase or decrease, respectively.
depreciation, depletion and amortization of the cost of proved oil and gas properties is calculated using the unit-of-production method.  the reserve base used to calculate depreciation, depletion and amortization for leasehold acquisition costs and the cost to acquire proved properties is the sum of proved developed reserves and proved undeveloped reserves.  with respect to lease and well equipment costs, which include development costs and successful exploration drilling costs, the reserve base includes only proved developed reserves.  estimated future dismantlement, restoration and abandonment costs, net of salvage values, are taken into account.
oil and gas properties are grouped in accordance with the provisions of the extractive industries - oil and gas topic of the asc.  the basis for grouping is a reasonable aggregation of properties with a common geological structural feature or stratigraphic condition, such as a reservoir or field.
depreciation, depletion and amortization rates are updated quarterly to reflect the addition of capital costs, reserve revisions (upwards or downwards) and additions, property acquisitions and/or property dispositions and impairments.
impairments oil and gas lease acquisition costs are capitalized when incurred.  unproved properties with acquisition costs that are not individually significant are aggregated, and the portion of such costs estimated to be nonproductive is amortized over the remaining lease term.  if the unproved properties are determined to be productive, the appropriate related costs are transferred to proved oil and gas properties.  lease rentals are expensed as incurred.
when circumstances indicate that proved oil and gas properties may be impaired, eog compares expected undiscounted future cash flows at a depreciation, depletion and amortization group level to the unamortized capitalized cost of the asset.  if the expected undiscounted future cash flows, based on eog's estimates of (and assumptions regarding) future crude oil and natural gas prices, operating costs, development expenditures, anticipated production from proved reserves and other relevant data, are lower than the unamortized capitalized cost, the capitalized cost is reduced to fair value.  fair value is generally calculated using the income approach described in the fair value measurement topic of the asc.  in certain instances, eog utilizes accepted offers from third-party purchasers as the basis for determining fair value.  estimates of undiscounted future cash flows require significant judgment, and the assumptions used in preparing such estimates are inherently uncertain. in addition, such assumptions and estimates are reasonably likely to change in the future.
crude oil and natural gas prices have exhibited significant volatility in the past, and eog expects that volatility to continue in the future.  during the five years ended december 31, 2016, west texas intermediate crude oil spot prices have fluctuated from approximately $26.19 per barrel to $110.62 per barrel, and henry hub natural gas spot prices have ranged from approximately $1.49 per mmbtu to $8.15 per mmbtu.  eog uses the five-year nymex futures strip for west texas intermediate crude oil and henry hub natural gas (in each case as of the applicable balance sheet date) as a basis to estimate future crude oil and natural gas prices. eog's proved reserves estimates, including the timing of future production, are also subject to significant assumptions and judgment, and are frequently revised (upwards and downwards) as more information becomes available.  proved reserves are estimated using a trailing 12-month average price, in accordance with sec rules. in the future, if any combination of crude oil, natural gas prices, actual production or operating costs diverge negatively from eog's current estimates, impairment charges and downward adjustments to our proved reserves may be necessary.
income taxes income taxes are accounted for using the asset and liability approach.  under this approach, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on anticipated future tax consequences attributable to differences between financial statement carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis.  eog assesses the realizability of deferred tax assets and recognizes valuation allowances as appropriate.  significant assumptions used in estimating future taxable income include future oil and gas prices and changes in tax rates.  changes in such assumptions could materially affect the recognized amounts of valuation allowances.
stock-based compensation in accounting for stock-based compensation, judgments and estimates are made regarding, among other things, the appropriate valuation methodology to follow in valuing stock compensation awards and the related inputs required by those valuation methodologies. assumptions regarding expected volatility of eog's common stock, the level of risk-free interest rates, expected dividend yields on eog's common stock, the expected term of the awards, expected volatility of the price of shares of eog's peer companies and other valuation inputs are subject to change. any such changes could result in different valuations and thus impact the amount of stock-based compensation expense recognized on the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income.
information regarding forward-looking statements this annual report on form 10-k includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended, and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended. all statements, other than statements of historical facts, including, among others, statements and projections regarding eog's future financial position, operations, performance, business strategy, returns, budgets, reserves, levels of production, costs and asset sales, statements regarding future commodity prices and statements regarding the plans and objectives of eog's management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. eog typically uses words such as "expect," "anticipate," "estimate," "project," "strategy," "intend," "plan," "target," "goal," "may," "will," "should" and "believe" or the negative of those terms or other variations or comparable terminology to identify its forward-looking statements. in particular, statements, express or implied, concerning eog's future operating results and returns or eog's ability to replace or increase reserves, increase production, reduce or otherwise control operating and capital costs, generate income or cash flows or pay dividends are forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance. although eog believes the expectations reflected in its forward-looking statements are reasonable and are based on reasonable assumptions, no assurance can be given that these assumptions are accurate or that any of these expectations will be achieved (in full or at all) or will prove to have been correct. moreover, eog's forward-looking statements may be affected by known, unknown or currently unforeseen risks, events or circumstances that may be outside eog's control. important factors that could cause eog's actual results to differ materially from the expectations reflected in eog's forward-looking statements include, among others:
•   the timing, extent and duration of changes in prices for, supplies of, and demand for, crude oil and condensate, natural gas liquids, natural gas and related commodities;
•   the extent to which eog is successful in its efforts to acquire or discover additional reserves;
•   the extent to which eog is successful in its efforts to economically develop its acreage in, produce reserves and achieve anticipated production levels from, and maximize reserve recovery from, its existing and future crude oil and natural gas exploration and development projects;
•   the extent to which eog is successful in its efforts to market its crude oil and condensate, natural gas liquids, natural gas and related commodity production;
•   the availability, proximity and capacity of, and costs associated with, appropriate gathering, processing, compression, transportation and refining facilities;
•   the availability, cost, terms and timing of issuance or execution of, and competition for, mineral licenses and leases and governmental and other permits and rights-of-way, and eog's ability to retain mineral licenses and leases;
•   the impact of, and changes in, government policies, laws and regulations, including tax laws and regulations; environmental, health and safety laws and regulations relating to air emissions, disposal of produced water, drilling fluids and other wastes, hydraulic fracturing and access to and use of water; laws and regulations imposing conditions or restrictions on drilling and completion operations and on the transportation of crude oil and natural gas; laws and regulations with respect to derivatives and hedging activities; and laws and regulations with respect to the import and export of crude oil, natural gas and related commodities;
•   eog's ability to effectively integrate acquired crude oil and natural gas properties into its operations, fully identify existing and potential problems with respect to such properties and accurately estimate reserves, production and costs with respect to such properties;
•   competition in the oil and gas exploration and production industry for the acquisition of licenses, leases and properties, employees and other personnel, facilities, equipment, materials and services;
•   the availability and cost of employees and other personnel, facilities, equipment, materials (such as water) and services;
•   weather, including its impact on crude oil and natural gas demand, and weather-related delays in drilling and in the installation and operation (by eog or third parties) of production, gathering, processing, refining, compression and transportation facilities;
•   the ability of eog's customers and other contractual counterparties to satisfy their obligations to eog and, related thereto, to access the credit and capital markets to obtain financing needed to satisfy their obligations to eog;
•   eog's ability to access the commercial paper market and other credit and capital markets to obtain financing on terms it deems acceptable, if at all, and to otherwise satisfy its capital expenditure requirements;
•   the extent to which eog is successful in its completion of planned asset dispositions;
•   the extent and effect of any hedging activities engaged in by eog;
•   the timing and extent of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, inflation rates, global and domestic financial market conditions and global and domestic general economic conditions;
•   political conditions and developments around the world (such as political instability and armed conflict), including in the areas in which eog operates;
•   the extent to which eog incurs uninsured losses and liabilities or losses and liabilities in excess of its insurance coverage;
•   physical, electronic and cyber security breaches; and
•   the other factors described under item 1a, risk factors, on pages 13 through 22 of this annual report on form 10-k and any updates to those factors set forth in eog's subsequent quarterly reports on form 10-q or current reports on form 8-k.
in light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the events anticipated by eog's forward-looking statements may not occur, and, if any of such events do, we may not have anticipated the timing of their occurrence or the duration and extent of their impact on our actual results. accordingly, you should not place any undue reliance on any of eog's forward-looking statements. eog's forward-looking statements speak only as of the date made, and eog undertakes no obligation, other than as required by applicable law, to update or revise its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, subsequent events, anticipated or unanticipated circumstances or otherwise.