item 1a.    risk factors our business and assets are subject to varying degrees of risk and uncertainty. an investor should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as other information contained in this annual report on form 10-k and in our other filings with the sec. additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also adversely affect our business. if any of these events or circumstances occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations, or prospects could be materially harmed. in that case, the value of our securities could decline and an investor could lose part or all of his or her investment. in addition, forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws that are contained in this annual report on form 10-k or in our other filings or statements may be subject to the risks described below as well as other risks and uncertainties. please read the cautionary notice regarding forward-looking statements in item 1, "business," above.
the cardiovascular products industry is characterized by technological changes, frequent new product introductions, and evolving industry standards. without the timely introduction of new and improved products, our products could become technologically obsolete or more susceptible to competition and our revenue and operating results would suffer. even if we are able to develop new or improved products, our ability to market them could be limited by the need for regulatory clearance, restrictions imposed on approved indications, entrenched patterns of clinical practice, uncertainty over third-party reimbursement, or other factors. we devote significant financial and other resources to our research and development activities; however, the research and development process is prolonged and entails considerable uncertainty. accordingly, products we are currently developing may not complete the development process or obtain the regulatory or other approvals required to market such products in a timely manner or at all.
technical innovations often require substantial time and investment before we can determine their commercial viability. we may not have the financial resources necessary to fund all of these projects. in addition, even if we are able to successfully develop new or improved products, they may not produce revenue in excess of the costs of development, and they may be rendered obsolete or less competitive by changing customer preferences or the introduction by our competitors of products with newer technologies or features or other factors.
we may experience supply interruptions that could harm our ability to manufacture products.
we use a broad range of raw and organic materials and other items in the design and manufacture of our products. our surgical and transcatheter heart valve therapy products are manufactured from treated natural animal tissue and man-made materials. our non-implantable products are manufactured from man-made raw materials including resins, chemicals, electronics, and metals. we purchase certain of the materials and components used in the manufacture of our products from external suppliers, and we purchase certain supplies from single sources for reasons of quality assurance, cost-effectiveness, availability, or constraints resulting from regulatory requirements. we also contract with third parties for important services related to infrastructure and information technology. general economic conditions could adversely affect the financial viability of our suppliers, resulting in their inability to provide materials and components used in the manufacture of our products. while we work closely with suppliers to monitor their financial viability, assure continuity of supply, and maintain high quality and reliability, these efforts may not be successful. in addition, due to the rigorous regulations and requirements of the fda and foreign regulatory authorities regarding the manufacture of our products (including the need for approval of any change in supply arrangements), we may have difficulty establishing additional or replacement sources on a timely basis or at all if the need arises. certain suppliers may also elect to no longer service medical device companies due to the high amount of requirements and regulation. although alternative supplier options are considered and identified, we typically do not pursue regulatory qualification of alternative sources due to the strength of our existing supplier relationships and the time and expense associated with the regulatory validation process. a change in suppliers could require significant effort or investment in circumstances where the items supplied are integral to product performance or incorporate unique technology, and the loss of any existing supply contract could have a material adverse effect on us.
regulatory agencies in the united states or other international geographies from time to time have limited or banned the use of certain materials used in the manufacture of our products. in these circumstances, transition periods typically provide time to arrange for alternative materials. in addition, the sec enacted disclosure rules regarding products that may contain certain minerals that originate from conflict areas in and around the democratic republic of congo. if our suppliers cannot verify that their components do not originate from these conflict areas, we may need to source components from alternative suppliers. if we are unable to identify alternative materials or suppliers and secure approval for their use in a timely manner, our business could be harmed.
some of our suppliers are located outside the united states. as a result, trade or regulatory embargoes imposed by foreign countries or the united states could result in delays or shortages that could harm our business.
the manufacture of many of our products is highly complex and subject to strict quality controls. if we or one of our suppliers or logistics partners encounters manufacturing, logistics, or quality problems, including as a result of natural disasters, our business could suffer.
the manufacture of many of our products is highly complex and subject to strict quality controls, due in part to rigorous regulatory requirements. in addition, quality is extremely important due to the serious and costly consequences of a product failure. problems can arise during the manufacturing process for a number of reasons, including equipment malfunction, failure to follow protocols and procedures, raw material problems, software problems, or human error. although closely managed, disruptions can occur during implementation of new equipment and systems to replace aging equipment, as well as during production line transfers and expansions. as we expand into new markets, we may face unanticipated surges in demand which could strain our production capacity. if these problems arise or if we otherwise fail to meet our internal quality standards or those of the fda or other applicable regulatory body, which include detailed record-keeping requirements, our reputation could be damaged, we could become subject to a safety alert or a recall, we could incur product liability and other costs, product approvals could be delayed, and our business could otherwise be adversely affected.
in addition, our manufacturing and warehousing facilities, as well as those of our suppliers and logistics partners, could be materially damaged by earthquakes, hurricanes, volcanoes, fires, and other natural disasters or catastrophic circumstances. while we believe that our exposure to significant losses from a catastrophic disaster could be partially mitigated by our ability to manufacture, store, and distribute some of our products at other facilities, the losses could have a material adverse effect on our business for an indeterminate period of time before this transition is complete and operates without significant disruption.
we may be required, from time to time, to recognize charges in connection with the write-down of our assets or dispositions of business operations or for other reasons.
from time to time, we identify operations and products that are not performing at a level commensurate with the rest of our business. we may seek to dispose of these underperforming operations or products. we may also seek to dispose of other operations or products for strategic or other business reasons. if we cannot dispose of an operation or product on acceptable
we may not successfully identify and complete acquisitions or strategic alliances on favorable terms or achieve anticipated synergies relating to any acquisitions or alliances, and such acquisitions could result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures, require significant management resources, and require significant charges or write-downs.
we regularly explore potential acquisitions of complementary businesses, technologies, services, or products, as well as potential strategic alliances. we may be unable to find suitable acquisition candidates or appropriate partners with which to form alliances. even if we identify appropriate acquisition or alliance candidates, we may be unable to complete the acquisitions or alliances on favorable terms, if at all. in addition, the process of integrating an acquired business, technology, service, or product into our existing operations could result in unforeseen difficulties and expenditures. integration of an acquired company often requires significant expenditures as well as significant management resources that otherwise would be available for ongoing development of our other businesses. moreover, we may not realize the anticipated financial or other benefits of an acquisition or alliance.
we may be required to take charges or write-downs in connection with acquisitions. in particular, acquisitions of businesses engaged in the development of new products may give rise to in-process research and development ("ipr&d") assets. to the extent that the value of these assets declines, we may be required to write down the value of the assets. also, in connection with certain asset acquisitions, we may be required to take an immediate charge related to acquired ipr&d. either of these situations could result in substantial charges, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
future acquisitions could also involve the issuance of equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities, or amortization of expenses related to other intangible assets, any of which could adversely impact our financial condition or results of operations. in addition, equity or debt financing required for such acquisitions may not be available.
we face intense competition, and if we do not compete effectively, our business will be harmed.
the cardiovascular medical device industry is highly competitive. we compete with many companies, some of which are larger and have longer operating histories, better brand or name recognition, and broader product offerings. our customers consider many factors when selecting a product, including product reliability, breadth of product line, clinical outcomes, product availability, price, availability and rate of reimbursement, and services provided by the manufacturer. in addition, our ability to compete will depend in large part on our ability to develop and acquire new products and technologies, anticipate technology advances, and keep pace with other developers of cardiovascular therapies and technologies. our sales, technical, and other key personnel play an integral role in the development, marketing, and selling of new and existing products. if we are unable to recruit, hire, develop, and retain a talented, competitive workforce, our ability to compete may be adversely affected. our competitive position can also be adversely affected by product problems, physician advisories, and safety alerts, reflecting the importance of quality in the medical device industry. our position can shift as a result of any of these factors. in addition, given the trend toward value-based healthcare, if we are not able to continue to demonstrate the full value of our products to healthcare providers and payors, our competitive position could be adversely affected. see "competition" under "business" included herein.
the regulatory approval process for new products and new indications for existing products requires extensive clinical trials and procedures, including early clinical feasibility and regulatory studies. unfavorable or inconsistent clinical data from current or future clinical trials or procedures conducted by us, our competitors, or third parties, or perceptions regarding this clinical data, could adversely affect our ability to obtain necessary approvals and the market's view of our future prospects. such clinical trials and procedures are inherently uncertain and there can be no assurance that these trials or procedures will be completed in a timely or cost-effective manner or result in a commercially viable product or expanded indication. failure to successfully complete these trials or procedures in a timely and cost-effective manner could have a material adverse effect on our prospects. clinical trials or procedures may experience significant setbacks even after earlier trials have shown promising results. further, preliminary results from clinical trials or procedures may be contradicted by subsequent clinical analysis. in addition, results from our clinical trials or procedures may not be supported by actual long-term studies or clinical experience. if preliminary clinical results are later contradicted, or if initial results cannot be supported by actual long-term studies or clinical experience, our business could be adversely affected. clinical trials or procedures may be delayed, suspended, or terminated by us, the fda, or other regulatory authorities at any time if it is believed that the trial participants face unacceptable health risks or any other reasons.
the success of many of our products depends upon strong relationships with certain key physicians.
the development, marketing, and sale of many of our products requires us to maintain working relationships with physicians upon whom we rely to provide considerable knowledge and experience. these physicians may assist us as researchers, marketing consultants, product trainers and consultants, inventors, and as public speakers. if new laws, regulations, or other developments limit our ability to maintain strong relationships with these professionals or to continue to receive their advice and input, the development and marketing of our products could suffer, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
market and other external risks general economic and political conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business.
external factors can affect our profitability and financial condition. such external factors include general domestic and global economic conditions, such as interest rates, tax rates, and factors affecting global economic stability, and the political environment regarding health care in general. the strength and timing of the current economic recovery remains uncertain, and we cannot predict to what extent the global economic conditions may negatively impact our business. for example, negative conditions in the credit and capital markets could impair our ability to access the financial markets for working capital or other funds, and could negatively impact our ability to borrow. an increase in interest rates could result in an increase in our borrowing costs and could otherwise restrict our ability to access the capital markets. such conditions could result in decreased liquidity and impairments in the carrying value of our investments, and could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. these and other conditions could also adversely affect our customers, and may impact their ability or decision to purchase our products or make payments on a timely basis.
in 2010, significant reforms to the health care system were adopted as law in the united states. the law includes provisions that, among other things, reduce or limit medicare reimbursement, require all individuals to have health insurance (with limited exceptions), and impose increased taxes. specifically, the law requires the medical device industry to subsidize health care reform in the form of a 2.3% excise tax on united states sales of most medical devices. the excise tax, which increased our operating expenses, was suspended for calendar years 2016 and 2017, but is scheduled to resume in 2018. the long term impact of the payment reform provisions in the 2010 health care law remains uncertain to us as these programs continue to evolve. this law or any future legislation, including deficit reduction legislation, could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and prospects if they were to impact the demand for our products or pricing, or result in cuts to, or a restructuring of, entitlement programs such as medicare and medicaid.
our business is subject to economic, political, and other risks associated with international sales and operations, including risks arising from currency exchange rate fluctuations.
because we sell our products in a number of countries, our business is subject to the risks of doing business internationally, including risks associated with anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws. our net sales originating outside the united states, as a percentage of total net sales, were 45% in 2016. we anticipate that sales from international operations will continue to represent a substantial portion of our total sales. in addition, many of our manufacturing facilities and suppliers are located outside of the united states. accordingly, our future results could be harmed by a variety of factors, including:
•   changes in a specific country's or region's political or economic conditions, including changing circumstances in emerging regions, that may reduce the number of procedures that use our products;
•   potentially negative impact of tax laws, including transfer pricing liabilities and tax costs associated with the repatriation of cash;
•   cultural, exchange rate, or other local factors affecting financial terms with customers;
•   local economic and financial conditions, including sovereign defaults and decline in sovereign credit ratings, affecting the collectability of receivables, including receivables from sovereign entities;
•   economic and political instability and local economic and political conditions;
substantially all of our sales outside of the united states are denominated in local currencies, principally in europe (and primarily denominated in the euro) and in japan. the united states dollar value of our international sales varies with currency exchange rate fluctuations. decreases in the value of the united states dollar to the euro or the japanese yen, as well as other currencies, have the effect of increasing our reported revenues even when the volume of international sales has remained constant. increases in the value of the united states dollar relative to the euro or the japanese yen, as well as other currencies, have the opposite effect. significant increases or decreases in the value of the united states dollar could have a material effect on our revenues, cost of sales, and results of operations. we have a hedging program for certain currencies that attempts to manage currency exchange rate risks to an acceptable level based on management's judgment of the appropriate trade-off between risk, opportunity, and cost; however, this hedging program does not completely eliminate the effects of currency exchange rate fluctuations.
the united states foreign corrupt practices act, the united kingdom bribery act, and similar laws in other jurisdictions contain prohibitions against bribery and other illegal payments, and make it an offense to fail to have procedures in place that prevent such payments. recent years have seen an increasing number of investigations and other enforcement activities under these laws. although we have compliance programs in place with respect to these laws, which may be used as a defense to prove we had adequate procedures, no assurance can be given that a violation will not be found, and if found, the resulting penalties could adversely affect us and our business.
from time to time, the stock market experiences extreme price and volume fluctuations. this volatility can have a significant effect on the market prices of securities for reasons unrelated to underlying performance. these broad market fluctuations may materially adversely affect our stock price, regardless of our operating results. in addition, the market price of our common stock could fluctuate substantially in response to any of the other risk factors set out above and below, as well as a number of other factors, including the performance of comparable companies or the medical device industry, or changes in financial estimates and recommendations of securities analysts.
•   announcements of innovations, new products, strategic developments, or business combinations by us or our competitors;
•   changes in our pricing policies or the pricing policies of our competitors;
•   changes in the level of economic activity in the united states or other regions in which we do business;
•   costs related to acquisitions of technologies or businesses; and
•   our ability to expand our operations and the amount and timing of expansion-related expenditures.
the quarterly and full-year financial guidance we provide to investors and analysts with insight to our view of our future performance is based on assumptions about our sales and operating results. due to the nature of our business and the numerous factors that can impact our sales and operating performance, including those described above, our financial guidance may vary from actual results. if we fail to meet any financial guidance that we provide, or if we find it necessary to revise such guidance during the year, the price of our common stock could decline.
the health care industry has been consolidating, and organizations such as gpos, independent delivery networks, and large single accounts, such as the united states veterans administration, continue to consolidate purchasing decisions for many of our health care provider customers. as a result, transactions with customers are larger and more complex, and tend to involve more long-term contracts. the purchasing power of these larger customers has increased, and may continue to increase, causing downward pressure on product pricing. if we are not one of the providers selected by one of these organizations, we may be precluded from making sales to its members or participants. even if we are one of the selected providers, we may be at a disadvantage relative to other selected providers that are able to offer volume discounts based on purchases of a broader range of medical equipment and supplies. further, we may be required to commit to pricing that has a material adverse effect on our revenues, profit margins, business, financial condition, and results of operations. we expect that market demand, governmental regulation, third-party reimbursement policies, and societal pressures will continue to change the worldwide health care industry, resulting in further business consolidations and alliances, which may exert further downward pressure on the prices of our products and could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
if third-party payors decline to reimburse our customers for our products or impose other cost containment measures to reduce reimbursement levels, our ability to profitably sell our products will be harmed.
we sell our products and technologies to hospitals and other health care providers, all of which receive reimbursement for the health care services provided to patients from third-party payors, such as government programs (both domestic and international), private insurance plans, and managed care programs. the ability of customers to obtain appropriate reimbursement for their products from private and governmental third-party payors is critical to the success of medical technology companies. the availability of reimbursement affects which products customers purchase and the prices they are willing to pay. reimbursement varies from country to country and can significantly impact acceptance of new products.
third-party payors are increasingly attempting to contain health care costs by limiting both coverage and the level of reimbursement for medical products and services. there can be no assurance that levels of reimbursement, if any, will not be decreased in the future, or that future legislation, regulation, or reimbursement policies of third-party payors will not otherwise adversely affect the demand for and price levels of our products. the introduction of cost containment incentives, combined with closer scrutiny of health care expenditures by both private health insurers and employers, has resulted in increased discounts and contractual adjustments to hospital charges for services performed. hospitals or physicians may respond to such cost-containment pressures by substituting lower cost products or other therapies. in addition, the 2010 united states health
care law could adversely affect reimbursement levels for our products, or otherwise adversely affect our product pricing and profitability.
initiatives to limit the growth of health care costs, including price regulation, are underway in several countries around the world. in many countries, customers are reimbursed for our products under a government operated insurance system. under such a system, the government periodically reviews reimbursement levels and may limit patient access. if a government were to decide to reduce reimbursement levels, our product pricing could be adversely affected.
third-party payors may deny reimbursement if they determine that a device used in a procedure was not used in accordance with cost-effective treatment methods as determined by such third-party payors, or was used for an unapproved indication. third-party payors may also deny reimbursement for experimental procedures and devices. we believe that many of our existing products are cost-effective, even though the one-time cost may be significant, because they are intended to improve quality of life and reduce overall health care costs over a long period of time. we cannot be certain that these third-party payors will recognize these cost savings instead of merely focusing on the lower initial costs associated with competing therapies. if our products are not considered cost-effective by third-party payors, our customers may not be reimbursed for them, resulting in lower sales of our products.
legal, compliance, and regulatory risks we may incur losses from product liability or other claims that could adversely affect our operating results.
our business exposes us to potential product liability risks that are inherent in the design, manufacture, and marketing of medical devices. our products are often used in surgical and intensive care settings with seriously ill patients. in addition, many of the medical devices we manufacture and sell are designed to be implanted in the human body for long periods of time. component failures, manufacturing and assembly flaws, design defects, or inadequate disclosure of product-related risks or product-related information could result in an unsafe condition or injury to, or death of, patients. such problems could result in product liability, medical malpractice or other lawsuits and claims, safety alerts, or product recalls in the future, which, regardless of their ultimate outcome, could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, and ability to attract and retain customers. product liability claims may be brought from time to time either by individuals or by groups seeking to represent a class. we may incur charges related to such matters in excess of any established reserves and such charges, including the establishment of any such reserves, could have a material adverse impact on our net income and net cash flows.
our inability to protect our intellectual property or failure to maintain the confidentiality and integrity of data or other sensitive company information, by cyber-attack or other event, could have a material adverse effect on our business.
our success and competitive position are dependent in part upon our proprietary intellectual property. we rely on a combination of patents and trade secrets to protect our proprietary intellectual property, and we expect to continue to do so. although we seek to protect our proprietary rights through a variety of means, we cannot guarantee that the protective steps we have taken are adequate to protect these rights. patents issued to or licensed by us in the past or in the future may be challenged and held invalid. in addition, as our patents expire, we may be unsuccessful in extending their protection through patent term extensions. the expiration of, or the failure to maintain or extend our patents, could have a material adverse effect on us.
we also rely on confidentiality agreements with certain employees, consultants, and other third parties to protect, in part, trade secrets and other proprietary information. these agreements could be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies for such a breach. in addition, others could independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information or gain access to our trade secrets or proprietary information.
our intellectual property, other proprietary technology, and other sensitive company information is dependent on sophisticated information technology systems and is potentially vulnerable to cyber-attacks, loss, damage, destruction from system malfunction, computer viruses, loss of data privacy, or misappropriation or misuse of it by those with permitted access, and other events. while we have invested to protect our intellectual property and other information, and continue to work diligently to upgrade and enhance our systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, there can be no assurance that our precautionary measures will prevent breakdowns, breaches, cyber-attacks, or other events. such events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, financial condition, or results of operations.
we spend significant resources to enforce our intellectual property rights, sometimes resulting in litigation. intellectual property litigation is complex and can be expensive and time-consuming. however, our efforts in this regard may not be successful. we may not be able to detect infringement. in addition, competitors may design around our technology or develop competing technologies. patent litigation can result in substantial cost and diversion of effort. intellectual property protection
may also be unavailable or limited in some foreign countries, enabling our competitors to capture increased market position. the invalidation of key intellectual property rights or an unsuccessful outcome in lawsuits filed to protect our intellectual property could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or prospects.
third parties may claim we are infringing their intellectual property, and we could suffer significant litigation or licensing expenses or be prevented from selling products.
during recent years, we and our competitors have been involved in substantial litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property rights in the medical device industry. from time to time, we have been and may in the future be forced to defend against claims and legal actions alleging infringement of the intellectual property rights of others, and such intellectual property litigation is typically costly and time-consuming. adverse determinations in any such litigation could result in significant liabilities to third parties or injunctions that bar the sale of our products, or could require us to seek licenses from third parties and, if such licenses are not available on commercially reasonable terms, prevent us from manufacturing, selling, or using certain products, any one of which could have a material adverse effect on us. in addition, some licenses may be non-exclusive, which could provide our competitors access to the same technologies.
third parties could also obtain patents that may require us to either redesign products or, if possible, negotiate licenses from such third parties. such licenses may materially increase our expenses. if we are unable to redesign products or obtain a license, we might have to exit a particular product offering.
we and our customers are subject to rigorous governmental regulations and we may incur significant expenses to comply with these regulations and develop products that are compatible with these regulations. in addition, failure to comply with these regulations could subject us to substantial sanctions which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
the medical technologies we manufacture and market are subject to rigorous regulation by the fda and numerous other federal, state, and foreign governmental authorities, including regulations that cover the composition, labeling, testing, clinical study, design, sourcing, manufacturing, packaging, marketing, advertising, promotion, and distribution of our products.
we are required to register with the fda as a device manufacturer. as a result, we are subject to periodic inspection by the fda for compliance with the fda's quality system regulation ("qsr") requirements, which require manufacturers of medical devices to adhere to certain regulations, including testing, design, quality control, and documentation procedures. the fda may also inspect our compliance with requirements related to adverse event reporting, recalls or corrections (field actions), the conduct of clinical studies, and other requirements. in the european union, we are required to maintain certain ce mark and iso certifications in order to sell our products, and are subject to periodic inspections by notified bodies to obtain and maintain these certifications. if we or our suppliers fail to adhere to qsr, ce mark, iso, or similar requirements, this could delay or interrupt product production or sales and/or lead to fines, difficulties in obtaining regulatory clearances, recalls, or other consequences, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations or prospects.
medical devices must receive fda clearance or approval before they can be commercially marketed in the united states. in addition, the fda may require testing and surveillance programs to monitor the effects of approved products that have been commercialized, and can prevent or limit further marketing of a product based upon the results of post-marketing programs. in addition, the federal medical device reporting regulations require us to provide information to the fda whenever there is evidence that reasonably suggests that a device may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or, if a malfunction were to occur, would be likely to cause or contribute to a death or serious injury. federal regulations also require us to report certain recalls or corrective actions to the fda. furthermore, most major markets for medical devices outside the united states require clearance, approval, or compliance with certain standards before a product can be commercially marketed. the process of obtaining regulatory clearances or approvals to market a medical device, particularly from the fda and certain foreign governmental authorities, can be costly and time-consuming, and clearances or approvals may not be granted for products or product improvements on a timely basis, if at all. delays in receipt of, or failure to obtain, clearances or approvals for products or product improvements could result in delayed realization of product revenues or in substantial additional costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations or prospects. at any time after approval of a product for commercial sale, the fda may conduct periodic inspections to determine compliance with qsr requirements, and/or current medical device reporting regulations, or other regulatory requirements. noncompliance with applicable requirements may subject us or responsible individuals to sanctions including civil money penalties, product seizure, injunction, or criminal prosecution. in addition, the fda may withhold or delay pre-market approval of our products until the noncompliance is resolved. product approvals by the fda can also be withdrawn due to failure to comply with regulatory standards or the occurrence of unforeseen problems following initial approval.
regulatory agencies in the united states or other international geographies from time to time limit or ban the use of certain materials used in the manufacture of our products, require collection and disposal of products at the end of their lifecycle, and require disclosure of the origin of certain raw materials in our products. noncompliance with applicable requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business.
the united states physician payment sunshine act, and similar laws in other jurisdictions, also impose reporting and disclosure requirements on device, pharmaceutical, and biologics companies for certain financial relationships with united states health care providers and teaching hospitals. failure to submit required information or submitting incorrect information may result in significant civil monetary penalties.
we are also subject to various united states and international laws pertaining to health care pricing, anti-corruption, and fraud and abuse, including prohibitions on kickbacks and the submission of false claims laws and restrictions on relationships with physicians and other referral sources. these laws are broad in scope and are subject to evolving interpretation, which could require us to incur substantial costs to monitor compliance or to alter our practices if we are found not to be in compliance. violations of these laws may be punishable by criminal or civil sanctions against us and our officers and employees, including substantial fines, imprisonment, and exclusion from participation in governmental health care programs.
despite our implementation of robust compliance processes, we may be subject, from time to time, to inspections, investigations, and other enforcement actions by governmental authorities. if we are found not to be in compliance with applicable laws or regulations, the applicable governmental authority can impose fines, delay, suspend, or revoke regulatory clearances or approvals, institute proceedings to detain or seize our products, issue a recall, impose marketing or operating restrictions, enjoin future violations and assess civil penalties against us or our officers or employees, and institute criminal prosecution. moreover, governmental authorities can ban or request the recall, repair, replacement, or refund of the cost of any device or product we manufacture or distribute. any of the foregoing actions could result in decreased sales as a result of negative publicity and product liability claims, and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. in addition to the sanctions for noncompliance described above, commencement of an enforcement proceeding, inspection, or investigation could divert substantial management attention from the operation of our business and have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
our industry is experiencing greater scrutiny and regulation by governmental authorities, which may lead to greater governmental regulation in the future.
in recent years, the medical device industry has been subject to increased regulatory scrutiny, including by the fda, numerous other federal, state, and foreign governmental authorities, as well as members of congress. this has included increased regulation, enforcement, inspections, and governmental investigations of the medical device industry and disclosure of financial relationships with health care professionals. we anticipate that the government will continue to scrutinize our industry closely, and that additional regulation by governmental authorities, both foreign and domestic, may increase compliance costs, exposure to litigation, and other adverse effects to our operations.
certain of our products, including pericardial tissue valves, are manufactured using bovine tissue. concerns relating to the potential transmission of bse, commonly known as "mad cow disease," from cows to humans may result in reduced acceptance of products containing bovine materials. certain medical device regulatory agencies have considered whether to continue to permit the sale of medical devices that incorporate bovine material. we obtain bovine tissue only from closely controlled sources within the united states and australia. the bovine tissue used in our pericardial tissue valves is from tissue types considered by global health and regulatory organizations to have shown no risk of infectibility for the suspected bse infectious agent. we have not experienced any significant adverse impact on our sales as a result of concerns regarding bse, but no assurance can be given that such an impact may not occur in the future.
use of our products in unapproved circumstances could expose us to liabilities.
the marketing approval from the fda and other regulators of certain of our products are, or are expected to be, limited to specific indications. we are prohibited from marketing or promoting any unapproved use of our products. physicians, however, can use these products in ways or circumstances other than those strictly within the scope of the regulatory approval. although the product training we provide to physicians and other health care professionals is limited to approved uses or for clinical trials, no assurance can be given that claims might not be asserted against us if our products are used in ways or for procedures that are not approved.
our operations are subject to environmental, health, and safety laws, and regulations concerning, among other things, the generation, handling, transportation, and disposal of hazardous substances or wastes, the cleanup of hazardous substance releases, and emissions or discharges into the air or water. we have incurred and may incur expenditures in the future in connection with environmental, health and safety laws, and regulations. new laws and regulations, violations of these laws or regulations, stricter enforcement of existing requirements, or the discovery of previously unknown contamination could require us to incur costs or could become the basis for new or increased liabilities that could be material.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis presents the factors that had a material effect on our results of operations during the three years ended december 31, 2016. also discussed is our financial position as of december 31, 2016. you should read this discussion in conjunction with the historical consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this form 10-k.
overview we are the global leader in patient-focused medical innovations for structural heart disease and critical care monitoring. driven by a passion to help patients, we partner with the world's leading clinicians and researchers and aggressively invest in research and development to transform care for structural heart disease and critically ill patients. we conduct operations worldwide and are managed in the following geographical regions: united states, europe, japan, and rest of world. our products are categorized into the following main areas: transcatheter heart valve therapy ("thvt"), surgical heart valve therapy ("shvt"), and critical care.
financial highlights our sales growth was led by our thvt products, which benefited from the launches of the edwards sapien 3 transcatheter heart valve in the united states (july 2015), europe (january 2014), and japan (march 2016). our gross profit margin in 2016 was negatively impacted relative to 2015 by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, partially offset by an improved product mix, led by thvt products. our gross profit margin in 2015 benefited from foreign exchange rate fluctuations and an improved product mix, led by thvt products. our net income in 2016 increased compared to 2015 primarily due to increased sales, partially offset by an in-process research and development ("ipr&d") charge for technology we acquired for use in our transcatheter heart valve programs. net income in 2014 benefited from the receipt of $750.0 million ($487.9 million, net of tax) for an upfront payment due under a litigation settlement agreement.
healthcare environment, opportunities, and challenges the medical technology industry is highly competitive and continues to evolve. our success is measured both by the development of innovative products and the value we bring to our stakeholders. we are committed to developing new technologies and providing innovative patient care, and we are committed to defending our intellectual property in support of those developments. in 2016, we invested 15.0% of our net sales in research and development. the following is a summary of important developments during 2016:
•   we received fda approval for an expanded indication study of the edwards sapien 3 valve. the investigational device exemption study will enroll elderly patients with severe, symptomatic aortic stenosis who have been determined by a heart team to be at low risk for mortality if they were to undergo surgical aortic valve replacement;
•   we received fda approval to expand use of the edwards sapien xt transcatheter heart valve for pulmonic valve replacement procedures. the approval enables the treatment of adult and pediatric patients who suffer from either a narrowed pulmonary valve or moderate or greater pulmonary regurgitation caused by congenital heart disease;
•   we received fda approval of our advanced edwards intuity elite valve system, a rapid deployment device for surgical aortic valve replacement, and ce mark for our inspiris resilia aortic valve, the first in a new class of resilient heart valves, designed for potential future valve-in-valve procedures;
•   we received ce mark for our acumen hypotension probability indicator ("hpi"), a technology that alerts clinicians to potential hypotension, or abnormally low blood pressure, in their surgical and critical care patients before it occurs; and
•   we entered into an agreement to acquire valtech, a privately held company based in israel and developer of the cardioband system for transcatheter repair of the mitral and tricuspid valves. we completed the acquisition on january 23, 2017.
we are dedicated to generating robust clinical, economic, and quality of life evidence increasingly expected by patients, clinicians, and payors in the current healthcare environment, with the goal of encouraging the adoption of innovative new medical therapies that demonstrate superior outcomes.
united states        $1,615.7                $1,262.9                $1,047.3               $352.8              $215.6          27.9    %        20.6    %
international net sales include the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on net sales is not necessarily indicative of the impact on net income due to the corresponding effect of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on international manufacturing and operating costs and our hedging activities. for more information see "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
critical care                             560.3                   528.4                   553.2                 31.9               (24.8   )         6.0    %        (4.5   )%
2016 compared with 2015
the increase in net sales of thvt products in the united states was due primarily to:
•   increased sales of the edwards sapien 3 valve, driven by its launch in july 2015;
the increase in international net sales of thvt products was due primarily to increased sales of the edwards sapien 3 valve, driven primarily by its launch in europe in january 2014 and in japan in march 2016.
2015 compared with 2014
the increase in net sales of thvt products in the united states was due primarily to:
•   the edwards sapien 3 valve, driven by its launch in july 2015; and
•   the edwards sapien xt valve, driven by its launch in june 2014;
•   the edwards sapien 3 valve, driven primarily by its launch in europe in january 2014; and
•   the edwards sapien xt valve in japan, driven by its launch in october 2013;
•   foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which decreased net sales by $71.2 million, due primarily to the weakening of the euro against the united states dollar.
in march 2016, we received approval from the the fda to expand use of the edwards sapien xt transcatheter heart valve for pulmonic valve replacement procedures. the approval enables the treatment of adult and pediatric patients who suffer from either a narrowed pulmonary valve, or moderate or greater pulmonary regurgitation caused by congenital heart disease. also in march 2016, we received approval for sapien 3 in japan for the treatment of patients suffering from severe, symptomatic aortic stenosis. in august 2016, we received approval from the fda, and in september 2016, we received ce mark in europe, to expand use of the edwards sapien 3 transcatheter heart valve for the treatment of patients suffering from severe, symptomatic aortic stenosis who have been determined to be at intermediate risk for open-heart surgery. in january 2017, we received fda approval for early-tavr, our trial that will study patients diagnosed with severe aortic stenosis who have not yet developed symptoms. patients will be randomized to receive either transfemoral sapien 3 or clinical surveillance.
2016 compared with 2015
•   lower sales of aortic tissue valves in the united states, as sales of edwards sapien 3 increased; and
•   lower international sales of mitral tissue valves, primarily in europe and rest of world, primarily due to supply constraints;
•   foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which increased net sales by $2.2 million, due primarily to the strengthening of the japanese yen against the united states dollar, partially offset by the weakening of various currencies against the united states dollar.
2015 compared with 2014
•   foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which decreased net sales by $59.7 million, due primarily to the weakening of the euro and the japanese yen against the united states dollar;
•   higher sales of (1) surgical heart valve products, driven by pericardial aortic tissue valves, primarily in europe, japan, and the united states, and (2) edwards intuity elite valves, primarily in europe.
in august 2016, the fda approved our advanced edwards intuity elite valve system, a rapid deployment device for surgical aortic valve replacement. in september 2016, we received ce mark for our inspiris resilia aortic valve, the first in a new class of resilient heart valves designed for potential future valve-in-valve procedures.
critical care
2016 compared with 2015
the increase in net sales of critical care products was due primarily to:
•   higher sales of enhanced surgical recovery products in the united states, europe, and rest of world;
•   higher sales of hardware in the united states; and
•   foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which increased net sales by $5.0 million due primarily to the strengthening of the japanese yen against the united states dollar, partially offset by the weakening of various currencies against the united states dollar.
2015 compared with 2014
the decrease in net sales of critical care products was due primarily to:
•   foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which decreased net sales by $41.3 million due primarily to the weakening of the euro and the japanese yen against the united states dollar;
•   higher sales of enhanced surgical recovery products in the united states, europe, and rest of world.
in october 2016, we received ce mark for our hpi, a technology that alerts clinicians to potential hypotension, or abnormally low blood pressure, in their surgical and critical care patients. hpi is enabled by the minimally invasive flotrac iq sensor, which also received ce mark.
gross profit the decrease in gross profit as a percentage of net sales in 2016 was driven by:
•   investments in manufacturing capacity;
•   a 1.6 percentage point increase in the united states, and a 0.5 percentage point increase in international markets, due to an improved product mix, driven by thvt products.
the increase in gross profit as a percentage of net sales in 2015 was driven by:
•   a 0.9 percentage point increase in the united states, and a 0.4 percentage point increase in international markets, due to an improved product mix, driven by thvt products;
selling, general, and administrative ("sg&a") expenses the increase in sg&a expenses in 2016 resulted primarily from (1) higher sales and marketing expenses in the united states and europe, mainly to support our thvt program, and (2) higher personnel-related costs. these increases were partially offset by the suspension of the medical device excise tax in the united states, which was suspended for calendar years 2016 and 2017. the decrease in sg&a expenses as a percentage of net sales in 2016 was due primarily to higher sales in the united states and japan.
the decrease in sg&a expenses in 2015 resulted primarily from foreign currency, which reduced expenses by $61.1 million due primarily to the weakening of the euro and the japanese yen against the united states dollar. this decrease was partially offset by (1) higher sales and marketing expenses in europe, the united states, and japan, mainly to support our thvt program and (2) higher personnel-related costs. the decrease in sg&a expenses as a percentage of net sales in 2015 was due primarily to higher sales in the united states, europe, and japan.
research and development ("r&d") expenses the increase in r&d expenses in 2016 was due primarily to mitral and aortic thvt product development efforts. the suspension of the united states medical device excise tax during 2016 provided additional flexibility to accelerate investments in structural heart initiatives.
intellectual property litigation expenses (income), net in may 2014, we entered into an agreement with medtronic, inc. ("medtronic") to settle all outstanding patent litigation between the companies, and, pursuant to the agreement, we received an upfront payment from medtronic in the amount of $750.0 million.
we incurred external legal costs related to intellectual property litigation of $32.6 million, $7.0 million, and $9.6 million for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively. the increase in intellectual property litigation expenses in 2016 was due primarily to the first quarter resolution of an intellectual property litigation matter, and increased costs associated with ongoing litigation in the united states and europe.
charitable foundation contribution      $5.0             $-                       $-
in march 2016, we contributed $5.0 million to the edwards lifesciences foundation, a related-party not-for-profit organization intended to provide philanthropic support to health- and community-focused charitable organizations. the contribution was irrevocable and was recorded as an expense at the time of payment.
the (gain) loss on investments represents our net share of gains and losses in investments accounted for under the equity method, and realized gains and losses on our available-for-sale and cost method investments. during 2014, we recorded an other-than-temporary impairment charge of $3.5 million related to one of our cost method investments.
in december 2014, we recorded a $4.0 million impairment charge related to a promissory note receivable because it was likely that we would be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal or interest when due according to the contractual terms of the promissory note agreement.
in september 2014, we committed to purchase our draper, utah facility under a purchase option provided in the lease agreement. under the terms of the lease agreement, we accrued $1.0 million for certain lease contract termination costs.
state and local taxes, net of federal tax benefit                              9.7                   3.1                  19.3
tax credits, federal and state                                               (21.3    )            (15.7    )            (13.5    )
build (release) of reserve for uncertain tax positions for prior years         4.6                   3.3                  (4.8    )
u.s. tax on foreign earnings, net of credits                                   5.1                  20.5                  (3.1    )
uncertain tax positions as of december 31, 2016 and 2015, the gross uncertain tax positions were $245.5 million and $216.1 million, respectively. we estimate that these liabilities would be reduced by $44.9 million and $40.6 million, respectively, from offsetting tax benefits associated with the correlative effects of potential transfer pricing adjustments, state income taxes, and timing adjustments. the net amounts of $200.6 million and $175.5 million, respectively, if not required, would favorably affect our effective tax rate.
a reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of uncertain tax positions, excluding interest, penalties, and foreign exchange, is as follows (in millions):
uncertain gross tax positions, january 1        $216.1                $192.3                $127.7
current year tax positions                        29.0                  29.6                  75.9
increase prior year tax positions                  2.7                   2.2                   0.6
decrease prior year tax positions                 (0.9    )             (7.4    )            (10.5    )
lapse of statutes of limitations                  (1.1    )             (0.2    )             (0.4    )
uncertain gross tax positions, december 31      $245.5                $216.1                $192.3
we recognize interest and penalties, if any, related to uncertain tax positions in the provision for income taxes. as of december 31, 2016, we had accrued $14.7 million (net of $10.8 million tax benefit) of interest related to uncertain tax positions, and as of december 31, 2015, we had accrued $10.7 million (net of $7.6 million tax benefit) of interest related to uncertain tax positions. during 2016, 2015, and 2014, we recognized interest expense, net of tax benefit, of $4.0 million, $3.9 million, and $2.3 million, respectively, in "provision for income taxes" on the consolidated statements of operations.
we strive to resolve open matters with each tax authority at the examination level and could reach agreement with a tax authority at any time. while we have accrued for matters we believe are more likely than not to require settlement, the final outcome with a tax authority may result in a tax liability that is more or less than that reflected in the consolidated financial statements. furthermore, we may later decide to challenge any assessments, if made, and may exercise our right to appeal. the uncertain tax positions are reviewed quarterly and adjusted as events occur that affect potential liabilities for additional taxes, such as lapsing of applicable statutes of limitations, proposed assessments by tax authorities, negotiations between tax authorities, identification of new issues, and issuance of new legislation, regulations, or case law. management believes that adequate amounts of tax and related penalty and interest have been provided in income tax expense for any adjustments that may result from our uncertain tax positions.
at december 31, 2016, all material state, local, and foreign income tax matters have been concluded for years through 2008. the internal revenue service ("irs") has substantially completed its fieldwork for the 2009 through 2012 tax years. however, the audits are currently in suspense pending a final determination with respect to a pending application for an advance pricing agreement ("apa"). the irs began its examination of the 2014 tax year during the fourth quarter of 2016.
we have been pursuing an apa between the switzerland and united states governments for the years 2009 through 2013 covering transfer pricing matters with the possibility of a roll-forward of the results to subsequent years. these discussions remain ongoing as of december 31, 2016. these transfer pricing matters are significant to our consolidated financial statements as the disputed amounts are material, and the final outcome is uncertain. we continue to believe our positions are supportable.
additionally, during the fourth quarter of 2016, we received notification of preliminary agreement on methodology between the respective competent authorities for the requested apas for 2015-2019 between the united states and japan, switzerland and japan, and singapore and japan. these are expected to be formalized and executed during 2017.
during 2014, we filed with the irs a request for a pre-filing agreement associated with a tax return filing position on a portion of the litigation settlement payment received from medtronic in may 2014. during the first quarter of 2015, the irs accepted the pre-filing agreement into the pre-filing agreement program. the closing agreement for this matter was finalized during the fourth quarter of 2016. there remains a disputed issue and we expect to enter the fast-track appeals process during 2017. we made an advance payment of tax in december 2015 solely to prevent the further accrual of interest on any potential deficiency, not to signify any potential agreement to a contrary position that may be taken by the irs.
management believes that adequate amounts of tax and related penalty and interest have been provided in income tax expense for any adjustments that may result from our uncertain tax positions. based upon the information currently available and numerous possible outcomes, we cannot reasonably estimate what, if any, changes in our existing uncertain tax positions may occur in the next 12 months and thus have recorded the gross uncertain tax positions as a long-term liability. however, if the apa and/or the appeals process related to the pre-filing agreement is finalized in the next 12 months, it is reasonably possible that these events could result in a significant change in our uncertain tax positions within the next 12 months.
the effective income tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2016 was higher than the rate for the year ended december 31, 2015 primarily because of fluctuations in the relative contribution of our foreign operations and united states operations to worldwide pre-tax income, offset by an increase in benefits from the federal and california research credits.
we have received tax incentives in certain non-u.s. tax jurisdictions, the primary benefit of which will expire in 2024. the tax reductions as compared to the local statutory rates were $77.4 million ($0.32 per diluted share), $59.1 million ($0.25 per diluted share), and $68.3 million ($0.31 per diluted share) for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively.
our dr branch receives tax incentives, including an exemption from paying dr income taxes, under a free trade zone law. effective november 9, 2012, dr enacted a law which, among other tax provisions, would apply a 10% withholding tax on dividends or branch remittances from a free trade zone company to its shareholder(s). the dr withholding tax provision was, however, contingent upon certain future events. on october 5, 2016, the dr ministry of finance published a notification confirming that the 10% withholding tax on branch remittances would be due and payable by dr free trade zone companies for dividends and remittances paid on or after october 5, 2016. as a result, we expect this action will increase our effective tax rate in 2017; however, the amount is not expected to have a material impact on our results of operations.
liquidity and capital resources our sources of cash liquidity include cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, amounts available under credit facilities, and cash from operations. we believe that these sources are sufficient to fund the current requirements of working capital, capital expenditures, and other financial commitments for the next twelve months. however, we periodically consider various financing alternatives and may, from time to time, seek to take advantage of favorable interest rate environments or other market conditions.
as of december 31, 2016, cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments held in the united states and outside the united states were $214.1 million and $1,057.0 million, respectively. we believe that cash held in the united states, in addition to amounts available under credit facilities and cash from operations, are sufficient to fund our united states operating requirements for the next twelve months. cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments held outside the united states, the majority of which relates to undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries, which are considered by us to be indefinitely reinvested, have historically been used to fund international operations and acquire businesses and assets outside of the united states. we consider making short-term loans of cash held outside the united states to the united states from time to time based on facts and circumstances. the permanent repatriations of cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments held outside the united states are subject to restrictions in certain jurisdictions, and may be subject to withholding and other taxes. the potential tax liability related to any repatriation would be dependent on the facts and circumstances that exist at the time such repatriation is made and the complexities of the tax laws of the united states and the respective foreign jurisdictions.
on november 26, 2016, we entered into an agreement and plan of merger to acquire valtech for approximately $340.0 million, subject to certain adjustments, in stock and cash to be paid at closing, with the potential for up to $350.0 million in additional pre-specified milestone-driven payments over the next 10 years. our acquisition of valtech closed on january 23, 2017, and we issued an aggregate of approximately 2.8 million shares of our common stock, and paid approximately $84.3 million in cash to holders of valtech securities. prior to the close of the transaction, valtech spun off its early-stage transseptal mitral valve replacement technology program. we have an option to acquire that program and its associated intellectual property for approximately $200.0 million, subject to certain adjustments. for further information, see note 7 to the "consolidated financial statements."
on july 3, 2015, we entered into an agreement and plan of merger to acquire cardiaq for an aggregate cash purchase price of $350.0 million, subject to certain adjustments, plus an additional $50.0 million if a certain european regulatory approval is obtained within 48 months of the acquisition closing date. we closed the purchase in august 2015 with available cash on hand in the united states. for further information, see note 7 to the "consolidated financial statements."
we have a five-year credit agreement ("credit agreement") which provides up to an aggregate of $750.0 million in borrowings in multiple currencies. we may increase the amount available under the credit agreement, subject to agreement of the lenders, by up to an additional $250.0 million in the aggregate. as of december 31, 2016, borrowings of $225.0 million were outstanding under the credit agreement, and have been classified as long-term obligations in accordance with the terms of the credit agreement. in october 2013, we issued $600.0 million of 2.875% fixed-rate unsecured senior notes due october 15, 2018. as of december 31, 2016, the total carrying value of our long-term debt was $822.3 million. for further information on our long-term debt, see note 9 to the "consolidated financial statements."
we periodically repurchase shares of our common stock under share repurchase programs authorized by the board of directors. we consider several factors in determining when to execute share repurchases, including, among other things, expected dilution from stock plans, cash capacity, and the market price of our common stock. during 2016, under the board authorized repurchase programs, we repurchased a total of 7.2 million shares at an aggregate cost of $646.5 million, including amounts purchased under accelerated share repurchase agreements, and as of december 31, 2016, we had remaining authority to purchase $1,031.0 million of our common stock. for further information, see note 13 to the "consolidated financial statements."
net cash flows provided by operating activities of $704.4 million for 2016 increased $154.7 million from 2015 due primarily to (1) improved operating performance and (2) lower supplier payments in 2016 compared to 2015, partially offset by (1) the impact of excess tax benefits from stock plans, primarily due to our increased stock price, and (2) an increase in accounts receivable due to increased sales, primarily in the united states.
net cash flows provided by operating activities of $549.7 million for 2015 decreased $472.6 million from 2014 due primarily to (1) the $750.0 million upfront payment received from medtronic under a litigation settlement agreement, and (2) a higher bonus payout in 2015 associated with 2014 performance. these decreases were partially offset by (1) income tax payments of $224.5 million made in 2014 related to the medtronic settlement, (2) improved operating performance in 2015, and (3) the $50.0 million charitable contribution made in 2014 to the edwards lifesciences foundation.
net cash used in investing activities of $211.7 million in 2016 consisted primarily of capital expenditures of $176.1 million and $41.3 million for the acquisition of intangible assets.
net cash used in investing activities of $316.1 million in 2015 consisted primarily of a $320.1 million net payment associated with the acquisition of cardiaq, and capital expenditures of $102.7 million, partially offset by net proceeds from investments of $119.6 million.
net cash used in investing activities of $633.0 million in 2014 consisted primarily of net purchases of investments of $527.4 million and capital expenditures of $82.9 million.
net cash used in financing activities of $268.5 million in 2016 consisted primarily of purchases of treasury stock of $662.3 million, partially offset by (1) net proceeds from the issuance of debt of $222.1 million, (2) proceeds from stock plans of $103.3 million, and (3) the excess tax benefit from stock plans of $64.3 million.
net cash used in financing activities of $158.6 million in 2015 consisted primarily of purchases of treasury stock of $280.1 million, partially offset by (1) proceeds from stock plans of $87.2 million, and (2) the excess tax benefit from stock plans of $41.3 million.
net cash used in financing activities of $153.0 million in 2014 consisted primarily of purchases of treasury stock of $300.9 million, partially offset by (1) proceeds from stock plans of $113.3 million, and (2) the excess tax benefit from stock plans of $49.4 million (including the realization of previously unrealized excess tax benefits).
a summary of all of our contractual obligations and commercial commitments as of december 31, 2016 were as follows (in millions):
capital commitment obligations (b)                  0.6                     0.3                     0.3            -                  -
purchase and other commitments                     16.4                    13.7                     2.7            -                  -
(a)   the amount included in "less than 1 year" reflects anticipated contributions to our various pension plans. anticipated contributions beyond one year are not determinable. the total accrued benefit liability for our pension plans recognized as of december 31, 2016 was $50.1 million. this amount is impacted by, among other items, pension expense funding levels, changes in plan demographics and assumptions, and investment returns on plan assets. therefore, we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the amount and period in which the liability might be paid, and did not include this amount in the contractual obligations table. see note 12 to the "consolidated financial statements" for further information.
(b)   capital commitment obligations consist primarily of cash that we are obligated to pay to our limited partnership and limited liability corporation investees. these investees make equity investments in various development stage biopharmaceutical and medical device companies, and it is not certain if and/or when these payments will be made.
(c)   as of december 31, 2016, the gross liability for uncertain tax positions, including interest, was $271.0 million. we have been pursuing an apa between the switzerland and united states governments for the years 2009 through 2013 covering transfer pricing matters with the possibility of a roll-forward of the results to subsequent years. these transfer pricing matters are significant to our consolidated financial statements, and the final outcome of the negotiations is uncertain. management believes that adequate amounts of tax and related penalty and interest have been provided in income tax expense for any adjustments that may result for our uncertain tax positions. we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the amount and period in which the liability might be paid, and did not include this amount in the contractual obligations table.
(d)   we acquire assets still in development, enter into research and development arrangements, acquire businesses, and sponsor certain clinical trials that often require milestone, royalty, or other future payments to third-parties, contingent upon the occurrence of certain future events. in situations where we have no ability to influence the achievement of the milestone or otherwise avoid the payment, we have included those payments in the table above. however, we have excluded from the table contingent milestone payments and other contingent liabilities for which we cannot reasonably predict future payments or for which we can avoid making payment by unilaterally deciding to stop development of a product or cease progress of a clinical trial. we estimate that these contingent payments could be up to approximately $510.0 million if all milestones or other contingent obligations were met. included in this amount is $350.0 million of contingent obligations related to our acquisition of valtech, which may be paid through a combination of cash and issuance of common stock. in addition, the valtech acquisition closed in january 2017, and the consideration paid included the issuance of approximately 2.8 million shares of our common stock (fair value of $266.5 million) and cash of $84.3 million, which has not been included in the above table.
critical accounting policies and estimates our results of operations and financial position are determined based upon the application of our accounting policies, as discussed in the notes to the "consolidated financial statements." certain of our accounting policies represent a selection among acceptable alternatives under generally accepted accounting principles in the united states ("gaap"). in evaluating our transactions, management assesses all relevant gaap and chooses the accounting policy that most accurately reflects the nature of the transactions.
estimates. management uses its best estimates and judgments in determining the appropriate amount to reflect in the consolidated financial statements, using historical experience and all available information. we also use outside experts where appropriate. we apply estimation methodologies consistently from year to year.
we believe the following are the critical accounting policies which could have the most significant effect on our reported results and require subjective or complex judgments by management.
revenue recognition when we recognize revenue from the sale of our products, we record an estimate of various sales returns and allowances which reduces product sales and accounts receivable. these adjustments include estimates for rebates, returns, and other sales allowances. these provisions are estimated based upon historical payment experience, historical relationship to revenues, estimated customer inventory levels, and current contract sales terms with direct and indirect customers. product returns are not significant because returns are generally not allowed unless the product is damaged at time of receipt. if the historical data and inventory estimates used to calculate these provisions do not approximate future activity, our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows could be impacted.
in addition, we may allow customers to return previously purchased products for next-generation product offerings. for these transactions, we defer recognition of revenue on the sale of the earlier generation product based upon an estimate of the amount to be returned when the next-generation products are shipped to the customer. uncertain timing of next-generation product approvals, variability in product launch strategies, product recalls, and variation in product utilization all affect the estimates related to sales returns and could cause actual returns to differ from these estimates.
our sales adjustment related to distributor rebates given to our united states distributors represents the difference between our sales price to the distributor (at our distributor "list price") and the negotiated price to be paid by the end-customer. we validate the distributor rebate accrual quarterly through either a review of the inventory reports obtained from our distributors or an estimate of the distributor's inventory. this distributor inventory information is used to verify the estimated liability for future distributor rebate claims based on historical rebates and contract rates. we periodically monitor current pricing trends and distributor inventory levels to ensure the credit for future distributor rebates is fairly stated.
excess and obsolete inventory the valuation of our inventory requires us to estimate excess, obsolete, and expired inventory. we base our provisions for excess, obsolete, and expired inventory on our estimates of forecasted net sales. a significant change in the timing or level of demand for our products as compared to forecasted amounts may result in recording additional allowances for excess, obsolete, and expired inventory in the future. in addition, our industry is characterized by rapid product development and frequent new product introductions. uncertain timing of next-generation product approvals, variability in product launch strategies, product recalls, increasing levels of consigned inventory, and variation in product utilization all affect our estimates related to excess, obsolete, and expired inventory.
intangible assets and long-lived assets we acquire intangible assets in connection with business combinations and asset purchases. the acquired intangible assets are recorded at fair value, which is determined based on a discounted cash flow analysis. the determination of fair value requires significant estimates, including, but not limited to, the amount and timing of projected future cash flows, the discount rate used to discount those cash flows, the assessment of the asset's life cycle, including the timing and expected costs to complete in-process projects, and the consideration of legal, technical, regulatory, economic, and competitive risks.
ipr&d acquired in business combinations is reviewed for impairment annually, or whenever an event occurs or circumstances change that would indicate the carrying amount may be impaired. additionally, management reviews the carrying amounts of other intangible and long-lived assets whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of an asset may not be recoverable. the impairment reviews require significant estimates about fair value, including estimation of future cash flows, selection of an appropriate discount rate, and estimates of long-term growth rates.
contingent consideration we record contingent consideration resulting from a business combination at its fair value on the acquisition date. we determine the fair value of the contingent consideration based primarily on the following factors:
•   timing and probability of success of clinical events or regulatory approvals;
•   timing and probability of success of meeting commercial milestones; and
on a quarterly basis, we revalue these obligations and record changes in their fair value as an adjustment to earnings. changes to contingent consideration obligations can result from adjustments to discount rates, accretion of the discount rates due to the passage of time, changes in our estimates of the likelihood or timing of achieving development or commercial milestones, changes in the probability of certain clinical events, or changes in the assumed probability associated with regulatory approval.
we are subject to income taxes in the united states and numerous foreign jurisdictions. our income tax returns are periodically audited by domestic and foreign tax authorities. these audits include questions regarding our tax filing positions, including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income amongst various tax jurisdictions. we evaluate our tax positions and establish liabilities in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance on uncertainty in income taxes. significant judgment is required in evaluating our uncertain tax positions, including estimating the ultimate resolution to intercompany pricing controversies between countries when there are numerous possible outcomes. we review these tax uncertainties quarterly and adjust the liability as events occur that affect potential liabilities for additional taxes, such as the progress of tax audits, lapsing of applicable statutes of limitations, negotiations between tax authorities, identification of new issues, and issuance of new legislation, regulations, or case law.
for additional details on our income taxes, see note 2 and note 16 to the "consolidated financial statements."
stock-based compensation we measure and recognize compensation expense for all stock-based awards based on estimated fair values. stock-based awards consist of stock options, service-based restricted stock units, market-based restricted stock units, performance-based restricted stock units, and employee stock purchase subscriptions. the fair value of each option award and employee stock purchase subscription is estimated on the date of grant using the black-scholes option valuation model. the fair value of market-based restricted stock units is determined using a monte carlo simulation model, which uses multiple input variables to determine the probability of satisfying the market condition requirements. the black-scholes and monte carlo models require various highly judgmental assumptions, including stock price volatility, risk-free interest rate, and expected option term. for performance-based restricted stock units, expense is recognized if and when we conclude that it is probable that the performance condition will be achieved, which requires judgment. stock-based compensation expense is recorded net of estimated forfeitures. judgment is required in estimating the stock awards that will ultimately be forfeited. if actual results differ significantly from these estimates, stock-based compensation expense and our results of operations would be impacted.