item 1a.   risk factors
each of the registrants operates in a market and regulatory environment that poses significant risks, many of which are beyond that registrant’s control. management of each registrant regularly meets with the chief enterprise risk officer and the rmc, which comprises officers of the registrants, to identify and evaluate the most significant risks of the registrants’ businesses and the appropriate steps to manage and mitigate those risks. the chief enterprise risk officer and senior executives of the registrants discuss those risks with the finance and risk committee and audit committee of the exelon board of directors and the comed, peco, bge, and phi boards of directors. in addition, the generation oversight committee of the exelon board of directors evaluates risks related to the generation business. the risk factors discussed below could adversely affect one or more of the registrants’ results of operations or cash flows and the market prices of their publicly traded securities. each of the registrants has disclosed the known material risks that affect its business at this time. however, there may be further risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed by a registrant to be material that could adversely affect its performance or financial condition in the future.
exelon’s financial condition and results of operations are affected to a significant degree by: (1) generation’s position as a predominantly nuclear generator selling power into competitive energy markets with a concentration in select regions, and (2) the role of the utility registrants as operators of electric transmission and distribution systems in six of the largest metropolitan areas in the united states. factors that affect the financial condition and results of operations of the registrants fall primarily under the following categories, all of which are discussed in further detail below:
•                        market and financial factors. exelon’s and generation’s results of operations are affected by price fluctuations in the energy markets. power prices are a function of supply and demand, which in turn are driven by factors such as (1) the price of fuels, in particular the price of natural gas, which affects the prices that generation can obtain for the output of its power plants, (2) the presence of other generation resources in the markets in which generation’s output is sold, (3) the demand for electricity in the markets where the registrants conduct their business, and (4) the impacts of on-going competition in the retail channel.
•                     regulatory and legislative factors. the regulatory and legislative factors that affect the registrants include changes to the laws and regulations that govern competitive markets and utility cost recovery and environmental policy. in particular, exelon’s and generation’s financial performance could be affected by changes in the design of competitive wholesale power markets or generation’s ability to sell power in those markets. in addition, potential regulation and legislation, including regulation or legislation regarding climate change and renewable portfolio standards, could have significant effects on the registrants. also, returns for the utility registrants are influenced significantly by state regulation and regulatory proceedings.
•                              operational factors. the registrants’ operational performance is subject to those factors inherent in running the nation’s largest fleet of nuclear power reactors and large electric and gas distribution systems. the safe and effective operation of the nuclear facilities and the ability to effectively manage the associated decommissioning obligations as well as the ability to maintain the availability, reliability and safety of its energy delivery systems are fundamental to exelon’s ability to protect and grow shareholder value. additionally, the operating costs of the utility registrants and the opinions of their customers and regulators, are affected by those companies’ ability to maintain the reliability and safety of their energy delivery systems.
•   risks related to the phi merger. exelon is subject to additional risks related to the merger with phi that closed on march 23, 2016.
a discussion of each of these risk categories and other risk factors is included below.
market and financial factors generation is exposed to depressed prices in the wholesale and retail power markets, which could negatively affect its results of operations or cash flows. (exelon and generation)
generation is exposed to commodity price risk for the unhedged portion of its electricity generation supply portfolio. generation’s earnings and cash flows are therefore subject to variability of spot and forward market prices in the markets in which it operates rise and fall.
price of fuels: the spot market price of electricity for each hour is generally determined by the marginal cost of supplying the next unit of electricity to the market during that hour. thus, the market price of power is affected by the market price of the marginal fuel used to generate the electricity unit. often, the next unit of electricity will be supplied from generating stations fueled by fossil fuels. consequently, changes in the market price of fossil fuels often result in comparable changes to the market price of power. for example, the use of new technologies to recover natural gas from shale deposits has increased natural gas supply and reserves, placing downward pressure on natural gas
prices and, therefore, on power prices. the continued addition of supply from new alternative generation resources, such as wind and solar, whether mandated through rps or otherwise subsidized or encouraged through climate legislation or regulation, could displace a higher marginal cost plant, further reducing power prices. in addition, further delay or elimination of epa air quality regulations could prolong the duration for which the cost of pollution from fossil fuel generation is not factored into market prices.
demand and supply: the market price for electricity is also affected by changes in the demand for electricity and the available supply of electricity. unfavorable economic conditions, milder than normal weather, and the growth of energy efficiency and demand response programs could each depress demand. the result is that higher-cost generating resources do not run as frequently, putting downward pressure on electricity market prices. the tepid economic environment in recent years and growing energy efficiency and demand response initiatives have limited the demand for electricity in generation’s markets. in addition, in some markets, the supply of electricity through wind or solar generation, when combined with other base-load generation such as nuclear, could often exceed demand during some hours of the day, resulting in loss of revenue for base-load generating plants. increased supply in excess of demand is furthered by the continuation of rps mandates and subsidies for renewable energy.
retail competition: generation’s retail operations compete for customers in a competitive environment, which affects the margins that generation can earn and the volumes that it is able to serve. in periods of sustained low natural gas and power prices and low market volatility, retail competitors can aggressively pursue market share because the barriers to entry can be low and wholesale generators (including generation) use their retail operations to hedge generation output. increased or more aggressive competition could adversely affect overall gross margins and profitability in generation’s retail operations.
sustained low market prices or depressed demand and over-supply could adversely affect exelon’s and generation’s results of operations or cash flows, and such impacts could be emphasized given generation’s concentration of base-load electric generating capacity within primarily two geographic market regions, namely the midwest and the mid-atlantic. these impacts could adversely affect exelon’s and generation’s ability to fund other discretionary uses of cash such as growth projects or to pay dividends. in addition, such conditions may no longer support the continued operation of certain generating facilities, which could adversely affect exelon’s and generation’s result of operations through accelerated depreciation expense, impairment charges related to inventory that cannot be used at other nuclear units and cancellation of in-flight capital projects, accelerated amortization of plant specific nuclear fuel costs, severance costs, accelerated asset retirement obligation expense related to future decommissioning activities, and additional funding of decommissioning costs, which can be offset in whole or in part by reduced operating and maintenance expenses. a slow recovery in market conditions could result in a prolonged depression of or further decline in commodity prices, including low forward natural gas and power prices and low market volatility, which could also adversely affect exelon’s and generation’s results of operations, cash flows or financial position. see note 9—early nuclear plant retirements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
in addition to price fluctuations, generation is exposed to other risks in the power markets that are beyond its control and could negatively affect its results of operations. (exelon and generation)
credit risk. in the bilateral markets, generation is exposed to the risk that counterparties that owe generation money, or are obligated to purchase energy or fuel from generation, will not perform under their obligations for operational or financial reasons. in the event the counterparties to these
arrangements fail to perform, generation could be forced to purchase or sell energy or fuel in the wholesale markets at less favorable prices and incur additional losses, to the extent of amounts, if any, already paid to the counterparties. in the spot markets, generation is exposed to risk as a result of default sharing mechanisms that exist within certain markets, primarily rtos and isos, the purpose of which is to spread such risk across all market participants. generation is also a party to agreements with entities in the energy sector that have experienced rating downgrades or other financial difficulties. in addition, generation’s retail sales subject it to credit risk through competitive electricity and natural gas supply activities to serve commercial and industrial companies, governmental entities and residential customers. retail credit risk results when customers default on their contractual obligations. this risk represents the loss that could be incurred due to the nonpayment of a customer’s account balance, as well as the loss from the resale of energy previously committed to serve the customer.
market designs. the wholesale markets vary from region to region with distinct rules, practices and procedures. changes in these market rules, problems with rule implementation, or failure of any of these markets could adversely affect generation’s business. in addition, a significant decrease in market participation could affect market liquidity and have a detrimental effect on market stability.
the registrants are potentially affected by emerging technologies that could over time affect or transform the energy industry, including technologies related to energy generation, distribution and consumption. (all registrants)
some of these technologies include, but are not limited, to further shale gas development or sources, cost-effective renewable energy technologies, broad consumer adoption of electric vehicles, distributed generation and energy storage devices. such developments could affect the price of energy, could affect energy deliveries as customer-owned generation becomes more cost-effective, could require further improvements to our distribution systems to address changing load demands and could make portions of our electric system power supply and transmission and/or distribution facilities obsolete prior to the end of their useful lives. such technologies could also result in further declines in commodity prices or demand for delivered energy. each of these factors could materially affect the registrants’ results of operations, cash flows or financial position through, among other things, reduced operating revenues, increased operating and maintenance expenses, and increased capital expenditures, as well as potential asset impairment charges or accelerated depreciation and decommissioning expenses over shortened remaining asset useful lives.
market performance and other factors could decrease the value of ndt funds and employee benefit plan assets and could increase the related employee benefit plan obligations, which then could require significant additional funding. (all registrants)
disruptions in the capital markets and their actual or perceived effects on particular businesses and the greater economy could adversely affect the value of the investments held within generation’s ndts and exelon’s employee benefit plan trusts. the registrants have significant obligations in these areas and exelon and generation hold substantial assets in these trusts to meet those obligations. the asset values are subject to market fluctuations and will yield uncertain returns, which could fall below the registrants’ projected return rates. a decline in the market value of the ndt fund investments could increase generation’s funding requirements to decommission its nuclear plants. a decline in the market value of the pension and opeb plan assets will increase the funding requirements associated with exelon’s pension and opeb plan obligations. additionally, exelon’s pension and opeb plan liabilities are sensitive to changes in interest rates. as interest rates decrease, the liabilities increase, potentially increasing benefit costs and funding requirements. changes in demographics, including increased numbers of retirements or changes in life expectancy assumptions or changes to social security or medicare eligibility requirements could also increase the costs and funding requirements of
the obligations related to the pension and opeb plans. if future increases in pension and other postretirement costs as a result of reduced plan assets or other factors cannot be recovered, or cannot be recovered in a timely manner, from the utility registrants’ customers, the results of operations and financial position of the utility registrants could be negatively affected. ultimately, if the registrants are unable to manage the investments within the ndt funds and benefit plan assets, and are unable to manage the related benefit plan liabilities, their results of operations, cash flows or financial position could be negatively impacted.
unstable capital and credit markets and increased volatility in commodity markets could adversely affect the registrants’ businesses in several ways, including the availability and cost of short-term funds for liquidity requirements, the registrants’ ability to meet long-term commitments, generation’s ability to hedge effectively its generation portfolio, and the competitiveness and liquidity of energy markets; each could negatively impact the registrants’ results of operations, cash flows or financial position. (all registrants)
the registrants rely on the capital markets, particularly for publicly offered debt, as well as the banking and commercial paper markets, to meet their financial commitments and short-term liquidity needs if internal funds are not available from the registrants’ respective operations. disruptions in the capital and credit markets in the united states or abroad could adversely affect the registrants’ ability to access the capital markets or draw on their respective bank revolving credit facilities. the registrants’ access to funds under their credit facilities depends on the ability of the banks that are parties to the facilities to meet their funding commitments. those banks may not be able to meet their funding commitments to the registrants if they experience shortages of capital and liquidity or if they experience excessive volumes of borrowing requests from the registrants and other borrowers within a short period of time. the inability to access capital markets or credit facilities, and longer term disruptions in the capital and credit markets as a result of uncertainty, changing or increased regulation, reduced alternatives or failures of significant financial institutions could result in the deferral of discretionary capital expenditures, changes to generation’s hedging strategy in order to reduce collateral-posting requirements, or a reduction in dividend payments or other discretionary uses of cash.
in addition, the registrants have exposure to worldwide financial markets, including europe. disruptions in the european markets could reduce or restrict the registrants’ ability to secure sufficient liquidity or secure liquidity at reasonable terms. as of december 31, 2016, approximately 23%, or $2.2 billion of the registrants’ available credit facilities were with european banks. the credit facilities include $9.5 billion in aggregate total commitments of which $7.9 billion was available as of december 31, 2016. as of december 31, 2016, there was $75 million of borrowings under generation’s bilateral credit facilities. see note 14—debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the credit facilities.
the strength and depth of competition in energy markets depend heavily on active participation by multiple trading parties, which could be adversely affected by disruptions in the capital and credit markets and legislative and regulatory initiatives that could affect participants in commodities transactions. reduced capital and liquidity and failures of significant institutions that participate in the energy markets could diminish the liquidity and competitiveness of energy markets that are important to the respective businesses of the registrants. perceived weaknesses in the competitive strength of the energy markets could lead to pressures for greater regulation of those markets or attempts to replace market structures with other mechanisms for the sale of power, including the requirement of long-term contracts, which could have a material adverse effect on exelon’s and generation’s results of operations or cash flows.
if any of the registrants were to experience a downgrade in its credit ratings to below investment grade or otherwise fail to satisfy the credit standards in its agreements with its counterparties, it would be required to provide significant amounts of collateral under its agreements with counterparties and could experience higher borrowing costs. (all registrants)
generation’s business is subject to credit quality standards that could require market participants to post collateral for their obligations. if generation were to be downgraded or lose its investment grade credit rating (based on its senior unsecured debt rating) or otherwise fail to satisfy the credit standards of trading counterparties, it would be required under its hedging arrangements to provide collateral in the form of letters of credit or cash, which could have a material adverse effect upon its liquidity. the amount of collateral required to be provided by generation at any point in time depends on a variety of factors, including (1) the notional amount of the applicable hedge, (2) the nature of counterparty and related agreements, and (3) changes in power or other commodity prices. in addition, if generation were downgraded, it could experience higher borrowing costs as a result of the downgrade. generation could experience a downgrade in its ratings if any of the credit rating agencies concludes that the level of business or financial risk and overall creditworthiness of the power generation industry in general, or generation in particular, has deteriorated. changes in ratings methodologies by the credit rating agencies could also have a negative impact on the ratings of generation. generation has project-specific financing arrangements and must meet the requirements of various agreements relating to those financings. failure to meet those arrangements could give rise to a project-specific financing default which, if not cured or waived, could result in the specific project being required to repay the associated debt or other borrowings earlier than otherwise anticipated, and if such repayment were not made, the lenders or security holders would generally have rights to foreclose against the project assets and related collateral.
the utility registrants’ operating agreements with pjm and peco’s, bge’s and dpl’s natural gas procurement contracts contain collateral provisions that are affected by their credit rating and market prices. if certain wholesale market conditions were to exist and the utility registrants were to lose their investment grade credit ratings (based on their senior unsecured debt ratings), they would be required to provide collateral in the forms of letters of credit or cash, which could have a material adverse effect upon their liquidity. collateral posting requirements will generally increase as market prices rise and decrease as market prices fall. collateral posting requirements for peco, bge and dpl, with respect to their natural gas supply contracts, will generally increase as forward market prices fall and decrease as forward market prices rise. given the relationship to forward market prices, contract collateral requirements can be volatile. in addition, if the utility registrants were downgraded, they could experience higher borrowing costs as a result of the downgrade.
a utility registrant could experience a downgrade in its ratings if any of the credit rating agencies concludes that the level of business or financial risk and overall creditworthiness of the utility industry in general, or a utility registrant in particular, has deteriorated. a utility registrant could experience a downgrade if its current regulatory environment becomes less predictable by materially lowering returns for the utility registrant or adopting other measures to limit utility rates. additionally, the ratings for a utility registrant could be downgraded if its financial results are weakened from current levels due to weaker operating performance or due to a failure to properly manage its capital structure. in addition, changes in ratings methodologies by the agencies could also have a negative impact on the ratings of the utility registrants.
the utility registrants conduct their respective businesses and operate under governance models and other arrangements and procedures intended to assure that the utility registrants are treated as separate, independent companies, distinct from exelon and other exelon subsidiaries in order to isolate the utility registrants from exelon and other exelon subsidiaries in the event of financial difficulty at exelon or another exelon subsidiary. these measures (commonly referred to as “ring-
fencing”) could help avoid or limit a downgrade in the credit ratings of the utility registrants in the event of a reduction in the credit rating of exelon. despite these ring-fencing measures, the credit ratings of the utility registrants could remain linked, to some degree, to the credit ratings of exelon. consequently, a reduction in the credit rating of exelon could result in a reduction of the credit rating of some or all of the utility registrants. a reduction in the credit rating of a utility registrant could have a material adverse effect on the utility registrant.
see liquidity and capital resources—recent market conditions and security ratings for further information regarding the potential impacts of credit downgrades on the registrants’ cash flows.
generation’s financial performance could be negatively affected by price volatility, availability and other risk factors associated with the procurement of nuclear and fossil fuel. (exelon and generation)
generation depends on nuclear fuel and fossil fuels to operate most of its generating facilities. nuclear fuel is obtained predominantly through long-term uranium supply contracts, contracted conversion services, contracted enrichment services, or a combination thereof, and contracted fuel fabrication services. natural gas and oil are procured for generating plants through annual, short-term and spot-market purchases. the supply markets for nuclear fuel, natural gas and oil are subject to price fluctuations, availability restrictions and counterparty default that could negatively affect the results of operations or cash flows for generation.
generation’s risk management policies cannot fully eliminate the risk associated with its commodity trading activities. (exelon and generation)
generation’s asset-based power position as well as its power marketing, fuel procurement and other commodity trading activities expose generation to risks of commodity price movements. generation attempts to manage this exposure through enforcement of established risk limits and risk management procedures. these risk limits and risk management procedures may not work as planned and cannot eliminate all risks associated with these activities. even when its policies and procedures are followed, and decisions are made based on projections and estimates of future performance, results of operations could be diminished if the judgments and assumptions underlying those decisions prove to be incorrect. factors, such as future prices and demand for power and other energy-related commodities, become more difficult to predict and the calculations become less reliable the further into the future estimates are made. as a result, generation cannot predict the impact that its commodity trading activities and risk management decisions could have on its business, operating results, cash flows or financial position.
generation buys and sells energy and other products and enters into financial contracts to manage risk and hedge various positions in generation’s power generation portfolio. generation is exposed to volatility in financial results for unhedged positions.
financial performance and load requirements could be adversely affected if generation is unable to effectively manage its power portfolio. (exelon and generation)
a significant portion of generation’s power portfolio is used to provide power under procurement contracts with the utility registrants and other customers. to the extent portions of the power portfolio are not needed for that purpose, generation’s output is sold in the wholesale power markets. to the extent its power portfolio is not sufficient to meet the requirements of its customers under the related agreements, generation must purchase power in the wholesale power markets. generation’s financial results could be negatively affected if it is unable to cost-effectively meet the load requirements of its customers, manage its power portfolio and effectively address the changes in the wholesale power markets.
challenges to tax positions taken by the registrants as well as tax law changes and the inherent difficulty in quantifying potential tax effects of business decisions, could negatively impact the registrants’ results of operations or cash flows. (all registrants)
potential corporate tax reform. the results of the november 2016 u.s. elections have introduced greater uncertainty with respect to federal tax policies. president trump has stated that one of his top priorities is comprehensive tax reform and house republicans plan to advance their tax reform “blueprint”. tax reform proposals call for a reduction in the corporate federal income tax rate from the current 35% to as low as 15%. other proposals provide, among other items, for the immediate deduction of capital investment expenditures and full or partial elimination of debt interest expense deductions. it is uncertain whether, to what extent or when these or any other changes in federal tax policies will be enacted or the transition time frame for such changes. further, for the utility registrants, regulators may impose rate reductions to provide the benefit of any income tax expense reductions to customers and refund “excess” deferred income taxes previously collected through rates. the amounts and timing of any such rate changes would be subject to the discretion of the rate regulator in each specific jurisdiction. for these reasons, the registrants cannot predict the impact any potential changes may have on their future results of operations, cash flows or financial position, and such changes could be material.
tax reserves. the registrants are required to make judgments in order to estimate their obligations to taxing authorities. these tax obligations include income, real estate, sales and use and employment-related taxes and ongoing appeals issues related to these tax matters. these judgments include reserves established for potential adverse outcomes regarding tax positions that have been taken that could be subject to challenge by the tax authorities. see notes 1—significant accounting policies and note 15—income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
increases in customer rates and the impact of economic downturns could lead to greater expense for uncollectible customer balances. additionally, increased rates could lead to decreased volumes delivered. both of these factors could decrease generation’s and the utility registrants’ results from operations or cash flows. (all registrants)
the utility registrants’ current procurement plans include purchasing power through contracted suppliers and in the spot market. comed’s, peco’s and ace’s costs of purchased power are charged to customers without a return or profit component. bge’s, pepco’s and dpl’s sos rates charged to customers recover their wholesale power supply costs and include a return component. for peco, purchased natural gas costs are charged to customers with no return or profit component. for bge, purchased natural gas costs are charged to customers using a mbr mechanism that compares the actual cost of gas to a market index. the difference between the actual cost and the market index is shared equally between shareholders and customers. for dpl, purchased natural gas costs are charged to customers using a gcr mechanism that compares the actual cost of gas to a forecasted amount. the difference between the actual cost and the forecast is fully recoverable and carried forward as a recovery balance in the next gcr filing. purchased power and natural gas prices fluctuate based on their relevant supply and demand. significantly higher rates related to purchased power and natural gas could result in declines in customer usage, lower revenues and potentially additional uncollectible accounts expense for the utility registrants. in addition, any challenges by the regulators or the utility registrants as to the recoverability of these costs could have a material effect on the registrants’ results of operations or cash flows. also, the utility registrants’ cash flows could be affected by differences between the time period when electricity and natural gas are purchased and the ultimate recovery from customers.
further, the impacts of economic downturns on the utility registrants’ customers, such as unemployment for residential customers and less demand for products and services provided by
commercial and industrial customers, and the related regulatory limitations on residential service terminations, could result in an increase in the number of uncollectible customer balances’, which would negatively impact the utility registrants’ results of operations or cash flows. generation’s customer-facing energy delivery activities face similar economic downturn risks, such as lower volumes sold and increased expense for uncollectible customer balances which could negatively affect generation’s results of operations or cash flows. see item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk for further discussion of the registrants’ credit risk.
weather conditions directly influence the demand for electricity and natural gas and affect the price of energy commodities. temperatures above normal levels in the summer tend to increase summer cooling electricity demand and revenues, and temperatures below normal levels in the winter tend to increase winter heating electricity and gas demand and revenues. moderate temperatures adversely affect the usage of energy and resulting revenues at comed, peco, dpl and ace. due to revenue decoupling, bge, pepco and dpl recognize revenues at mdpsc and dcpsc-approved levels per customer, regardless of what actual distribution volumes are for a billing period, and are not affected by actual weather with the exception of major storms. pursuant to the illinois feja signed into law on december 2016 and effective in 2017, comed can eliminate the favorable or unfavorable impacts of weather or load on its electric distribution revenues by either (1) revising its electric distribution formula rate to eliminate the roe collar beginning with the reconciliation performed for the 2017 calendar year or (2) implementing a decoupling tariff if the electric distribution formula rate were to be terminated at anytime.
extreme weather conditions or damage resulting from storms could stress the utility registrants’ transmission and distribution systems, communication systems and technology, resulting in increased maintenance and capital costs and limiting each company’s ability to meet peak customer demand. these extreme conditions could have detrimental effects on the utility registrants’ results of operations or cash flows. first and third quarter financial results, in particular, are substantially dependent on weather conditions, and could make period comparisons less relevant.
generation’s operations are also affected by weather, which affects demand for electricity as well as operating conditions. to the extent that weather is warmer in the summer or colder in the winter than assumed, generation could require greater resources to meet its contractual commitments. extreme weather conditions or storms could affect the availability of generation and its transmission, limiting generation’s ability to source or send power to where it is sold. in addition, drought-like conditions limiting water usage could impact generation’s ability to run certain generating assets at full capacity. these conditions, which cannot be accurately predicted, could have an adverse effect by causing generation to seek additional capacity at a time when wholesale markets are tight or to seek to sell excess capacity at a time when markets are weak.
certain long-lived assets and other assets recorded on the registrants’ statements of financial position could become impaired, which would result in write-offs of the impaired amounts. (all registrants)
long-lived assets represent the single largest asset class on the registrants’ statements of financial position. specifically, long-lived assets account for 62%, 54%, 68%, 70%, 81%, 76%, 79% and 73% of total assets for exelon, generation, comed, peco, bge, pepco, dpl and ace, respectively, as of december 31, 2016. in addition, exelon and generation have significant balances related to unamortized energy contracts, as further disclosed in note 11—intangible assets of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements. the registrants evaluate the recoverability of
the carrying value of long-lived assets to be held and used whenever events or circumstances indicating a potential impairment exist. factors such as the business climate, including current and future energy and market conditions, environmental regulation, and the condition of assets are considered when evaluating long-lived assets for potential impairment. an impairment would require the registrants to reduce the carrying value of the long-lived asset to fair value through a non-cash charge to expense by the amount of the impairment, and such an impairment could have a material adverse impact on the registrants’ results of operations.
as of december 31, 2016, exelon’s $6.7 billion carrying amount of goodwill primarily consists of $2.6 billion at comed relating to the acquisition of comed in 2000 upon the formation of exelon and $4.0 billion at phi primarily resulting from exelon’s acquisition of phi in the first quarter of 2016. under gaap, goodwill remains at its recorded amount unless it is determined to be impaired, which is generally based upon an annual analysis that compares the implied fair value of the goodwill to its carrying value. if an impairment occurs, the amount of the impaired goodwill will be written-off to expense, which will also reduce equity. the actual timing and amounts of any goodwill impairments will depend on many sensitive, interrelated and uncertain variables. such an impairment would result in a non-cash charge to expense, which could have a material adverse impact on exelon’s, comed’s, and phi’s results of operations.
regulatory actions or changes in significant assumptions, including discount and growth rates, utility sector market performance and transactions, projected operating and capital cash flows for comed’s, pepco’s, dpl’s, and ace’s business, and the fair value of debt, could potentially result in future impairments of exelon’s, phi’s, and comed’s goodwill, which could be material.
see item 7. management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations—critical accounting policies and estimates and note 7—property, plant and equipment, note 8—impairment of long lived assets and note 11—intangible assets of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion on long-lived asset and goodwill impairments.
exelon and its subsidiaries at times guarantee the performance of third parties, which could result in substantial costs in the event of non-performance by such third parties. in addition, the registrants could have rights under agreements which obligate third parties to indemnify the registrants for various obligations, and the registrants could incur substantial costs in the event that the applicable registrant is unable to enforce those agreements or the applicable third-party is otherwise unable to perform. the registrants could also incur substantial costs in the event that third parties are entitled to indemnification related to environmental or other risks in connection with the acquisition and divestiture of assets. (all registrants)
some of the registrants have issued guarantees of the performance of third parties, which obligate the registrant or its subsidiaries to perform in the event that the third parties do not perform. in the event of non-performance by those third parties, a registrant could incur substantial cost to fulfill its obligations under these guarantees. such performance guarantees could have a material impact on the operating results, financial condition, or cash flows of the registrant. some of the registrants have issued indemnities to third parties regarding environmental or other matters in connection with purchases and sales of asset and a registrant could incur substantial costs to fulfill its obligations under these indemnities.
some of the registrants have entered into various agreements with counterparties that require those counterparties to reimburse a registrant and hold it harmless against specified obligations and claims. to the extent that any of these counterparties are affected by deterioration in their creditworthiness or the agreements are otherwise determined to be unenforceable, the affected
registrant could be held responsible for the obligations, which could impact that registrant’s results of operations, cash flows or financial position. in connection with exelon’s 2001 corporate restructuring, generation assumed certain of comed’s and peco’s rights and obligations with respect to their former generation businesses. further, comed and peco may have entered into agreements with third parties under which the third-party agreed to indemnify comed or peco for certain obligations related to their respective former generation businesses that have been assumed by generation as part of the restructuring. if the third-party or generation experienced events that reduced its creditworthiness or the indemnity arrangement became unenforceable, comed or peco could be liable for any existing or future claims, which could impact comed’s or peco’s results of operations, cash flows or financial position.
regulatory and legislative factors the registrants’ generation and energy delivery businesses are highly regulated and could be subject to regulatory and legislative actions that adversely affect their operations or financial results. fundamental changes in regulation or legislation or violation of tariffs or market rules and anti-manipulation laws, could disrupt the registrants’ business plans and adversely affect their operations or financial results. (all registrants)
substantially all aspects of the businesses of the registrants are subject to comprehensive federal or state regulation and legislation. further, exelon’s and generation’s operating results and cash flows are significantly affected by generation’s sale of power at market-based rates, as opposed to cost-based or other similarly regulated rates, and exelon’s and the utility registrants’ operating results and cash flows are heavily dependent on the ability of the utility registrants to recover their costs for the retail purchase and distribution of power to their customers. similarly, there is risk that financial market regulations could increase the registrants’ compliance costs and limit their ability to engage in certain transactions. in the planning and management of operations, the registrants must address the effects of regulation on their businesses and changes in the regulatory framework, including initiatives by federal and state legislatures, rtos, exchanges, ratemaking agencies and taxing authorities. additionally, the registrants need to be cognizant and understand rule changes or registrant actions that could result in potential violation of tariffs, market rules and anti-manipulation laws. fundamental changes in regulations or other adverse legislative actions affecting the registrants’ businesses would require changes in their business planning models and operations and could negatively impact their respective results of operations, cash flows or financial position.
regulatory and legislative developments related to climate change and rps could also significantly affect exelon’s and generation’s results of operations, cash flows or financial position. various legislative and regulatory proposals to address climate change through ghg emission reductions, if enacted, could result in increased costs to entities that generate electricity through carbon-emitting fossil fuels, which could increase the market price at which all generators in a region, including generation, could sell their output, thereby increasing the revenue generation could realize from its low-carbon nuclear assets. however, national regulation or legislation addressing climate change through an rps could also increase the pace of development of wind energy facilities in the midwest, which could put downward pressure on wholesale market prices for electricity from generation’s midwest nuclear assets, partially offsetting any additional value exelon and generation might derive from generation’s nuclear assets under a carbon constrained regulatory regime that might exist in the future. similarly, final regulations under section 111(d) of the clean air act may not provide sufficient incentives for states to utilize carbon-free nuclear power as a means of meeting greenhouse gas emission reduction requirements, while continuing a policy of favoring renewable energy sources. current state level climate change and renewable regulation is already providing incentives for regional wind development. the registrants cannot predict when or whether any of these various legislative and regulatory proposals could become law or what their effect will be on the registrants.
generation could be negatively affected by possible federal or state legislative or regulatory actions that could affect the scope and functioning of the wholesale markets. (exelon and generation)
federal and state legislative and regulatory bodies are facing pressures to address consumer concerns, or are themselves raising concerns, that energy prices in wholesale markets are too high or insufficient generation is being built because the competitive model is not working and, therefore, are considering some form of re-regulation or some other means of reducing wholesale market prices or subsidizing new generation. generation is dependent on robust and competitive wholesale energy markets to achieve its business objectives.
approximately 65% of generation’s generating resources, which include directly owned assets and capacity obtained through long-term contracts, are located in the area encompassed by pjm. generation’s future results of operations will depend on (1) ferc’s continued adherence to and support for, policies that favor the preservation of competitive wholesale power markets, such as pjm’s, and (2) the absence of material changes to market structures that would limit or otherwise negatively affect market competitiveness. generation could also be adversely affected by state laws, regulations or initiatives designed to reduce wholesale prices artificially below competitive levels or to subsidize new generation, such as the subsequently dismissed new jersey capacity legislation and the mdpsc’s rfp for new gas-fired generation in maryland. see note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further details related to the new jersey capacity legislation and the maryland new electric generation requirements.
in addition, ferc’s application of its order 697 and its subsequent revisions could pose a risk that generation will have difficulty satisfying ferc’s tests for market-based rates. since order 697 became final in june 2007, generation has obtained orders affirming generation’s authority to sell at market-based rates and none denying that authority.
the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act (the act) was enacted in july 2010. the part of the act that applies to exelon is title vii, which is known as the dodd-frank wall street transparency and accountability act (dodd-frank). dodd-frank requires the creation of a new regulatory regime for over-the-counter swaps (swaps), including mandatory clearing for certain categories of swaps, incentives to shift swap activity to exchange trading, margin and capital requirements, and other obligations designed to promote transparency. for non security-based swaps including commodity swaps, dodd-frank empowers the commodity futures trading commission (cftc) to promulgate regulations implementing the law’s objectives. the primary aim of dodd-frank is to regulate the key intermediaries in the swaps market, which entities are either swap dealers (sds), major swap participants (msps), and certain other financial entities, but the law also applies to a lesser degree to end-users of swaps. on january 12, 2015, president obama signed into law a bill that exempts from margin requirements swaps used by end-users to hedge or mitigate commercial risk. moreover, the cftc’s dodd-frank regulations preserve the ability of end users in the energy industry to hedge their risks using swaps without being subject to mandatory clearing, and accepts or exempts end-users from many of the other substantive regulations. accordingly, as an end-user, generation is conducting its commercial business in a manner that does not require registration with the cftc as an sd or msp. generation does not anticipate transacting in the future in a manner in which it would become a sd or msp.
there are, however, some rulemaking proceedings that have not yet been finalized, including the capital and margin rules for (non-cleared) swaps. generation does not expect these rules to directly impact its collateral requirements. however, depending on the substance of these final rules in addition to certain international regulatory requirements still under development and that are similar to dodd-frank, generation’s swap counterparties could be subject to additional and potentially significant
capitalization requirements. these regulations could motivate the sds and msps to increase collateral requirements or cash postings from their counterparties, including generation.
generation continues to monitor the rulemaking proceedings with respect to the capital and margin rules, but cannot predict to what extent, if any, further refinements to dodd-frank requirements could impact its cash flows or financial position, but such impacts could be material.
the utility registrants could also be subject to some dodd-frank requirements to the extent they were to enter into swaps. however, at this time, management of the utility registrants continue to expect that their companies will not be materially affected by dodd-frank.
generation’s affiliation with the utility registrants, together with the presence of a substantial percentage of generation’s physical asset base within the utility registrants’ service territories, could increase generation’s cost of doing business to the extent future complaints or challenges regarding the utility registrants’ retail rates result in settlements or legislative or regulatory requirements funded in part by generation. (exelon and generation)
generation has significant generating resources within the service areas of the utility registrants and makes significant sales to each of them. those facts tend to cause generation to be directly affected by developments in those markets. government officials, legislators and advocacy groups are aware of generation’s affiliation with the utility registrants and its sales to each of them. in periods of rising utility rates, particularly when driven by increased costs of energy production and supply, those officials and advocacy groups could question or challenge costs and transactions incurred by the utility registrants with generation, irrespective of any previous regulatory processes or approvals underlying those transactions. the prospect of such challenges could increase the time, complexity and cost of the associated regulatory proceedings, and the occurrence of such challenges could subject generation to a level of scrutiny not faced by other unaffiliated competitors in those markets. in addition, government officials and legislators could seek ways to force generation to contribute to efforts to mitigate potential or actual rate increases, through measures such as generation-based taxes and contributions to rate-relief packages.
the registrants could incur substantial costs to fulfill their obligations related to environmental and other matters. (all registrants)
the businesses which the registrants operate are subject to extensive environmental regulation and legislation by local, state and federal authorities. these laws and regulations affect the manner in which the registrants conduct their operations and make capital expenditures including how they handle air and water emissions and solid waste disposal. violations of these emission and disposal requirements could subject the registrants to enforcement actions, capital expenditures to bring existing facilities into compliance, additional operating costs for remediation and clean-up costs, civil penalties and exposure to third parties’ claims for alleged health or property damages or operating restrictions to achieve compliance. in addition, the registrants are subject to liability under these laws for the remediation costs for environmental contamination of property now or formerly owned by the registrants and of property contaminated by hazardous substances they generate. the registrants have incurred and expect to incur significant costs related to environmental compliance, site remediation and clean-up. remediation activities associated with mgp operations conducted by predecessor companies are one component of such costs. also, the registrants are currently involved in a number of proceedings relating to sites where hazardous substances have been deposited and could be subject to additional proceedings in the future.
if application of section 316(b) of the clean water act, which establishes a national requirement for reducing the adverse impacts to aquatic organisms at existing generating stations, requires the
retrofitting of cooling water intake structures at salem or other exelon power plants, this development could result in material costs of compliance. pursuant to discussions with the njdep regarding the application of section 316(b) to oyster creek, generation agreed to permanently cease generation operations at oyster creek by december 31, 2019, ten years before the expiration of its operating license in 2029. on july 28, 2016, the njdep issued a final permit for salem that did not require the installation of cooling towers. however, the permit is being challenged by an environmental organization, and if successful, could result in additional costs for clean water act compliance.
additionally, generation is subject to exposure for asbestos-related personal injury liability alleged at certain current and formerly owned generation facilities. future legislative action could require generation to make a material contribution to a fund to settle lawsuits for alleged asbestos-related disease and exposure.
in some cases, a third-party who has acquired assets from a registrant has assumed the liability the registrant could otherwise have for environmental matters related to the transferred property. if the transferee is unable, or fails, to discharge the assumed liability, a regulatory authority or injured person could attempt to hold the registrant responsible, and the registrant’s remedies against the transferee could be limited by the financial resources of the transferee. see note 24—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
changes in the utility registrants’ respective terms and conditions of service, including their respective rates, are subject to regulatory approval proceedings and/or negotiated settlements that are at times contentious, lengthy and subject to appeal, which lead to uncertainty as to the ultimate result and which could introduce time delays in effectuating rate changes. (exelon and the utility registrants)
the utility registrants are required to engage in regulatory approval proceedings as a part of the process of establishing the terms and rates for their respective services. these proceedings typically involve multiple parties, including governmental bodies and officials, consumer advocacy groups and various consumers of energy, who have differing concerns but who have the common objective of limiting rate increases or even reducing rates. the proceedings generally have timelines that may not be limited by statute. decisions are subject to appeal, potentially leading to additional uncertainty associated with the approval proceedings. the potential duration of such proceedings creates a risk that rates ultimately approved by the applicable regulatory body may not be sufficient for a utility registrant to recover its costs by the time the rates become effective. established rates are also subject to subsequent prudency reviews by state regulators, whereby various portions of rates could be adjusted, including recovery mechanisms for costs associated with the procurement of electricity or gas, bad debt, mgp remediation, smart grid infrastructure, and energy efficiency and demand response programs.
in certain instances, the utility registrants could agree to negotiated settlements related to various rate matters, customer initiatives or franchise agreements. these settlements are subject to regulatory approval.
the utility registrants cannot predict the ultimate outcomes of any settlements or the actions by illinois, pennsylvania, maryland, the district of columbia, delaware, new jersey or federal regulators in establishing rates, including the extent, if any, to which certain costs such as significant capital projects will be recovered or what rates of return will be allowed. nevertheless, the expectation is that the utility registrants will continue to be obligated to deliver electricity to customers in their respective service territories and will also retain significant default service obligations, referred to as polr, dsp, sos, and bgs, to provide electricity and natural gas to certain groups of customers in their respective service areas who do not choose an alternative supplier. the ultimate outcome and timing of regulatory
rate proceedings have a significant effect on the ability of the utility registrants, as applicable, to recover their costs and could have a material adverse effect on the utility registrants’ results of operations, cash flows and financial position. see note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding rate proceedings.
federal or additional state rps and/or energy conservation legislation, along with energy conservation by customers, could negatively affect the results of operations or cash flows of generation and the utility registrants. (all registrants)
changes to current state legislation or the development of federal legislation that requires the use of renewable and alternate fuel sources, such as wind, solar, biomass and geothermal, could significantly impact generation and the utility registrants, especially if timely cost recovery is not allowed for utility registrants. the impact could include increased costs for recs and purchased power and increased rates for customers.
federal and state legislation mandating the implementation of energy conservation programs that require the implementation of new technologies, such as smart meters and smart grid, have increased capital expenditures and could significantly impact the utility registrants if timely cost recovery is not allowed. furthermore, regulated energy consumption reduction targets and declines in customer energy consumption resulting from the implementation of new energy conservation technologies could lead to a decline in the revenues of exelon, generation and the utility registrants. for additional information, see item 1. business “environmental regulation-renewable and alternative energy portfolio standards.”
the impact of not meeting the criteria of the fasb guidance for accounting for the effects of certain types of regulation could be material to exelon and the utility registrants. (exelon and the utility registrants)
as of december 31, 2016, exelon and the utility registrants have concluded that the operations of the utility registrants meet the criteria of the authoritative guidance for accounting for the effects of certain types of regulation. if it is concluded in a future period that a separable portion of their businesses no longer meets the criteria, exelon, and the utility registrants would be required to eliminate the financial statement effects of regulation for that part of their business. that action would include the elimination of any or all regulatory assets and liabilities that had been recorded in their consolidated balance sheets and the recognition of a one-time charge in their consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. the impact of not meeting the criteria of the authoritative guidance could be material to the financial statements of exelon and the utility registrants. at december 31, 2016, the gain (loss) could have been as much as $2.5 billion, $(1.1) billion, $(552) million, $(821) million, $(208) million and $(476) million (before taxes) as a result of the elimination of regulatory assets and liabilities of comed, peco, bge, pepco, dpl and ace, respectively. further, exelon would record a charge against oci (before taxes) of up to $2.6 billion, $614 million, $424 million, $243 million, and $84 million for comed, bge, pepco, dpl and ace respectively, related to exelon’s net regulatory assets associated with its defined benefit postretirement plans. exelon also has a net regulatory liability of $47 million (before taxes) associated with peco’s defined benefit postretirement plans that would result in an increase in oci if reversed. the impacts and resolution of the above items could lead to an impairment of comed’s or phi’s goodwill, which could be significant and at least partially offset the gains at comed discussed above. a significant decrease in equity as a result of any changes could limit the ability of the utility registrants to pay dividends under federal and state law and no longer meeting the regulatory accounting criteria could cause significant volatility in future results of operations. see notes 1—significant accounting policies, 3—regulatory matters and 11—intangible assets of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding accounting for the effects of regulation, regulatory matters and comed’s and phi’s goodwill, respectively.
exelon and generation could incur material costs of compliance if federal and/or state regulation or legislation is adopted to address climate change. (exelon and generation)
various stakeholders, including legislators and regulators, shareholders and non-governmental organizations, as well as other companies in many business sectors, including utilities, are considering ways to address the effect of ghg emissions on climate change. in 2009, select northeast and mid-atlantic states implemented a model rule, developed via the rggi, to regulate co2 emissions from fossil-fired generation. rggi states are working on updated programs to further limit emissions, and the epa has introduced regulation to address greenhouse gases from new fossil plants that could potentially impact existing plants. if carbon reduction regulation or legislation becomes effective, exelon and generation could incur costs either to limit further the ghg emissions from their operations or to procure emission allowance credits. for example, more stringent permitting requirements could preclude the construction of lower-carbon nuclear and gas-fired power plants. similarly, a federal rps could increase the cost of compliance by mandating the purchase or construction of more expensive supply alternatives. for more information regarding climate change, see item 1. business “global climate change” and note 24—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
the registrants could be subject to higher costs and/or penalties related to mandatory reliability standards, including the likely exposure of the utility registrants to the results of pjm’s rtep and nerc compliance requirements. (all registrants)
as a result of the energy policy act of 2005, users, owners and operators of the bulk power transmission system, including generation and the utility registrants, are subject to mandatory reliability standards promulgated by nerc and enforced by ferc. as operators of natural gas distribution systems, peco, bge, and dpl are also subject to mandatory reliability standards of the u.s. department of transportation. the standards are based on the functions that need to be performed to ensure the bulk power system operates reliably and are guided by reliability and market interface principles. compliance with or changes in the reliability standards could subject the registrants to higher operating costs and/or increased capital expenditures. in addition, the icc, papuc, mdpsc, dcpsc, dpsc and njbpu impose certain distribution reliability standards on the utility registrants. if the registrants were found not to be in compliance with the mandatory reliability standards, they could be subject to remediation costs as well as sanctions, which could include substantial monetary penalties.
the utility registrants as transmission owners are subject to nerc compliance requirements. nerc provides guidance to transmission owners regarding assessments of transmission lines. the results of these assessments could require the utility registrants to incur incremental capital or operating and maintenance expenditures to ensure their transmission lines meet nerc standards.
see note 3—regulatory matters and note 24—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
the registrants could be subject to adverse publicity and reputational risks, which make them vulnerable to negative customer perception and could lead to increased regulatory oversight or other consequences. (all registrants)
the registrants have large consumer customer bases and as a result could be the subject of public criticism focused on the operability of their assets and infrastructure and quality of their service. adverse publicity of this nature could render legislatures and other governing bodies, public service commissions and other regulatory authorities, and government officials less likely to view energy companies such as exelon and its subsidiaries in a favorable light, and could cause exelon and its
subsidiaries to be susceptible to less favorable legislative and regulatory outcomes, as well as increased regulatory oversight and more stringent regulatory requirements. unfavorable regulatory outcomes can include the enactment of more stringent laws and regulations governing exelon’s operations, as well as fines, penalties or other sanctions or requirements. the imposition of any of the foregoing could have a material negative impact on the registrants’ business, results of operations, cash flows and financial positions.
the registrants cannot predict the outcome of the legal proceedings relating to their business activities. an adverse determination could negatively impact their results of operations, cash flows or financial position. (all registrants)
the registrants are involved in legal proceedings, claims and litigation arising out of their business operations, the most significant of which are summarized in note 24—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements. adverse outcomes in these proceedings could require significant expenditures that could have a material adverse effect on the registrants’ results of operations.
generation could be negatively affected by possible nuclear regulatory commission actions that could affect the operations and profitability of its nuclear generating fleet. (exelon and generation)
regulatory risk. a change in the atomic energy act or the applicable regulations or licenses could require a substantial increase in capital expenditures or could result in increased operating or decommissioning costs and significantly affect generation’s results of operations or financial position. events at nuclear plants owned by others, as well as those owned by generation, could cause the nrc to initiate such actions.
spent nuclear fuel storage. the approval of a national repository for the storage of snf, such as the one previously considered at yucca mountain, nevada, and the timing of such facility opening, will significantly affect the costs associated with storage of snf, and the ultimate amounts received from the doe to reimburse generation for these costs. the nrc’s temporary storage rule (also referred to as the “waste confidence decision”) recognizes that licensees can safely store snf at nuclear power plants for up to 60 years beyond the original and renewed licensed operating life of the plants.
any regulatory action relating to the timing and availability of a repository for snf could adversely affect generation’s ability to decommission fully its nuclear units. through may 15, 2014, in accordance with the nwpa and generation’s contract with the doe, generation paid the doe a fee per kwh of net nuclear generation for the cost of snf disposal. this fee was discontinued effective may 16, 2014. until such time as a new fee structure is in effect, exelon and generation will not accrue any further costs related to snf disposal fees. generation currently estimates 2030 to be the earliest date when the doe will begin accepting snf, which could be delayed by further regulatory action. see note 24—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the snf obligation. generation cannot predict what, if any, fee will be established in the future for snf disposal. however, such a fee could be material to generation’s results of operations or cash flows.
operational factors the registrants’ employees, contractors, customers and the general public could be exposed to a risk of injury due to the nature of the energy industry. (all registrants)
employees and contractors throughout the organization work in, and customers and the general public could be exposed to, potentially dangerous environments near their operations. as a result, employees, contractors, customers and the general public are at some risk for serious injury, including loss of life. these risks include nuclear accidents, dam failure, gas explosions, pole strikes and electric contact cases.
natural disasters, war, acts and threats of terrorism, pandemic and other significant events could negatively impact the registrants’ results of operations, their ability to raise capital and their future growth. (all registrants)
generation’s fleet of power plants and the utility registrants’ distribution and transmission infrastructures could be affected by natural disasters, such as seismic activity, extreme weather events, changes in temperature and precipitation patterns, changes to ground and surface water availability, sea level rise and other related phenomena. severe weather or other natural disasters could be destructive, which could result in increased costs, including supply chain costs. an extreme weather event within the registrants’ service areas can also directly affect their capital assets, causing disruption in service to customers due to downed wires and poles or damage to other operating equipment.
natural disasters and other significant events increase the risk to generation that the nrc or other regulatory or legislative bodies could change the laws or regulations governing, among other things, operations, maintenance, licensed lives, decommissioning, snf storage, insurance, emergency planning, security and environmental and radiological matters. in addition, natural disasters could affect the availability of a secure and economical supply of water in some locations, which is essential for generation’s continued operation, particularly the cooling of generating units. additionally, natural disasters and other events that have an adverse effect on the economy in general could adversely affect the registrants’ operations and their ability to raise capital.
the impact that potential terrorist attacks could have on the industry in general and on exelon in particular is uncertain. as owner-operators of infrastructure facilities, such as nuclear, fossil and hydroelectric generation facilities and electric and gas transmission and distribution facilities, the registrants face a risk that their operations would be direct targets or indirect casualties of an act of terror. any retaliatory military strikes or sustained military campaign could affect their operations in unpredictable ways, such as changes in insurance markets and disruptions of fuel supplies and markets, particularly oil. furthermore, these catastrophic events could compromise the physical or cyber security of exelon’s facilities, which could adversely affect exelon’s ability to manage its business effectively. instability in the financial markets as a result of terrorism, war, natural disasters, pandemic, credit crises, recession or other factors also could result in a decline in energy consumption, which could adversely affect the registrants’ results of operations and its ability to raise capital. in addition, the implementation of security guidelines and measures has resulted in and is expected to continue to result in increased costs.
the registrants could be significantly affected by the outbreak of a pandemic. exelon has plans in place to respond to a pandemic. however, depending on the severity of a pandemic and the resulting impacts to workforce and other resource availability, the ability to operate exelon’s generating and transmission and distribution assets could be affected, resulting in decreased service levels and increased costs.
in addition, exelon maintains a level of insurance coverage consistent with industry practices against property and casualty losses subject to unforeseen occurrences or catastrophic events that could damage or destroy assets or interrupt operations. however, there can be no assurance that the amount of insurance will be adequate to address such property and casualty losses.
generation’s financial performance could be negatively affected by matters arising from its ownership and operation of nuclear facilities. (exelon and generation)
nuclear capacity factors. capacity factors for generating units, particularly capacity factors for nuclear generating units, significantly affect generation’s results of operations. nuclear plant operations involve substantial fixed operating costs but produce electricity at low variable costs due to nuclear fuel costs typically being lower than fossil fuel costs. consequently, to be successful, generation must consistently operate its nuclear facilities at high capacity factors. lower capacity factors increase generation’s operating costs by requiring generation to produce additional energy from primarily its fossil facilities or purchase additional energy in the spot or forward markets in order to satisfy generation’s obligations to committed third-party sales, including the utility registrants. these sources generally have higher costs than generation incurs to produce energy from its nuclear stations.
nuclear refueling outages. in general, refueling outages are planned to occur once every 18 to 24 months. the total number of refueling outages, along with their duration, could have a significant impact on generation’s results of operations. when refueling outages last longer than anticipated or generation experiences unplanned outages, capacity factors decrease and generation faces lower margins due to higher energy replacement costs and/or lower energy sales.
nuclear fuel quality. the quality of nuclear fuel utilized by generation could affect the efficiency and costs of generation’s operations. certain of generation’s nuclear units have previously had a limited number of fuel performance issues. remediation actions could result in increased costs due to accelerated fuel amortization, increased outage costs and/or increased costs due to decreased generation capabilities.
operational risk. operations at any of generation’s nuclear generation plants could degrade to the point where generation has to shut down the plant or operate at less than full capacity. if this were to happen, identifying and correcting the causes could require significant time and expense. generation could choose to close a plant rather than incur the expense of restarting it or returning the plant to full capacity. in either event, generation could lose revenue and incur increased fuel and purchased power expense to meet supply commitments. for plants operated but not wholly owned by generation, generation could also incur liability to the co-owners. for plants not operated and not wholly owned by generation, from which generation receives a portion of the plants’ output, generation’s results of operations are dependent on the operational performance of the operators and could be adversely affected by a significant event at those plants. additionally, poor operating performance at nuclear plants not owned by generation could result in increased regulation and reduced public support for nuclear-fueled energy, which could significantly affect generation’s results of operations or financial position. in addition, closure of generating plants owned by others, or extended interruptions of generating plants or failure of transmission lines, could affect transmission systems that could adversely affect the sale and delivery of electricity in markets served by generation.
nuclear major incident risk. although the safety record of nuclear reactors generally has been very good, accidents and other unforeseen problems have occurred both in the united states and abroad. the consequences of a major incident could be severe and include loss of life and property damage. any resulting liability from a nuclear plant major incident within the united states, owned or operated by generation or owned by others, could exceed generation’s resources, including insurance coverage. uninsured losses and other expenses, to the extent not recovered from insurers or the
nuclear industry, could be borne by generation and could have a material adverse effect on generation’s results of operations or financial position. additionally, an accident or other significant event at a nuclear plant within the united states or abroad, whether owned generation or others, could result in increased regulation and reduced public support for nuclear-fueled energy and significantly affect generation’s results of operations or financial position.
nuclear insurance. as required by the price-anderson act, generation carries the maximum available amount of nuclear liability insurance. the required amount of nuclear liability insurance is $450 million for each operating site. claims exceeding that amount are covered through mandatory participation in a financial protection pool. in addition, the u.s. congress could impose revenue-raising measures on the nuclear industry to pay claims exceeding the $13.4 billion limit for a single incident.
generation is a member of an industry mutual insurance company, neil, which provides property and business interruption insurance for generation’s nuclear operations. in previous years, neil has made distributions to its members but generation cannot predict the level of future distributions or if they will occur at all. see note 24—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of nuclear insurance.
decommissioning. nrc regulations require that licensees of nuclear generating facilities demonstrate reasonable assurance that funds will be available in certain minimum amounts at the end of the life of the facility to decommission the facility. generation is required to provide to the nrc a biennial report by unit (annually for units that have been retired and units that are within five years of retirement) addressing generation’s ability to meet the nrc-estimated funding levels including scheduled contributions to and earnings on the decommissioning trust funds. the nrc funding levels are based upon the assumption that decommissioning will commence after the end of the current licensed life of each unit.
forecasting trust fund investment earnings and costs to decommission nuclear generating stations requires significant judgment, and actual results could differ significantly from current estimates. the performance of capital markets also could significantly affect the value of the trust funds. currently, generation is making contributions to certain trust funds of the former peco units based on amounts being collected by peco from its customers and remitted to generation. while generation, through peco, has recourse to collect additional amounts from peco customers (subject to certain limitations and thresholds), it has no recourse to collect additional amounts from utility customers for any of its other nuclear units if there is a shortfall of funds necessary for decommissioning. if circumstances changed such that generation would be unable to continue to make contributions to the trust funds of the former peco units based on amounts collected from peco customers, or if generation no longer had recourse to collect additional amounts from peco customers if there was a shortfall of funds for decommissioning, the adequacy of the trust funds related to the former peco units could be negatively affected and exelon’s and generation’s results of operations or financial position could be significantly affected. see note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
ultimately, if the investments held by generation’s ndts are not sufficient to fund the decommissioning of generation’s nuclear units, generation could be required to take steps, such as providing financial guarantees through letters of credit or parent company guarantees or making additional contributions to the trusts, which could be significant, to ensure that the trusts are adequately funded and that current and future nrc minimum funding requirements are met. as a result, generation’s cash flows or financial position could be significantly adversely affected. additionally, if the pledged assets are not sufficient to fund the zion station decommissioning activities under the asset sale agreement (asa), generation could have to seek remedies available under the asa to reduce the risk of default by zionsolutions and its parent. see note 16—asset retirement obligations of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
for nuclear units that are subject to regulatory agreements with either the icc or the papuc, decommissioning-related activities are generally offset within exelon’s and generation’s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. the offset of decommissioning-related activities within the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income results in an equal adjustment to the noncurrent payables to affiliates at generation and an adjustment to the regulatory liabilities at exelon. likewise, comed and peco have recorded an equal noncurrent affiliate receivable from generation and a corresponding regulatory liability.
in the case of the nuclear units subject to the regulatory agreements with the icc, if the funds held in the ndt funds for any former comed unit are expected to not exceed the total decommissioning obligation for that unit, the accounting to offset decommissioning-related activities in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income for that unit would be discontinued, the decommissioning-related activities would be recognized in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income and the adverse impact to exelon’s and generation’s results of operations and financial position could be material. additionally, any remaining balances in noncurrent payables to affiliates at generation and comed’s noncurrent affiliate receivable from generation and corresponding regulatory liability may need to be reversed and could have a material impact on generation’s consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income.
in the case of the nuclear units subject to the regulatory agreements with the papuc, any changes to the peco regulatory agreements could impact exelon’s and generation’s ability to offset decommissioning-related activities within the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income, and the impact to exelon’s and generation’s results of operations and financial position could be material. additionally, any remaining balances in noncurrent payables to affiliates at generation and peco’s noncurrent affiliate receivable from generation and corresponding regulatory liability may need to be reversed and could have a material impact on generation’s consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income.
generation’s financial performance could be negatively affected by risks arising from its ownership and operation of hydroelectric facilities. (exelon and generation)
ferc has the exclusive authority to license most non-federal hydropower projects located on navigable waterways, federal lands or connected to the interstate electric grid. the license for the muddy run pumped storage project expires on december 1, 2055. the license for the conowingo hydroelectric project expired september 1, 2014. ferc issued an annual license, effective as of the expiration of the previous license. if ferc does not issue a license prior to the expiration of the annual license, the annual license will renew automatically. generation cannot predict whether it will receive all the regulatory approvals for the renewed licenses of its hydroelectric facilities. if ferc does not issue new operating licenses for generation’s hydroelectric facilities or a station cannot be operated through the end of its operating license, generation’s results of operations could be adversely affected by increased depreciation rates and accelerated future decommissioning costs, since depreciation rates and decommissioning cost estimates currently include assumptions that license renewal will be received. generation could also lose revenue and incur increased fuel and purchased power expense to meet supply commitments. in addition, conditions could be imposed as part of the license renewal process that could adversely affect operations, could require a substantial increase in capital expenditures or could result in increased operating costs and significantly affect generation’s results of operations or financial position. similar effects could result from a change in the federal power act or the applicable regulations due to events at hydroelectric facilities owned by others, as well as those owned by generation.
the registrants’ businesses are capital intensive, and their assets could require significant expenditures to maintain and are subject to operational failure, which could result in potential liability. (all registrants)
the registrants’ businesses are capital intensive and require significant investments by generation in electric generating facilities and by the utility registrants in transmission and distribution infrastructure projects. these operational systems and infrastructure have been in service for many years. equipment, even if maintained in accordance with good utility practices, is subject to operational failure, including events that are beyond the registrants’ control, and could require significant expenditures to operate efficiently. the registrants’ respective results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows could be adversely affected if they were unable to effectively manage their capital projects or raise the necessary capital. furthermore, operational failure of electric or gas systems or infrastructure could result in potential liability if such failure results in damage to property or injury to individuals. see item 1. business for further information regarding the registrants’ potential future capital expenditures.
the utility registrants’ operating costs, and customers’ and regulators’ opinions of the utility registrants are affected by their ability to maintain the availability and reliability of their delivery and operational systems. (exelon and the utility registrants)
failures of the equipment or facilities, including information systems, used in the utility registrants’ delivery systems could interrupt the electric transmission and electric and natural gas delivery, which could negatively impact related revenues, and increase maintenance and capital expenditures. equipment or facilities failures can be due to a number of factors, including weather or information systems failure. specifically, if the implementation of advanced metering infrastructure, smart grid or other technologies in the utility registrants’ service territory fail to perform as intended or are not successfully integrated with billing and other information systems, the utility registrants’ results of operations, cash flows or financial condition could be negatively impacted. furthermore, if any of the financial, accounting, or other data processing systems fail or have other significant shortcomings, the utility registrants’ financial results could be negatively impacted. if an employee causes the operational systems to fail, either as a result of inadvertent error or by deliberately tampering with or manipulating the operational systems, the utility registrants’ financial results could also be negatively impacted. in addition, dependence upon automated systems could further increase the risk that operational system flaws or employee tampering or manipulation of those systems will result in losses that are difficult to detect.
the aforementioned failures or those of other utilities, including prolonged or repeated failures, could affect customer satisfaction and the level of regulatory oversight and the utility registrants’ maintenance and capital expenditures. regulated utilities, which are required to provide service to all customers within their service territory, have generally been afforded liability protections against claims by customers relating to failure of service. under illinois law, however, comed could be required to pay damages to its customers in some circumstances involving extended outages affecting large numbers of its customers, and those damages could be material to comed’s results of operations or cash flows. see note 24—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding proceedings related to storm-related outages in comed’s service territory.
the utility registrants’ respective ability to deliver electricity, their operating costs and their capital expenditures could be negatively impacted by transmission congestion and failures of neighboring transmission systems. (all registrants)
demand for electricity within the utility registrants’ service areas could stress available transmission capacity requiring alternative routing or curtailment of electricity usage with consequent
effects on operating costs, revenues and results of operations. also, insufficient availability of electric supply to meet customer demand could jeopardize the utility registrants’ ability to comply with reliability standards and strain customer and regulatory agency relationships. as with all utilities, potential concerns over transmission capacity or generation facility retirements could result in pjm or ferc requiring the utility registrant’s to upgrade or expand their respective transmission systems through additional capital expenditures.
the electricity transmission facilities of the utility registrants are interconnected with the transmission facilities of neighboring utilities and are part of the interstate power transmission grid that is operated by pjm rto. although pjm’s systems and operations are designed to ensure the reliable operation of the transmission grid and prevent the operations of one utility from having an adverse impact on the operations of the other utilities, there can be no assurance that service interruptions at other utilities will not cause interruptions in the utility registrants’ service areas. if the utility registrants were to suffer such a service interruption, it could have a negative impact on their and exelon’s results of operations, cash flows and financial position.
the registrants are subject to physical security and cybersecurity risks. (all registrants)
the registrants face physical security and cybersecurity risks as the owner-operators of generation, transmission and distribution facilities and as participants in commodities trading. threat sources continue to seek to exploit potential vulnerabilities in the electric and natural gas utility industry associated with protection of sensitive and confidential information, grid infrastructure and other energy infrastructures, and such attacks and disruptions, both physical and cyber, are becoming increasingly sophisticated and dynamic. continued implementation of advanced digital technologies increase the potentially unfavorable impacts of such attacks. a security breach of the physical assets or information systems of the registrants, their competitors, interconnected entities in rtos and isos, or regulators could impact the operation of the generation fleet and/or reliability of the transmission and distribution system or subject the registrants to financial harm associated with theft or inappropriate release of certain types of information, including critical infrastructure information, sensitive customer, vendor and employee data, trading or other confidential data. the risk of these system-related events and security breaches occurring continues to intensify, and while we have been, and will likely continue to be, subjected to physical and cyber-attacks, to date we have not experienced a material breach or disruption to our network or information systems or our service operations. however, as such attacks continue to increase in sophistication and frequency, the registrants may be unable to prevent all such attacks in the future. if a significant breach were to occur, the reputation of exelon and its customer supply activities could be adversely affected, customer confidence in the registrants or others in the industry could be diminished, or exelon and its subsidiaries could be subject to legal claims, any of which could contribute to the loss of customers and have a negative impact on the business and/or results of operations. moreover, the amount and scope of insurance maintained against losses resulting from any such events or security breaches may not be sufficient to cover losses or otherwise adequately compensate for any disruptions to business that could result. the utility registrants’ deployment of smart meters throughout their service territories could increase the risk of damage from an intentional disruption of the system by third parties. in addition, new or updated security regulations or unforeseen threat sources could require changes in current measures taken by the registrants or their business operations and could adversely affect their results of operations, cash flows and financial position.
failure to attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce could negatively impact the registrants’ results of operations. (all registrants)
certain events, such as an employee strike, loss of contract resources due to a major event, and an aging workforce without appropriate replacements, could lead to operating challenges and
increased costs for the registrants. the challenges include lack of resources, loss of knowledge and a lengthy time period associated with skill development. in this case, costs, including costs for contractors to replace employees, productivity costs and safety costs, could arise. the registrants are particularly affected due to the specialized knowledge required of the technical and support employees for their generation, transmission and distribution operations. if the registrants are unable to successfully attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce, their results of operations could be negatively impacted.
the registrants could make investments in new business initiatives, including initiatives mandated by regulators, and markets that may not be successful, and acquisitions could not achieve the intended financial results. (all registrants)
generation could continue to pursue growth in its existing businesses and markets and further diversification across the competitive energy value chain. this could include investment opportunities in renewables, development of natural gas generation, distributed generation, potential expansion of the existing wholesale gas businesses and entry into liquefied natural gas. such initiatives could involve significant risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management from current operations, inadequate return on capital, and unidentified issues not discovered in the diligence performed prior to launching an initiative or entering a market. as these markets mature, there could be new market entrants or expansion by established competitors that increase competition for customers and resources. additionally, it is possible that ferc, state public utility commissions or others could impose certain other restrictions on such transactions. all of these factors could result in higher costs or lower revenues than expected, resulting in lower than planned returns on investment.
the utility registrants face risks associated with their regulatory-mandated smart grid initiatives. these risks include, but are not limited to, cost recovery, regulatory concerns, cybersecurity and obsolescence of technology. due to these risks, no assurance can be given that such initiatives will be successful and will not have a material adverse effect on the utility registrants’ financial results.
risks related to the phi merger the merger may not achieve its anticipated results, and exelon could be unable to integrate the operations of phi in the manner expected. (exelon)
exelon and phi entered into the merger agreement with the expectation that the merger will result in various benefits, including, among other things, cost savings and operating efficiencies. achieving the anticipated benefits of the merger is subject to a number of uncertainties, including whether the businesses of exelon and phi can be integrated in an efficient, effective and timely manner.
it is possible that the integration process could take longer than anticipated and could result in the loss of valuable employees, the disruption of exelon’s businesses, processes and systems or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures, practices and policies, any of which could adversely affect the combined company’s ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of the merger as and when expected. exelon could have difficulty addressing possible differences in corporate cultures and management philosophies. failure to achieve these anticipated benefits could result in increased costs and could adversely affect exelon’s future business, financial condition, operating results and prospects.
the merger may not be accretive to earnings and could cause dilution to exelon’s earnings per share, which could negatively affect the market price of exelon’s common stock. (exelon)
the timing and amount of accretion expected could be significantly adversely affected by a number of uncertainties, including market conditions, risks related to exelon’s businesses and whether
the business of phi is integrated in an efficient and effective manner. exelon also could encounter additional transaction and integration-related costs, could fail to realize all of the benefits anticipated in the merger or be subject to other factors that affect preliminary estimates. any of these factors could cause a decrease in exelon’s adjusted earnings per share or decrease or delay the expected accretive effect of the merger and contribute to a decrease in the price of exelon’s common stock.
exelon could incur unexpected transaction fees and merger-related costs in connection with the merger. (exelon, phi, pepco, dpl and ace)
exelon is incurring costs to combine the operations of exelon, phi and its subsidiaries. exelon and phi could incur additional unanticipated costs in the integration of the businesses of the two companies. although exelon and phi expect that the elimination of certain duplicative costs, as well as the realization of other efficiencies related to the integration of the two businesses, will offset the incremental transaction and merger-related costs over time, the combined company may not achieve this net benefit in the near term, or at all.
exelon could encounter unexpected difficulties or costs in meeting commitments it made under various orders and agreements associated with regulatory approvals for the phi merger. (exelon, phi, pepco, dpl and ace)
as a result of the process to obtain regulatory approvals required for the phi merger, exelon is committed to various programs, contributions and investments in several settlement agreements and regulatory approval orders, one of which may remain subject to the “most favored nation” reconciliation process. it is possible that exelon could encounter delays, unexpected difficulties, or additional costs in meeting these commitments in compliance with the terms of the relevant agreements and orders. failure to fulfill the commitments in accordance with their terms could result in increased costs or result in penalties or fines that could adversely affect exelon’s, phi’s, pepco’s, dpl’s and ace’s financial position and operating results.
atlantic city electric company                                                                   84
item 7.    management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations            85
executive overview                                                                               85
financial results of operations                                                                  86
significant 2016 transactions and developments                                                   92
exelon’s strategy and outlook for 2017 and beyond                                                95
liquidity considerations                                                                         96
other key business drivers and management strategies                                             97
critical accounting policies and estimates                                                      104
atlantic city electric company                                                                  170
liquidity and capital resources                                                                 176
atlantic city electric company                                                                  233
item 7a.   quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk                                      205
atlantic city electric company                                                                  234
item 8.    financial statements and supplementary data                                                     235
atlantic city electric company                                                                  303
combined notes to consolidated financial statements                                             308
2. variable interest entities                                                                   328
3. regulatory matters                                                                           338
item 7.   management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
exelon executive overview exelon, a utility services holding company, operates through the following principal subsidiaries:
•   generation, whose integrated business consists of the generation, physical delivery and marketing of power across multiple geographical regions through its customer-facing business, constellation, which sells electricity and natural gas to both wholesale and retail customers. generation also sells renewable energy and other energy-related products and services.
•   comed, whose business consists of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of electricity transmission and distribution services in northern illinois, including the city of chicago.
•   peco, whose business consists of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of electricity distribution and transmission services in southeastern pennsylvania, including the city of philadelphia, and the purchase and regulated retail sale of natural gas and the provision of distribution services in the pennsylvania counties surrounding the city of philadelphia.
•   bge, whose business consists of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and natural gas and the provision of electricity distribution and transmission and gas distribution services in central maryland, including the city of baltimore.
•   pepco, whose business consists of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of electricity distribution and transmission in the district of columbia and major portions of prince george’s county and montgomery county in maryland.
•   dpl, whose business consists of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of electricity distribution and transmission services in portions of maryland and delaware, and the purchase and regulated retail sale of natural gas and the provision of natural gas distribution services in northern delaware.
•   ace, whose business consists of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of electricity transmission and distribution services in southern new jersey.
pepco, dpl and ace are operating companies of phi, which is a utility services holding company and a wholly owned subsidiary of exelon.
exelon has twelve reportable segments consisting of generation’s six reportable segments (mid-atlantic, midwest, new england, new york, ercot and other power regions in generation), comed, peco, bge and phi’s three utility reportable segments (pepco, dpl and ace). see note 26—segment information of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding exelon’s reportable segments.
through its business services subsidiary bsc, exelon provides its operating subsidiaries with a variety of support services at cost. the costs of these services are directly charged or allocated to the applicable operating segments. additionally, the results of exelon’s corporate operations include costs for corporate governance and interest costs and income from various investment and financing activities.
phi service company, a wholly owned subsidiary of phi, provides a variety of support services at cost, including legal, accounting, engineering, distribution and transmission planning, asset management, system operations, and power procurement, to phi and its operating subsidiaries. these services are directly charged or allocated pursuant to service agreements among phi service company and the participating operating subsidiaries.
exelon’s consolidated financial information includes the results of its eight separate operating subsidiary registrants, generation, comed, peco, bge, phi, pepco, dpl and ace, which, along with exelon, are collectively referred to as the registrants. the following combined management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is separately filed by exelon, generation, comed, peco, bge, phi, pepco, dpl and ace. however, none of the registrants makes any representation as to information related solely to any of the other registrants.
financial results of operations gaap results of operations the following tables set forth exelon’s gaap consolidated results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. 2016 amounts include the operations of phi, pepco, dpl and ace from march 24, 2016 through december 31, 2016. all amounts presented below are before the impact of income taxes, except as noted.
for the years ended december 31,             favorable
gain (loss) on sales of assets                                                                           (59   )                 7                     —                     —                    (1   )                  5                    (48   )                 18                   (66   )
income (loss) before income taxes                                                                        873                   679                   587                   468                   (58   )               (560   )              1,989                  3,330                (1,341   )
equity in (losses) earnings of unconsolidated affiliates                                                 (25   )                 —                     —                     —                     —                      1                    (24   )                 (7   )               (17   )
net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests and preference stock dividends                 62                     —                     —                     8                     —                      —                     70                    (19   )                89
(a)                                                             the registrants’ evaluate operating performance using the measure of revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense.
the registrants’ believe that revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense is a useful measurement because it provides information that can be used to evaluate its operational performance. revenues net of purchased power and fuel
expense is not a presentation defined under gaap and may not be comparable to other companies’ presentations or deemed more useful than the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report.
exelon’s net income attributable to common shareholders was $1,134 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 as compared to $2,269 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, and diluted earnings per average common share were $1.22 for the year ended december 31, 2016 as compared to $2.54 for the year ended december 31, 2015.
operating revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense, which is a non-gaap measure discussed below, increased by $2,357 million as compared to 2015. the year-over-year increase was primarily due to the following favorable factors:
•   increase of $2,196 million in revenue net of purchased power and fuel due to the inclusion of phi’s results for the period of march 24, 2016 to december 31, 2016;
•   increase of $210 million at comed primarily due to increased distribution and transmission formula rate revenue resulting from increased capital investment, as well as, favorable weather;
•   increase of $109 million at bge primarily due to increased transmission revenue as a result of increased capital investments and operating and maintenance expense recoveries and increased distribution revenue pursuant to increased rates as a result of the distribution rate orders issued by the mdpsc in june 2016 and july 2016;
•   increase of $105 million at generation primarily due to the impact of the ginna reliability support services agreement and a decrease in nuclear outage days at higher capacity units despite an increase in overall outage days, partially offset by lower realized energy prices; and
the year-over-year increase in operating revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense described above was partially offset by a decrease of $298 million at generation due to mark-to-market losses of $41 million in 2016 from economic hedging activities as compared to gains of $257 million in 2015.
operating and maintenance expense increased by $1,726 million as compared to 2015. the year-over-year increase was primarily due to the following unfavorable factors:
•   increase of $910 million, exclusive of merger commitment costs discussed above, due to the inclusion of phi’s results for the period march 24, 2016 to december 31, 2016;
•   approval of the merger across all regulatory jurisdictions was conditioned on exelon and phi agreeing to certain commitments pursuant to which, upon acquisition close, exelon recorded $513 million of costs;
•   increase in generation’s labor, contracting and materials cost of $185 million related to the inclusion of pepco energy services results in 2016 and increased contracting costs related to energy efficiency projects;
•   increase of $54 million at bge primarily as a result of one-time charges associated with the reduction of regulatory assets and other long-lived assets stemming from certain cost disallowances contained within the distribution rate orders issued by the mdpsc in june and july 2016; and
•   increase of $28 million at generation for the recognition of one-time charges associated with generation’s 2016 decision to early retire the clinton and quad cities nuclear generating facilities.
the year-over-year increase in operating and maintenance expense was partially offset by the following favorable factors:
•   decrease of $79 million at generation as a result of the annual update of the generation nuclear decommissioning obligation related to the non-regulatory units in 2016 versus
•   decrease of $77 million in pension and non-pension post-retirement benefit costs resulting from the favorable impact of higher pension and opeb discount rates in 2016.
depreciation and amortization expense increased by $1,486 million primarily as a result of accelerated depreciation and amortization expense related to generation’s previous decision to early retire the clinton and quad cities nuclear generating facilities, increased nuclear decommissioning amortization at generation, increased depreciation expense due to ongoing capital expenditures across all operating companies and the inclusion of phi’s results for the period of march 24, 2016 to december 31, 2016.
taxes other than income increased $376 million primarily due to increased property and utility taxes as a result of the inclusion of phi’s results for the period march 24, 2016 to december 31, 2016.
gain (loss) on sales of assets decreased $66 million primarily due to certain generation projects and contracts being terminated or renegotiated in 2016, partially offset by a gain associated with generation’s sale of the retired new boston generating site in 2016.
interest expense, net increased by $503 million primarily due to the recognition of the interest due on the asserted penalty related to the tax court’s decision on exelon’s like-kind exchange tax position, higher outstanding debt to fund the phi acquisition and general corporate purposes and the absence of the forward-starting interest rate swaps in 2016.
other, net increased by $459 million primarily due to the change in realized and unrealized gains and losses on ndt funds at generation, partially offset by the recognition of the penalty related to the tax court’s decision on exelon’s like-kind exchange tax position.
exelon’s effective income tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015 were 38.3% and 32.2%, respectively. see note 15—income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the components of the effective income tax rates. exelon recorded an after-tax charge of $98 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 as a result of the assessment and remeasurement of certain federal and state phi, pepco, dpl and ace uncertain tax positions.
for further detail regarding the financial results for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, including explanation of the non-gaap measure revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense, see the discussions of results of operations by segment below.
adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings exelon’s adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings for the year ended december 31, 2016 were $2,488 million, or $2.68 per diluted share, compared with adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings of $2,227 million, or $2.49 per diluted share, for the same period in 2015. in addition to net income, exelon evaluates its operating performance using the measure of adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings because management believes it represents earnings directly related to the ongoing operations of the business. adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings exclude certain costs, expenses, gains and losses and other specified items. this information is intended to enhance an investor’s overall understanding of year-to-year operating results and provide an indication of exelon’s baseline operating performance excluding items that are considered by management to be not directly related to the ongoing operations of the business. in addition, this information is among the primary indicators management uses as a basis for evaluating performance, allocating resources, setting incentive compensation targets and planning and forecasting of future periods. adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings is not a presentation defined under gaap and may not be comparable to other companies’ presentations or deemed more useful than the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report.
the following table provides a reconciliation between net income attributable to common shareholders as determined in accordance with gaap and adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings for the year ended december 31, 2016 as compared to 2015:
for the years ended december 31,
mark-to-market impact of                                                    24                     0.03                   (158   )                (0.18   )
economic hedging activities (a)
unrealized (gains) losses related to ndt fund investments                 (118   )                (0.13   )                115                     0.13
plant retirements and divestitures (c)                                     432                     0.47                      —                        —
merger and integration costs (e)                                           114                     0.12                     58                     0.07
amortization of commodity contract intangibles                              35                     0.04                     (5   )                    —
mark-to-market impact of phi                                                 —                        —                    (21   )                (0.02   )
phi merger related redeemable debt exchange                                  —                        —                     13                     0.01
merger commitments (n)                                                     437                     0.47                      —                        —
curtailment of generation growth and development activities                 57                     0.06                      —                        —
cost management program (p)                                                 34                     0.04                      —                        —
like-kind exchange tax position (q)                                        199                     0.21                      —                        —
ceng noncontrolling interests (r)                                          102                     0.11                    (32   )                (0.04   )
(a)   reflects the impact of (gains) losses for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015 (net of taxes of $18 million and $99 million, respectively) on generation’s economic hedging activities. see note
13—derivative financial instruments of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional detail related to generation’s hedging activities.
(b)      reflects the impact of unrealized (gains) losses for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015 (net of taxes of
$112 million and $148 million, respectively) on generation’s ndt fund investments for non-regulatory agreement units.
see note 16—asset retirement obligations of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional detail related to generation’s ndt fund investments.
(c)                        primarily reflects incremental accelerated depreciation and amortization expenses from june 2, 2016 through december 6, 2016 and construction work in progress impairments pursuant to the second quarter decision to early retire the clinton and quad cities nuclear generating facilities, which decision was reversed in december 2016 (net of taxes of $285 million), partially offset by a gain associated with generation’s 2016 sale of the new boston generating site (net of taxes of $12 million).
(d)         reflects a non-cash benefit pursuant to the annual update of the generation nuclear decommissioning obligation related to the non-regulatory agreement units for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015 (net of taxes of $13 million and $4 million, respectively).
(e)                          reflects certain costs associated with mergers and acquisitions incurred for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015 (net of taxes of $50 million and $38 million, respectively) including professional fees, employee-related expenses, integration activities and upfront credit facilities fees related to the phi acquisition and pending fitzpatrick acquisition, partially offset in 2016 at comed, bge and phi by the anticipated recovery of previously incurred phi acquisition costs.
(f)   reflects the non-cash impact for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015 (net of taxes of $22 million and $3 million, respectively) of the amortization of commodity contracts recorded at fair value associated with prior acquisitions, if and when applicable.
(g)   reflects the non-cash impacts of the remeasurement of state deferred income taxes, primarily as a result of changes in forecasted apportionment.
(h)   reflects impairment of upstream assets and certain wind projects in 2016 (net of taxes of $68 million) and the impairment of investment in long-term leases at corporate in 2015 (net of taxes of $13 million).
(i)   reflects a benefit related to the favorable settlement in 2015 of certain income tax positions on constellation’s pre-acquisition tax returns.
(j)   reflects the impact of mark-to-market activity on forward-starting interest rate swaps held at exelon corporate related to financing for the phi acquisition for the year ended december 31, 2015 (net of taxes of $14 million).
(k)   reflects the costs associated with the exchange and redemption in december 2015 of certain mandatorily redeemable debt issued to finance the phi merger (net of taxes of $8 million in 2015).
(l)   reflects the reduction of a previously recorded state income tax reserve associated with the 2014 sales of keystone and conemaugh for the year ended december 31, 2015.
(m)   reflects a benefit for the favorable settlement of a long-term railcar lease agreement pursuant to the midwest generation bankruptcy for the year ended december 31, 2015 (net of taxes of $4 million).
(n)   represents adjustments to costs incurred as part of the settlement orders approving the phi acquisition and a charge related to a 2012 ceg merger commitment for the year ended december 31, 2016 (net of taxes of
(o)   reflects the one-time recognition for a loss on sale of assets and asset impairment charges pursuant to generation’s strategic decision to narrow the scope and scale of its growth and development activities for the year ended december 31, 2016 (net of taxes of $35 million).
(p)   represents 2016 severance expense and reorganization costs related to a cost management program (net of taxes of $21 million).
(q)   represents the recognition of a penalty and associated interest expense in the third quarter of 2016, as a result of a tax court decision on exelon’s like-kind exchange tax position (net of taxes of $61 million).
(r)   represents elimination from generation’s results of the noncontrolling interests related to ceng exclusion items, primarily related to the impact of unrealized gains and losses on ndt fund investments and changes in asset retirement obligations in 2016, and in 2015 the impact of unrealized gains and losses on ndt fund investments and mark-to-market activity.
merger and acquisition costs on march 23, 2016, the exelon and phi merger was completed. on the merger date, phi shareholders received $27.25 of cash in exchange for each share of phi common stock. the resulting company retained the exelon name and is headquartered in chicago.
as a result of the phi merger, exelon has incurred costs associated with evaluating, structuring and executing the phi merger transaction itself, and will continue to incur cost associated with meeting the various commitments set forth by regulators and agreed-upon with other interested parties as part of the merger approval process, and integrating the former phi businesses into exelon.
the table below presents the one-time pre-tax charges recognized for the phi merger included in the registrant’s respective consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income.
successor for the year ended december 31, 2016                                                              march 24,
exelon                generation                  pepco                 dpl                 ace   phi merger commitments                                             $513                  $3                           $126                 $86                $111   $323
changes in accounting and tax related policies and estimates         —                       —                      25                  15                   5            —
in addition to the one-time phi merger charges discussed above, for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, expense has been recognized for the phi merger, constellation acquisition and the pending fitzpatrick acquisition as follows:
pre-tax expense for the year ended december 31, 2016
merger integration and      exelon (a)              generation (a)           comed             peco              bge              phi (a)             pepco (a)             dpl (a)             ace (a)
acquisition expense:
transaction (c)                     34                           2                —                 —                —                  —                    —                    —                   —
pre-tax expense for the year ended december 31, 2015
merger integration and acquisition expense:      exelon             generation                comed               peco                bge financing (b)                                       $21             $—                        $—                  $—                  $—
transaction (c)                                      23                     —                      —                   —                   —
(a)   for exelon, generation, phi, pepco, dpl, and ace, includes the operations of the acquired businesses beginning on march 24, 2016.
(b)   reflects costs incurred at exelon related to the financing of the phi merger, including upfront credit facility fees and mark-to-market activity on forward-starting interest rate swaps and costs associated with the exchange and redemption of mandatorily redeemable debt.
(c)   external, third party costs paid to advisors, consultants, lawyers and other experts to assist in the due diligence and regulatory approval processes and in the closing of transactions.
(d)   costs primarily for employee severance, pension and opeb expense and retention bonuses.
(e)                              for the year ended december 31, 2016, includes the reversal of previously incurred acquisition, integration and financing costs of $8 million, $6 million, $11 million, $4 million and
$16 million incurred at comed, bge, pepco, dpl and phi, respectively, that has been deferred and recorded as a regulatory asset for anticipated recovery. see note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for more information. for the year ended december 31, 2015, includes costs to integrate ceng, constellation and integrys systems into exelon and terminate certain constellation debt agreements. also includes professional fees primarily related to integration for the phi acquisition.
as of december 31, 2016, exelon expects to incur total phi acquisition and integration related costs of approximately $700 million, excluding merger commitments. of this amount, including costs incurred from 2014 through december 31, 2016, exelon and phi have incurred approximately $610 million. included in this amount are costs to fund the merger of which $76 million has been
expensed, $56 million has been paid and recorded as deferred debt issuance costs and $60 million has been incurred and charged to common stock. the remaining costs will be primarily within operating and maintenance expense within exelon’s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income and will also include approximately $30 million for integration costs expected to be capitalized to property, plant and equipment.
significant 2016 transactions and developments phi acquisition on march 23, 2016, exelon completed its acquisition of phi for a total cash purchase price of $7.1 billion, significantly expanding its regulated utility business and resulting in a total of over 10 million utility customers. in accounting for the acquisition as a business combination, exelon and phi recorded $4.0 billion in goodwill. approval of the merger in delaware, new jersey, maryland and the district of columbia was conditioned upon exelon and phi agreeing to certain commitments including customer rate credits, funding for energy efficiency and delivery system modernization programs, and other various requirements, for which exelon recorded $513 million of operating and maintenance expense for the year ended december 31, 2016. the registrants have also incurred costs for evaluating, structuring and executing the transaction, as well as integrating the former phi businesses into exelon. see note 4—mergers, acquisitions, and dispositions of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the phi acquisition and related costs.
illinois future energy jobs act on december 7, 2016, feja was signed into law by the governor of illinois. feja is effective june 1, 2017, and includes, among other provisions, (1) a zes providing compensation for certain nuclear-powered generating facilities, (2) an extension of and certain adjustments to comed’s electric distribution formula rate, (3) new cumulative persisting annual energy efficiency mwh savings goals for comed, (4) revisions to the illinois rps requirements, (5) provisions for adjustments to or termination of feja programs if the average impact on comed’s customer rates exceeds specified limits, (6) revisions to the existing net metering statute to (i) mandate net metering for community generation projects, and establish billing procedures for subscribers to those projects, (ii) provide immediately for netting at the energy-only rate for nonresidential customers, and (iii) transition from netting at the full retail rate to the energy-only rate for certain residential net metering customers once the net meter customer load equals 5% of total peak demand supplied in the previous year and (7) support for low income rooftop and community solar programs. feja establishes new or adjusts existing rate recovery mechanisms for comed to recover costs associated with the new or expanded energy efficiency and rps requirements. regulatory or legal challenges over the validity of feja are possible. see note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding feja. see note 9—early nuclear plant retirements of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for the impacts of zes on generation’s consolidated balance sheets and consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income.
new york clean energy standard on august 1, 2016, the new york public service commission (nypsc) issued an order establishing the ces, a component of a tier 3 zec program targeted at preserving the environmental attributes of qualifying zero-emissions nuclear-powered generating facilities, including ceng’s ginna, and nine mile point and entergy nuclear fitzpatrick llc’s (entergy) 838 mw single unit james a. fitzpatrick facilities. on november 18, 2016, required contracts with the new york state energy research and development authority (nyserda) were executed for each of these three plants.
regulatory and legal challenges over the validity the new york ces have been made, the outcomes of which remain uncertain. also in august 2016, generation executed a series of agreements with entergy to acquire the fitzpatrick nuclear generating station, subject to various regulatory approvals. the transaction is anticipated to close in the first or second quarter of 2017. see note 3—regulatory matters matters of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for regulatory updates related to the new york ces, note 9—early nuclear plant retirements of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information relative to ginna and nine mile point, and note 4—mergers, acquisitions, and dispositions of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on generation’s proposed acquisition of fitzpatrick.
potential early nuclear plant retirements exelon and generation continually evaluate the current and expected economic value of each of generation’s nuclear plants. factors that will continue to affect the economic value of generation’s nuclear plants include, but are not limited to: market power prices, results of capacity auctions, potential legislative and regulatory solutions to ensure nuclear plants are fairly compensated for their carbon-free emissions, and the impact of final rules from the epa requiring reduction of carbon and other emissions and the efforts of states to implement those final rules. in 2015 and 2016, generation identified the clinton, quad cities, ginna, nine mile point, and three mile island nuclear plants as having the greatest risk of early retirement based on economic valuation and other factors. on june 2, 2016, generation announced its decision to shut down the clinton and quad cities nuclear plants on june 1, 2017 and june 1, 2018, respectively; thereby resulting in accelerated depreciation for these plant assets thereafter. with the passage of the illinois zes on december 7, 2016, generation reversed its original decision, and revised the expected economic useful lives for both facilities to 2027 for clinton and to 2032 for quad cities. furthermore, assuming the successful implementation of the illinois zes and the new york ces for their entire terms, generation no longer considers clinton, quad cities, ginna or nine mile point to be at heightened risk of early retirement. generation currently considers three mile island to be at the greatest risk of early retirement due to current economic valuations and other factors. see note 9—early nuclear plant retirements of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
like-kind exchange on september 19, 2016, the united states tax court rejected exelon’s position on its 1999 income tax return to defer under the like-kind exchange provisions of the irc $1.2 billion of tax gain on the sale of comed’s fossil generating assets. in addition, contrary to exelon’s evaluation that any penalty was unwarranted, the tax court ruled that exelon is liable for the penalty and interest thereon asserted by the irs, pursuant to which exelon and comed recorded charges to earnings in 2016 of $106 million and $86 million, respectively. exelon expects to timely appeal this decision to the u.s. court of appeals for the seventh circuit. while awaiting a final calculation from the irs, exelon estimates an approximate $1.4 billion payment will be due, including $300 million form comed, in the second quarter of 2017 at the time it expects to file its appeal. of this amount, exelon deposited with the irs $1.25 billion in october 2016, with the remainder to be paid at the time the appeal is filed. see note 15—income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further information related to the like-kind exchange tax matter, including exelon’s agreement to hold comed harmless from any unfavorable impacts of after-tax interest or penalty amounts on comed’s equity.
bge 2015 electric and natural gas distribution base rates on november 6, 2015, and as amended through the course of the proceeding, bge filed for electric and natural gas base rate increases with the mdpsc, which included recovery of electric and
natural gas smart grid initiative costs. on june 3, 2016, the mdpsc issued an order in which the mdpsc found compelling evidence to conclude that bge’s smart grid initiative overall was cost beneficial to customers. however, the june 3 order contained several cost disallowances and adjustments, which bge filed a petition for rehearing on and certain of which were reversed by the mdpsc in an order issued on july 29, 2016. see note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further information.
pepco maryland 2016 electric distribution base rates on november 15, 2016, the mdpsc approved an increase in electric distribution base rates of $53 million based on a roe of 9.55%. the new rates became effective for services rendered on or after november 15, 2016. mdpsc also approved pepco’s recovery of substantially all of its capital investment and regulatory assets associated with its ami program as part of the newly effective rates as well as recovery over a five-year period of transition costs related to a new billing system implemented in 2015. as a result, during the fourth quarter of 2016, exelon, phi and pepco established a regulatory asset of $13 million, wrote off $3 million in disallowed ami costs and recorded a pre-tax credit to net income for $10 million. additionally, the mdpsc denied pepco’s request to extend its grid resiliency program surcharge for new system reliability and safety improvement projects, with costs for such programs to be recovered going forward through base rates. see note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further information.
dpl delaware 2016 electric and natural gas distribution base rates the dpsc approved provisional increases in annual electric and natural gas distribution base rates of $2.5 million effective may 17, 2016, and an additional $30 million effective december 17, 2016, for electric and of $2.5 million effective may 17, 2016, and an additional $10 million effective december 17, 2016, for gas. these increases are subject to refund based on the final dpsc orders. see note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further information.
dpl filed an application with the dpsc to increase its annual electric and natural gas distribution base rates by $63 million and $22 million, respectively, based on a requested roe of 10.6%. while the dpsc is not required to issue a decision on the application within a specified period of time, delaware law allowed dpl to put into effect $2.5 million of each of the rate increases two months after filing the applications which were effective july 16, 2016. on december 1, 2016, the dpsc approved that an additional $30 million in electric distribution base rates be implemented effective december 17, 2016, subject to refund based on the final dpsc order, and an additional $10 million in gas base rates be implemented effective december 17, 2016, subject to refund based on the final dpsc order. see note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further information.
ace 2016 electric distribution base rates on august 24, 2016, the njbpu issued an order approving a stipulation of settlement among ace, the new jersey division of rate counsel, njbpu staff and unimin corporation, and an increase of $45 million (before new jersey sales and use tax) to its electric distribution base rates, with the new rates effective immediately. the stipulation of settlement provided that a determination on powerahead would be separated into a phase ii of the rate proceeding and decided at a later date, most likely in the first quarter of 2017. see note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further information.
exelon’s strategy and outlook for 2017 and beyond exelon’s value proposition and competitive advantage come from its scope and its core strengths of operational excellence and financial discipline. exelon leverages its integrated business model to create value. exelon’s regulated and competitive businesses feature a mix of attributes that, when combined, offer shareholders and customers a unique value proposition:
•   exelon’s utilities provide a foundation for stable earnings, which translates to a stable currency in our stock.
•   generation’s competitive businesses provide free cash flow to invest primarily into the utilities and in long-term, contracted assets and to reduce debt.
exelon believes its strategy provides a platform for optimal success in an energy industry experiencing fundamental and sweeping change.
exelon’s utility strategy is to improve reliability and operations and enhance the customer experience, while ensuring ratemaking mechanisms provide the utilities fair financial returns. the exelon utilities only invest in rate base where it provides a benefit to customers and the community by improving reliability and the service experience or otherwise meeting customer needs. the exelon utilities make these investments at the lowest reasonable cost to customers. exelon seeks to leverage its scale and expertise across the utilities platform through enhanced standardization and sharing of resources and best practices to achieve improved operational and financial results. additionally, comed, peco and bge anticipate making significant future investments in smart meter technology, transmission projects, gas infrastructure, and electric system improvement projects, providing greater reliability and improved service for our customers and a stable return for the company.
generation’s competitive businesses create value for customers by providing innovative solutions and reliable, clean and affordable energy. generation’s electricity generation strategy is to pursue opportunities that provide stable revenues and generation to load matching to reduce earnings volatility. generation leverages its energy generation portfolio to deliver energy to both wholesale and retail customers. generation’s customer facing activities foster development and delivery of other innovative energy-related products and services for its customers. generation operates in well-developed energy markets and employs an integrated hedging strategy to manage commodity price volatility. its generation fleet, including its nuclear plants which consistently operate at high capacity factors, also provide geographic and supply source diversity. these factors help generation mitigate the current challenging conditions in competitive energy markets.
exelon’s financial priorities are to maintain investment grade credit metrics at each of the registrants, to maintain optimal capital structure and to return value to exelon’s shareholders with an attractive dividend throughout the energy commodity market cycle and through stable earnings growth. exelon’s board of directors has approved a dividend policy providing a raise of 2.5% each year for three years, beginning with the june 2016 dividend.
various market, financial, regulatory, legislative and operational factors could affect the registrants’ success in pursuing their strategies. exelon continues to assess infrastructure, operational, commercial, policy, and legal solutions to these issues. see item 1a. risk factors for additional information.
continually optimizing the cost structure is a key component of exelon’s financial strategy. through a recent focused cost management program, the company has committed to reducing operation and maintenance expenses and capital costs by approximately $350 million and $50 million,
respectively, of which approximately 35% of run-rate savings was achieved by the end of 2016. approximately 60% of run-rate savings are expected to be achieved by the end of 2017 and fully realized in 2018. at least 75% of the savings are expected to be allocated to generation, with the remaining amount allocated to the utility registrants.
growth opportunities management continually evaluates growth opportunities aligned with exelon’s businesses, assets and markets, leveraging exelon’s expertise in those areas and offering sustainable returns.
regulated energy businesses. the phi merger provides an opportunity to accelerate exelon’s regulated growth to provide stable cash flows, earnings accretion, and dividend support. additionally, the utility registrants anticipate investing approximately $25 billion over the next five years in electric and natural gas infrastructure improvements and modernization projects, including smart meter and smart grid initiatives, storm hardening, advanced reliability technologies, and transmission projects, which is projected to result in an increase to current rate base of approximately $9 billion by the end of 2021. the utility registrants invest in rate base where beneficial to customers and the community by increasing reliability and the service experience or otherwise meeting customer needs. these investments are made at the lowest reasonable cost to customers.
see note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the smart meter and smart grid initiatives and infrastructure development and enhancement programs.
competitive energy businesses. generation continually assesses the optimal structure and composition of our generation assets as well as explores wholesale and retail opportunities within the power and gas sectors. generation’s long-term growth strategy is to prioritize investments in long-term contracted generation across multiple technologies and identify and capitalize on opportunities that provide generation to load matching as a means to provide stable earnings, while identifying emerging technologies where strategic investments provide the option for significant future growth or influence in market development. as of december 31, 2016, generation has currently approved plans to invest a total of approximately $1 billion in 2017 through 2019 on capital growth projects (primarily new plant construction and distributed generation).
liquidity considerations each of the registrants annually evaluates its financing plan, dividend practices and credit line sizing, focusing on maintaining its investment grade ratings while meeting its cash needs to fund capital requirements, retire debt, pay dividends, fund pension and opeb obligations and invest in new and existing ventures. a broad spectrum of financing alternatives beyond the core financing options can be used to meet its needs and fund growth including monetizing assets in the portfolio via project financing, asset sales, and the use of other financing structures (e.g., joint ventures, minority partners, etc.). the registrants expect cash flows to be sufficient to meet operating expenses, financing costs and capital expenditure requirements.
exelon, generation, comed, peco, bge, pepco, dpl and ace have unsecured syndicated revolving credit facilities with aggregate bank commitments of $0.6 billion, $5.3 billion, $1.0 billion, $0.6 billion, $0.6 billion, $0.5 billion, $0.5 billion and $0.4 billion, respectively. generation also has bilateral credit facilities with aggregate maximum availability of $0.5 billion. see liquidity and capital resources—credit matters—exelon credit facilities below.
project financing generation utilizes individual project financings as a means to finance the construction of various generating asset projects. project financing is based upon a nonrecourse financial structure, in which project debt and equity used to finance the project are paid back from the cash generated by the newly constructed asset once operational. borrowings under these agreements are secured by the assets and equity of each respective project. the lenders do not have recourse against exelon or generation in the event of a default. if a specific project financing entity does not maintain compliance with its specific nonrecourse debt financing covenants, there could be a requirement to accelerate repayment of the associated debt or other borrowings earlier than the stated maturity dates. in these instances, if such repayment was not satisfied, the lenders or security holders would generally have rights to foreclose against the project-specific assets and related collateral. the potential requirement to satisfy its associated debt or other borrowings earlier than otherwise anticipated could lead to impairments due to a higher likelihood of disposing of the respective project-specific assets significantly before the end of their useful life. see note 14—debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on nonrecourse debt.
exgen texas power in september 2014, exgen texas power, llc (egtp), an indirect subsidiary of exelon and generation, issued $675 million aggregate principal amount of a nonrecourse senior secured term loan. the net proceeds were distributed to generation for general business purposes. egtp’s operating cash flows have been negatively impacted by certain market conditions including, but not limited to: low power prices, higher fuel prices and the seasonality of its cash flows . despite the declining operating cash flows, egtp remains in compliance with its covenants related to the project specific financing. management continues to monitor the project entity’s short term liquidity needs. see note 14—debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the egtp.
other key business drivers and management strategies utility rates and rate proceedings the utility registrants file rate cases with their regulatory commissions seeking increases or decreases to their electric transmission and distribution, and gas distribution rates to recover their costs and earn a fair return on their investments. the outcomes of these regulatory proceedings impact the utility registrants’ current and future results of operations, cash flows and financial position. see note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further details on these regulatory proceedings.
power markets price of fuels the use of new technologies to recover natural gas from shale deposits is increasing natural gas supply and reserves, which places downward pressure on natural gas prices and, therefore, on wholesale and retail power prices, which results in a reduction in exelon’s revenues. forward natural gas prices have declined significantly over the last several years; in part reflecting an increase in supply due to strong natural gas production (due to shale gas development).
capacity market changes in pjm in the wake of the january 2014 polar vortex that blanketed much of the eastern and midwestern united states, it became clear that while a major outage event was narrowly avoided, resources in pjm were not providing the level of reliability expected by customers. as a result, on december 12,
2014, pjm filed at ferc a proposal to make significant changes to its current capacity market construct, the reliability pricing model (rpm). pjm’s proposed changes generally sought to improve resource performance and reliability largely by limiting the excuses for non-performance and by increasing the penalties for performance failures. the proposal permits suppliers to include in capacity market offers additional costs and risk so they can meet these higher performance requirements. while offers are expected to put upward pressure on capacity clearing prices, operational improvements made as a result of pjm’s proposal are expected to improve reliability, to reduce energy production costs as a result of more efficient operations and to reduce the need for out of market energy payments to suppliers. generation participated actively in pjm’s stakeholder process through which pjm developed the proposal and also actively participated in the ferc proceeding including filing comments. on june 9, 2015, ferc approved pjm’s filing largely as proposed by pjm, including transitional auction rules for delivery years 2016/2017 through 2017/2018. as a result of this and several related orders, pjm hosted its 2018/2019 base residual auction (results posted on august 21, 2015) and its transitional auction for delivery year 2016/2017 (results posted on august 31, 2015) and its transitional auction for delivery years 2017/2018 (results posted on september 9, 2015). on may 10, 2016, ferc largely denied rehearing, and a number of parties appealed to the u.s. court of appeals for the dc circuit for review of the decision. it is too early in the process to predict the appeal outcome.
miso capacity market results on april 14, 2015, the midcontinent independent system operator (miso) released the results of its capacity auction covering the june 2015 through may 2016 delivery year. as a result of the auction, capacity prices for the zone 4 region in downstate illinois increased to $150 per mw per day beginning in june 2015, an increase from the prior pricing of $16.75 per mw per day that was in effect from june 2014 to may 2015. generation had an offer that was selected in the auction. however, due to generation’s ratable hedging strategy, the results of the capacity auction have not had a material impact on exelon’s and generation’s consolidated results of operations and cash flows.
additionally, in late may and june 2015, separate complaints were filed at the ferc by each of the state of illinois, the southwest electric cooperative, public citizens, inc., and the illinois industrial energy consumers challenging the results of this miso capacity auction for the 2015/2016 delivery in miso delivery zone 4. the complaints allege generally that 1) the results of the capacity auction for zone 4 are not just and reasonable, 2) the results should be suspended, set for hearing and replaced with a new just and reasonable rate, 3) a refund date should be established and that 4) certain alleged behavior by one of the market participants other than exelon or generation, be investigated.
on october 1, 2015, the ferc announced that it was conducting a non-public investigation (that does not involve exelon or generation) into whether market manipulation or other potential violations occurred related to the auction. on december 31, 2015, the ferc issued a decision that certain of the rules governing the establishment of capacity prices in downstate illinois are “not just and reasonable” on a prospective basis. the ferc ordered that certain rules be changed prior to the april 2016 auction which set capacity prices for the 2016/2017 planning year. in response to this order, miso filed certain rule changes with the ferc. on march 18, 2016, ferc largely denied rehearing of its december 31, 2015 order. ferc continues to conduct its non-public investigation to determine if the april 2015 auction results were manipulated and, if so, whether refunds are appropriate. the ferc did establish may 28, 2015, the day the first complaint was filed, as the date from which refunds (if ordered) would be calculated, and it also made clear that the findings in the december 31, 2015 order do not prejudge the investigation or related proceedings. generation cannot predict the impact the ferc order may ultimately have on future auction results, capacity pricing or decisions related to the potential early retirement of the clinton nuclear plant, however, such impacts could be material to generation’s future results of operations and cash flows. see note 9—early nuclear plant retirements of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the impacts of the miso announcement.
miso has acknowledged the need for capacity market design changes in the zone 4 regions, and on november 1, 2016 filed a comprehensive capacity market proposal for the zone 4 region (as well as another zone). it is too early to predict the outcome of that filing. exelon is generally supportive of such changes. however, several fossil generators have requested that ferc impose an expanded minimum offer price rule (mopr) that could affect capacity offers from the clinton nuclear plant. see note 9—early nuclear plant retirements of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the impacts of the miso announcement. exelon is actively participating in this aspect of the proceeding, seeking to avoid the implementation of such a mopr mechanism. however, it is too early in the proceeding to predict.
subsidized generation the rate of expansion of subsidized generation, in the markets in which generation’s output is sold can negatively impact wholesale power prices, and in turn, generation’s results of operations.
various states have attempted to implement or propose legislation, regulations or other policies to subsidize new generation development which may result in artificially depressed wholesale energy and capacity prices. for example, the new jersey legislature enacted into law in january 2011, the long term capacity pilot program act (lcapp). lcapp provides eligible generators with 15-year fixed contracts for the sale of capacity in the pjm capacity market. under lcapp, the local utilities in new jersey are required to pay (or receive) the difference between the price eligible generators receive in the capacity market and the price guaranteed under the 15-year contract. new jersey ultimately selected three proposals to participate in lcapp and build new generation in the state. in addition, on april 12, 2012, the mdpsc issued an order directing the maryland electric utilities to enter into a 20-year contract for differences (cfd) with cpv maryland, llc (cpv), under which cpv was required to construct an approximately 700 mw combined cycle gas turbine in waldorf, maryland. the cfd mandated that utilities (including bge, pepco and dpl) pay (or receive) the difference between cpv’s contract price and the revenues it receives for capacity and energy from clearing the unit in the pjm capacity market.
exelon and others challenged the constitutionality and other aspects of the new jersey legislation in federal court. the actions taken by the mdpsc were also challenged in federal court in an action to which exelon was not a party. the federal trial courts in both the new jersey and maryland actions effectively invalidated the actions taken by the new jersey legislature and the mdpsc, respectively. each of those decisions was upheld by the u.s. court of appeals for the third circuit and the u.s. court of appeals for the fourth circuit, respectively. on april 19, 2016, the u.s. supreme court affirmed the decision of the u.s. court of appeals for the fourth circuit, and subsequently denied certiorari with respect to the appeal from the u.s. court of appeals for the third circuit, leaving in place that court’s decision. the matter is now considered closed.
as required under their contracts, generator developers who were selected in the new jersey and maryland programs (including cpv) offered and cleared in pjm’s capacity market auctions. to the extent that the state-required customer subsidies are included under their respective contracts, exelon believes that these projects may have artificially suppressed capacity prices in pjm in these auctions and may continue to do so in future auctions to the detriment of exelon. while the court decisions are positive developments, continuation of these state efforts, if successful and unabated by an effective minimum offer price rule (mopr) for future capacity auctions, could continue to result in artificially depressed wholesale capacity and/or energy prices. other states could seek to establish programs, which could substantially impact exelon’s position and could have a significant effect on exelon’s financial results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
one such state is ohio, where state-regulated utility companies firstenergy ohio (fe) and aep ohio (aep) initiated actions at the public utilities commission of ohio (puco) to obtain approval for riders that would effectively allow these two companies to pass through to all customers in their service territories the differences between their costs and market revenues on ppas entered into
between the utility and its merchant generation affiliate for what was collectively more than 6,000mw of primarily coal-fired generation. thus, the riders were similar to the cfds described above (except that the ppa riders in ohio would apply to existing generation facilities whereas the cfds applied to new generation facilities). while ferc orders on april 27, 2016 largely alleviated the concerns related to the riders by holding that the ppas ran afoul of affiliate restrictions on fe and aep, we continue to closely monitor developments in ohio.
in addition, exelon continues to monitor developments in maryland, new jersey, and other states and participates in stakeholder and other processes to ensure that similar state subsidies are not developed. exelon remains active in advocating for competitive markets, while opposing policies that require taxpayers and/ or consumers to subsidize or give preferential treatment to generation providers or technologies that do not provide superior reliability or environmental benefits, or that would threaten the reliability and value of the integrated electricity grid.
complaints at ferc seeking to mitigate illinois and new york programs providing zecs pjm and nyiso capacity markets include a minimum offer price rule (mopr) that is intended to preclude buyers from exercising buyer market power. if a resource is subjected to a mopr, its offer is adjusted to remove the revenues it receives through a federal, state or other government-provided financial support program—resulting in a higher offer that may not clear the capacity market. currently, the moprs in pjm and nyiso apply only to certain new resources. exelon has generally opposed policies that required subsidies or give preferential treatment to generation providers or technologies that do not provide superior reliability or environmental benefits, or that would threaten the reliability and value of the integrated electricity grid. thus, exelon has supported a mopr as a means of minimizing the detrimental impact of certain subsidized resources could have on capacity markets (such as the new jersey (lcapp) and maryland (cfd) programs. however, in exelon’s view, moprs should not be applied to resources that receive compensation for providing superior reliability or environmental benefits.
on january 9, 2017, the electric power supply association (epsa) filed two requests with ferc: one seeking to amend a prior complaint against pjm and another seeking expedited action on a pending nyiso compliance filing in an existing proceeding. both filings allege that the relevant mopr should be expanded to also apply to existing resources receiving zec compensation under the new york ces and illinois zes programs. exelon has filed protests at ferc in response to each filing, arguing generally that zec payments provide compensation for an environmental attribute that is distinct from the energy and capacity sold in the ferc-jurisdictional markets, and therefore, are no different than other renewable support programs like the ptc and rps that have generally not been subject to a mopr. however, if successful, an expanded mopr could result in mitigation of generation’s quad cities, ginna, and nine mile point facilities, which are expected to receive zec compensation, such that they would have an increased risk of not clearing in future capacity auctions and thus no longer receiving capacity revenues during the respective zec programs. this would also impact the fitzpatrick facility that generation is currently in the process of acquiring from entergy. any mitigation of these generating resources could have a material effect on exelon’s and generation’s future cash flows and results of operations. the timing of ferc’s decision with respect to both proceedings is currently unknown and the outcome of these matters is currently uncertain.
energy demand modest economic growth partially offset by energy efficiency initiatives is resulting in positive growth for electricity for pepco, a decrease in projected load for electricity for bge, dpl and ace, and an essentially flat projected load for electricity for comed and peco. comed, peco, bge, pepco, dpl and ace are projecting load volumes to increase (decrease) by (0.3)%, 0.6%, (1.4)%, (1.7)%, 0.8% and (0.7)%, respectively, in 2017 compared 2016.
retail competition generation’s retail operations compete for customers in a competitive environment, which affect the margins that generation can earn and the volumes that it is able to serve. the market experienced high price volatility in the first quarter of 2014 which contributed to bankruptcies and consolidations within the industry during the year. however, forward natural gas and power prices are expected to remain low and thus we expect retail competitors to stay aggressive in their pursuit of market share, and that wholesale generators (including generation) will continue to use their retail operations to hedge generation output.
strategic policy alignment as part of its strategic business planning process, exelon routinely reviews its hedging policy, dividend policy, operating and capital costs, capital spending plans, strength of its balance sheet and credit metrics, and sufficiency of its liquidity position, by performing various stress tests with differing variables, such as commodity price movements, increases in margin-related transactions, changes in hedging practices, and the impacts of hypothetical credit downgrades.
exelon’s board of directors declared first quarter 2016 dividends of $0.31 per share each on exelon’s common stock. the second, third and fourth quarter 2016 dividends declared was $0.318 on exelon’s common stock, and the first quarter 2017 dividends declared was $0.328 per share. the dividends for the first, second, third and fourth quarter 2016 were paid on march 10, 2016, june 10, 2016, september 9, 2016 and december 9, 2016, respectively. the first quarter 2017 dividend is payable on march 10, 2017.
exelon’s board of directors has approved a dividend policy providing a raise of 2.5% each year for three years, beginning with the june 2016 dividend.
hedging strategy exelon’s policy to hedge commodity risk on a ratable basis over three-year periods is intended to reduce the financial impact of market price volatility. generation is exposed to commodity price risk associated with the unhedged portion of its electricity portfolio. generation enters into non-derivative and derivative contracts, including financially-settled swaps, futures contracts and swap options, and physical options and physical forward contracts, all with credit-approved counterparties, to hedge this anticipated exposure. generation has hedges in place that significantly mitigate this risk for 2017 and 2018. however, generation is exposed to relatively greater commodity price risk in the subsequent years with respect to which a larger portion of its electricity portfolio is currently unhedged. as of december 31, 2016, the percentage of expected generation hedged for the major reportable segments was 91%-94%, 56%-59% and 28%-31% for 2017, 2018, and 2019 respectively. the percentage of expected generation hedged is the amount of equivalent sales divided by the expected generation. expected generation is the volume of energy that best represents our commodity position in energy markets from owned or contracted generating facilities based upon a simulated dispatch model that makes assumptions regarding future market conditions, which are calibrated to market quotes for power, fuel, load following products, and options. equivalent sales represent all hedging products, such as wholesale and retail sales of power, options and swaps. generation has been and will continue to be proactive in using hedging strategies to mitigate commodity price risk in subsequent years as well.
generation procures oil and natural gas through long-term and short-term contracts and spot-market purchases. nuclear fuel is obtained predominantly through long-term uranium concentrate supply contracts, contracted conversion services, contracted enrichment services, or a combination thereof, and contracted fuel fabrication services. the supply markets for uranium concentrates and certain nuclear fuel services, coal, oil and natural gas are subject to price fluctuations and availability
restrictions. supply market conditions may make generation’s procurement contracts subject to credit risk related to the potential non-performance of counterparties to deliver the contracted commodity or service at the contracted prices. approximately 39% of generation’s uranium concentrate requirements from 2017 through 2021 are supplied by three producers. in the event of non-performance by these or other suppliers, generation believes that replacement uranium concentrate can be obtained, although at prices that may be unfavorable when compared to the prices under the current supply agreements. non-performance by these counterparties could have a material adverse impact on exelon’s and generation’s results of operations, cash flows and financial position.
the utility registrants mitigate commodity price risk through regulatory mechanisms that allow them to recover procurement costs from retail customers.
tax matters potential corporate tax reform the results of the november 2016 u.s. elections have introduced greater uncertainty with respect to federal tax policies. president trump has stated that one of his top priorities is comprehensive tax reform and house republicans plan to advance their tax reform “blueprint”. tax reform proposals call for a reduction in the corporate federal income tax rate from the current 35% to as low as 15%. other proposals provide, among other items, for the immediate deduction of capital investment expenditures and full or partial elimination of debt interest expense deductions. it is uncertain whether, to what extent or when these or any other changes in federal tax policies will be enacted or the transition time frame for such changes. further, for the utility registrants, regulators may impose rate reductions to provide the benefit of any income tax expense reductions to customers and refund “excess” deferred income taxes previously collected through rates. the amounts and timing of any such rate changes would be subject to the discretion of the rate regulator in each specific jurisdiction. for these reasons, the registrants cannot predict the impact any potential changes may have on their future results of operations, cash flows or financial position, and such changes could be material.
see note 15—income taxes of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information environmental legislative and regulatory developments exelon is actively involved in the epa’s development and implementation of environmental regulations for the electric industry, in pursuit of its business strategy to provide reliable, clean, affordable and innovative energy products. these efforts have most frequently involved air, water and waste controls for electric generating units, as set forth in the discussion below. these regulations have a disproportionate adverse impact on fossil-fuel power plants, requiring significant expenditures of capital and variable operating and maintenance expense, and have resulted in the retirement of older, marginal facilities. retirements of coal-fired power plants will continue as additional epa regulations take effect, and as air quality standards are updated and further restrict emissions. due to its low emission generation portfolio, generation will not be significantly directly affected by these regulations, representing a competitive advantage relative to electric generators that are more reliant on fossil-fuel plants. various bills have been introduced in the u.s. congress that would prohibit or impede the epa’s rulemaking efforts, and it is uncertain whether any of these bills will become law.
air quality in recent years, the epa has been implementing a series of increasingly stringent regulations under the clean air act applicable to electric generating units. these regulations have resulted in more stringent emissions limits on fossil-fuel electric generating stations as states implement their compliance plans.
national ambient air quality standards (naaqs). the epa continues to review and update its naaqs for conventional air pollutants relating to ground-level ozone and emissions of particulate matter, so2 and nox. following five years of litigation, the epa is implementing the cross state air pollution rule that requires upwind states in the eastern half of the united states to significantly improve air quality by reducing power plant emissions that cross state lines and contribute to ground-level ozone and fine particle pollution in downwind states, and otherwise contributes to non-attainment status of downwind states with the various naaqs requirements.
mercury and air toxics standard rule (mats). on december 16, 2011, the epa signed a final rule to reduce emissions of toxic air pollutants from power plants and signed revisions to the nsps for electric generating units. the final rule, known as mats, requires coal-fired electric generation plants to achieve high removal rates of mercury, acid gases and other metals, and to make capital investments in pollution control equipment and incur higher operating expenses. the initial compliance deadline to meet the new standards was april 16, 2015; however, facilities may have been granted an additional one or two year extension in limited cases. numerous entities challenged mats in the d.c. circuit court, and exelon intervened in support of the rule. in april 2014, the d.c. circuit court issued an opinion upholding mats in its entirety. on appeal, the u.s. supreme court decided in june 2015 that the epa unreasonably refused to consider costs in determining whether it is appropriate and necessary to regulate hazardous air pollutants emitted by electric utilities. the u.s. supreme court, however, did not vacate the rule; rather, it was remanded to the d.c. circuit court to take further action consistent with the u.s. supreme court’s opinion on this single issue. as such, the mats rule remains in effect. exelon will continue to participate in the remanded proceedings before the d.c. circuit court as an intervenor in support of the rule.
climate change. exelon supports comprehensive climate change legislation or regulation, including a cap-and-trade program for ghg emissions, which balances the need to protect consumers, business and the economy with the urgent need to reduce national ghg emissions. in the absence of federal legislation, the epa is moving forward with the regulation of ghg emissions under the clean air act. in addition, there have been recent developments in the international regulation of ghg emissions pursuant to the united nations framework convention on climate change (“unfccc” of “convention”). see item 1.—business,“global climate change” for further discussion.
water quality section 316(b) of the clean water act requires that cooling water intake structures at electric power plants reflect the best technology available to minimize adverse environmental impacts, and is implemented through state-level npdes permit programs. all of generation’s power generation facilities with cooling water systems are subject to the regulations. facilities without closed-cycle recirculating systems (e.g., cooling towers) are potentially most affected by changes to the existing regulations. those facilities are calvert cliffs, clinton, dresden, eddystone, fairless hills, ginna, gould street, handley, mountain creek, mystic 7, nine mile point unit 1, oyster creek, peach bottom, quad cities, riverside, salem and schuylkill. see item 1.—business ,“water quality” for further discussion.
solid and hazardous waste in october 2015, the first federal regulation for the disposal of coal combustion residuals (ccr) from power plants became effective. the rule classifies ccr as non-hazardous waste under rcra. under the regulation, ccr will continue to be regulated by most states subject to coordination with the federal regulations. generation has previously recorded reserves consistent with state regulation for its owned coal ash sites, and as such, the regulation is not expected to impact exelon’s and generation’s financial results. generation does not have sufficient information to reasonably assess the potential
likelihood or magnitude of any remediation requirements that may be asserted under the new federal regulations for coal ash disposal sites formerly owned by generation. for these reasons, generation is unable to predict whether and to what extent it may ultimately be held responsible for remediation and other costs relating to formerly owned coal ash disposal sites under the new regulations.
see note 24—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further detail related to environmental matters, including the impact of environmental regulation.
other legislative and regulatory developments nrc task force on fukishima in july 2011, an nrc task force formed in the aftermath of the march 11, 2011, 9.0 magnitude earthquake and ensuing tsunami, that seriously damaged the nuclear units at the fukushima daiichi nuclear power station, issued a report of its review of the accident, including tiered recommendations for future regulatory action by the nrc to be taken in the near and longer term. the task force’s report concluded that nuclear reactors in the united states are operating safely and do not present an imminent risk to public health and safety. the nrc and its staff have issued orders and implementation guidance for commercial reactor licensees operating in the united states. the nrc and its staff are continuing to evaluate additional requirements. generation has assessed the impacts of the tier 1 orders and information requests and will continue monitoring the additional recommendations under review by the nrc staff, both from an operational and a financial impact standpoint. a comprehensive review of the nrc tier 1 orders and information requests, as well as preliminary engineering assumptions and analysis, indicate that the financial impact of compliance for generation, net of expected co-owner reimbursements, for the period from 2017 through 2019 is expected to be between approximately $75 million and $100 million of capital and $15 million of operating expense. generation’s current assessments are specific to the tier 1 recommendations. the nrc has not finalized actions with respect to the tier 2 and tier 3 recommendations and is expected to do so in 2017. exelon and generation are unable to conclude at this time to what extent any actions to comply with the requirements of tier 2 and tier 3 will impact their future financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. generation will continue to engage in nuclear industry assessments and actions and stakeholder input.
employees during 2016, exelon bsc and comed extended the collective bargaining agreement (cba) with ibew local 15 by three years; with an expiration date of september 30, 2022. exelon generation extended its cba with both the ibew local 15 (covering the five (5) midwest nuclear plants) and ibew local 51 (clinton) by three years; with expiration dates of april 30, 2022 and december 15, 2023, respectively. additionally, exelon nuclear security successfully ratified its cba with the ugsoa local 17 at oyster creek to an extension of five (5) years, and exelon power successfully ratified its cba with the ibew local 614 to a three (3) extension. in january 2017, an election was held at bge which resulted in union representation for approximately 1,400 employees. bge and ibew local 410 will begin negotiations for an initial agreement which could result in some modifications to wages, hours and other terms and conditions of employment. no agreement has been finalized to date and management cannot predict the outcome of such negotiations.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap requires that management apply accounting policies and make estimates and assumptions that affect results of operations and the
amounts of assets and liabilities reported in the financial statements. management discusses these policies, estimates and assumptions with its accounting and disclosure governance committee on a regular basis and provides periodic updates on management decisions to the audit committee of the exelon board of directors. management believes that the accounting policies described below require significant judgment in their application, or incorporate estimates and assumptions that are inherently uncertain and that may change in subsequent periods. additional discussion of the application of these accounting policies can be found in the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
generation’s aro associated with decommissioning its nuclear units was $8.7 billion at december 31, 2016. the authoritative guidance requires that generation estimate its obligation for the future decommissioning of its nuclear generating plants. to estimate that liability, generation uses an internally-developed, probability-weighted, discounted cash flow model which, on a unit-by-unit basis, considers multiple decommissioning outcome scenarios.
as a result of recent nuclear plant retirements in the industry, nuclear operators and third-party service providers are obtaining more information about costs associated with decommissioning activities. at the same time, regulators are gaining more information about decommissioning activities which could result in changes to existing decommissioning requirements. in addition, as more nuclear plants are retired, it is possible that technological advances will be identified that could create efficiencies and lead to a reduction in decommissioning costs. the availability of decommissioning trust funds could impact the timing of the decommissioning activities. additionally, certain factors such as changes in regulatory requirements during plant operations or the profitability of a nuclear plant could impact the timing of plant retirements. these factors could result in material changes to generation’s current estimates as more information becomes available and could change the timing of plant retirements and the probability assigned to the decommissioning outcome scenarios.
the nuclear decommissioning obligation is adjusted on a regular basis due to the passage of time and revisions to the key assumptions for the expected timing and/or estimated amounts of the future undiscounted cash flows required to decommission the nuclear plants, based upon the methodologies and significant estimates and assumptions described as follows:
decommissioning cost studies generation uses unit-by-unit decommissioning cost studies to provide a marketplace assessment of the expected costs (in current year dollars) and timing of decommissioning activities, which are validated by comparison to current decommissioning projects within the industry and other estimates. decommissioning cost studies are updated, on a rotational basis, for each of generation’s nuclear units at least every five years, unless circumstances warrant more frequent updates (such as a change in assumed operating life for a nuclear plant). as part of the annual cost study update process, generation evaluates newly assumed costs or substantive changes in previously assumed costs to determine if the cost estimate impacts are sufficiently material to warrant application of the updated estimates to the aros across the nuclear fleet outside of the normal five-year rotating cost study update cycle.
cost escalation factors generation uses cost escalation factors to escalate the decommissioning costs from the decommissioning cost studies discussed above through the assumed decommissioning period for each of the units. cost escalation studies, updated on an annual basis, are used to determine escalation factors, and are based on inflation indices for labor, equipment and materials, energy, llrw disposal and other costs. all of the nuclear aros are adjusted each year for the updated cost escalation factors.
probabilistic cash flow models generation’s probabilistic cash flow models include the assignment of probabilities to various scenarios for decommissioning cost levels, decommissioning approaches, and timing of plant shutdown on a unit-by-unit basis. probabilities assigned to cost levels include an assessment of the likelihood of costs 20% higher (high-cost scenario) or 15% lower (low-cost scenario) than the base cost scenario. probabilities are also assigned to four different decommissioning approaches. in response to expected increased security costs for spent fuel stored in the spent fuel pool (wet storage), in 2016 generation has evaluated an alternative approach for managing spent fuel between the date of a plant’s cessation of operations and the fuel’s acceptance for disposal by the doe. this new approach, the shortened safstor approach, provides for increased usage of dry cask storage for the spent fuel, and is now considered as one of the decommissioning approaches in determining the aro as follows:
1.    decon—a method of decommissioning shortly after the cessation of operation in which the equipment, structures, and portions of a facility and site containing radioactive contaminants are removed and safely buried in a llrw landfill or decontaminated to a level that permits property to be released for unrestricted use. spent fuel is transferred to dry cask storage as soon as possible until doe acceptance for disposal.
2.    delayed decon—similar to the decon scenario but with a delay to allow for spent fuel to be removed from the site prior to onset of decommissioning activities. spent fuel is retained in existing location (either wet or dry storage) until doe acceptance for disposal.
3.    shortened safstor—similar to the decon scenario but with generally a 30 year delay prior to onset of decommissioning activities. spent fuel is transferred to dry cask storage as soon as possible until doe acceptance for disposal.
4.    safstor—a method of decommissioning in which the nuclear facility is placed and maintained in such condition that the nuclear facility can be safely stored and subsequently decontaminated to levels that permit release for unrestricted use generally within 60 years after cessation of operations. spent fuel is transferred to dry cask storage as soon as possible until doe acceptance for disposal.
the actual decommissioning approach selected once a nuclear facility is shutdown will be determined by generation at the time of shutdown and may be influenced by multiple factors including the funding status of the nuclear decommissioning trust fund at the time of shutdown.
the assumed plant shutdown timing scenarios include the following four alternatives: (1) the probability of operating through the original 40-year nuclear license term, (2) the probability of operating through an extended 60-year nuclear license term (regardless of whether such 20-year license extension has been received for each unit), (3) the probability of a second, 20-year license renewal for some nuclear units, and (4) the probability of early plant retirement for certain sites due to changing market conditions and regulatory environments. the successful operation of nuclear plants in the u.s. beyond the initial 40-year license terms has prompted the nrc to consider regulatory and technical requirements for potential plant operations for an 80-year nuclear operating term. as power market and regulatory environment developments occur, generation evaluates and incorporates, as necessary, the impacts of such developments into its nuclear aro assumptions and estimates.
generation’s probabilistic cash flow models also include an assessment of the timing of doe acceptance of snf for disposal. generation currently assumes doe will begin accepting snf in 2030. the snf acceptance date assumption is based on management’s estimates of the amount of time required for doe to select a site location and develop the necessary infrastructure for long-term snf storage. for more information regarding the estimated date that doe will begin accepting snf, see note 24—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
license renewals except for its clinton unit, generation has successfully obtained initial 20-year operating license renewal extensions (i.e. extending the total license term to 60 years) for all of its operating nuclear units (including the two salem units co-owned by generation, but operated by pseg). generation intends to apply for an initial 20-year renewal for the clinton unit. no prior generation license extension application has been denied.
discount rates the probability-weighted estimated future cash flows for the various assumed scenarios are discounted using credit-adjusted, risk-free rates (carfr) applicable to the various businesses in which each of the nuclear units originally operated. the accounting guidance required generation to establish an aro at fair value at the time of the initial adoption of the current accounting standard. subsequent to the initial adoption, the aro is adjusted for changes to estimated costs, timing of future cash flows and modifications to decommissioning assumptions, as described above. increases in the aro as a result of upward revisions in estimated undiscounted cash flows are considered new obligations and are measured using a current carfr as the increase creates a new cost layer within the aro. any decrease in the estimated undiscounted future cash flows relating to the aro are treated as a modification of an existing aro cost layer and, therefore, is measured using the average historical carfr rates used in creating the initial aro cost layers.
under the current accounting framework, the aro is not required or permitted to be re-measured for changes in the carfr that occur in isolation. this differs from the accounting requirements for other long-dated obligations, such as pension and other post-employment benefits that are required to be re-measured as and when corresponding discount rates change. if generation’s future nominal cash flows associated with the aro were to be discounted at current prevailing carfrs, the obligation would increase from approximately $8.7 billion to approximately $9.7 billion.
to illustrate the significant impact that changes in the carfr, when combined with changes in projected amounts and expected timing of cash flows, can have on the valuation of the aro: i) had generation used the 2015 carfrs rather than the 2016 carfrs in performing its annual 2016 aro update, generation would have decreased the aro by an additional $45 million; and ii) if the carfr used in performing the annual 2016 aro update was increased by 100 basis points or decreased by 50 basis points, the aro would have decreased by $1.2 billion and increased by $150 million, respectively, as compared to the actual decrease of $385 million.
aro sensitivities changes in the assumptions underlying the aro could materially affect the decommissioning obligation. the impact to the aro of a change in any one of these assumptions is highly dependent on how the other assumptions may correspondingly change.
change in aro assumption                                                                                      increase (decrease) to aro at december 31, 2016
cost escalation studies uniform increase in escalation rates of 50 basis points                                                                       $1,730
probabilistic cash flow models increase the estimated costs to decommission the nuclear plants by 20 percent                                                  1,610
safstor scenario by 10 percentage points shorten each unit’s probability weighted operating life assumption by 2 years                                                    840
extend the estimated date for doe acceptance of snf to 2035                                                                      140
for more information regarding accounting for nuclear decommissioning obligations, see note 1—significant accounting policies, note 9—early nuclear plant retirements and note 16—asset retirement obligations of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
as of december 31, 2016, exelon’s $6.7 billion carrying amount of goodwill primarily consists of $2.6 billion at comed relating to the acquisition of comed in 2000 as part of the formation of exelon and $4 billion at phi pursuant to exelon’s acquisition of phi in the first quarter of 2016. dpl has $8 million of goodwill as of december 31, 2016, related to its 1995 acquisition of the conowingo power company. generation also has goodwill of $47 million as of december 31, 2016. under the provisions of the authoritative guidance for goodwill, these entities are required to perform an assessment for possible impairment of their goodwill at least annually or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the reporting units below their carrying amount. under the authoritative guidance, a reporting unit is an operating segment or one level below an operating segment (known as a component) and is the level at which goodwill is tested for impairment. a component of an operating segment is a reporting unit if the component constitutes a business for which discrete financial information is available and its operating results are regularly reviewed by segment management. comed has a single operating segment, and phi’s operating segments are pepco, dpl and ace. see note 26—segment information of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information. there is no level below these operating segments for which operating results are regularly reviewed by segment management. therefore, the comed, pepco, dpl and ace operating segments are also considered reporting units for goodwill impairment testing purposes. exelon’s and comed’s $2.6 billion of goodwill has been assigned entirely to the comed reporting unit, while exelon’s and phi’s $4 billion of goodwill has been assigned to the pepco, dpl and ace reporting units in the amounts of $1.7 billion, $1.1 billion and $1.2 billion, respectively. dpl’s $8 million of goodwill is assigned entirely to the dpl reporting unit.
entities assessing goodwill for impairment have the option of first performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether a quantitative assessment is necessary. in performing a qualitative assessment, entities should assess, among other things, macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, overall financial performance, cost factors, and entity-specific conditions and events. if an entity determines, on the basis of qualitative factors, that the fair value of the reporting unit is more likely than not greater than the carrying amount, no further testing is required. if an entity bypasses the qualitative assessment, or performs the qualitative assessment but determines that it is more likely than not that its fair value is less than its carrying amount, a quantitative two-step, fair value-based test is performed.
exelon’s, comed’s and phi’s accounting policy is to perform a quantitative test of goodwill at least once every three years, or more frequently if events occur or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the reporting unit below its carrying amount. the first step in the quantitative test compares the fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying amount, including goodwill. if the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the second step is performed. the second step requires an allocation of fair value to the individual assets and liabilities using purchase price allocation accounting guidance in order to determine the implied fair value of goodwill. if the implied fair value of goodwill is less than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recorded as a reduction to goodwill and a charge to operating expense. application of the goodwill impairment test requires management judgment, including the identification of reporting units and determining the fair value of the reporting unit, which management estimates using a weighted combination of a discounted cash flow analysis and a market multiples analysis. significant assumptions used in these fair value analyses include discount and growth rates, utility sector market performance and transactions, projected operating and capital cash flows for comed’s, pepco’s, dpl’s and ace’s businesses and the fair value of debt. in applying the second step (if needed), management must estimate the fair value of specific assets and liabilities of the reporting unit.
exelon, comed, phi and dpl performed quantitative tests as of november 1, 2016, for their 2016 annual goodwill impairment assessments. the first step of the tests comparing the estimated fair values of the comed, pepco, dpl and ace reporting units to their carrying values, including goodwill, indicated no impairments of goodwill; therefore, no second steps were required.
while the annual assessments indicated no impairments, certain assumptions used to estimate reporting unit fair values are highly sensitive to changes. adverse regulatory actions or changes in significant assumptions could potentially result in future impairments of exelon’s, comed’s, phi’s or dpl’s goodwill, which could be material. based on the results of the annual goodwill tests performed as of november 1, 2016, the estimated fair values of the comed, pepco, dpl and ace reporting units would have needed to decrease by more than 30%, 10%, 10% and 10%, respectively, for exelon, comed and phi to have failed the first step of their respective impairment tests. for the $8 million of goodwill recorded at dpl related to dpl’s 1995 acquisition of the conowingo power company, the fair value of the dpl reporting unit would have needed to decrease by more than 50% for dpl to fail the first step of the impairment test.
see note 1—significant accounting policies, note 11—intangible assets and note 15—income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
in accordance with the authoritative accounting guidance, the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in an acquired business are recorded at their estimated fair values on the date of acquisition. the difference between the purchase price amount and the net fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recognized as goodwill on the balance sheet if it exceeds the estimated net fair value and as a bargain purchase gain on the income statement if it is below the estimated net fair value. determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires management’s judgment, often utilizes independent valuation experts and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions with respect to the timing and amounts of future cash inflows and outflows, discount rates, market prices and asset lives, among other items. the judgments made in the determination of the estimated fair value assigned to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, as well as the estimated useful life of each asset and the duration of each liability, can materially impact the financial statements in periods after acquisition, such as through depreciation and amortization expense. accounting guidance provides that the allocation of the purchase price may be modified up to one year from the date of the merger as more information is obtained about the fair
value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. see note 4—mergers, acquisitions, and dispositions of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
unamortized energy contract assets and liabilities (exelon, generation, phi, pepco, dpl and ace)
unamortized energy contract assets and liabilities represent the remaining unamortized balances of non-derivative energy contracts that generation has acquired and the electricity and gas energy supply contracts exelon has acquired as part of the phi acquisition. the initial amount recorded represents the fair value of the contracts at the time of acquisition. at phi, offsetting regulatory assets or liabilities were also recorded. the unamortized energy contract assets and liabilities and any corresponding regulatory assets or liabilities, respectively, are amortized over the life of the contract in relation to the expected realization of the underlying cash flows. amortization expense and income are recorded through purchased power and fuel expense or operating revenues, respectively. refer to note 3—regulatory matters, note 4—mergers, acquisitions, and dispositions and note 11—intangible assets of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
impairment of long-lived assets (all registrants)
all registrants regularly monitor and evaluate their long-lived assets and asset groups, excluding goodwill, for impairment when circumstances indicate the carrying value of those assets may not be recoverable. indicators of potential impairment may include a deteriorating business climate, including declines in energy prices, condition of the asset, specific regulatory disallowance, advances in technology, or plans to dispose of a long-lived asset significantly before the end of its useful life, among others.
the review of long-lived assets and asset groups for impairment utilizes significant assumptions about operating strategies and estimates of future cash flows, which require assessments of current and projected market conditions. for the generation business, forecasting future cash flows requires assumptions regarding forecasted commodity prices for the sale of power, costs of fuel and the expected operations of assets. a variation in the assumptions used could lead to a different conclusion regarding the recoverability of an asset or asset group and, thus, could have a significant effect on the consolidated financial statements. an impairment evaluation is based on an undiscounted cash flow analysis at the lowest level at which cash flows of the long-lived assets or asset groups are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. for the generation business, the lowest level of independent cash flows is determined by the evaluation of several factors, including the geographic dispatch of the generation units and the hedging strategies related to those units as well as the associated intangible assets or liabilities recorded on the balance sheet. the cash flows from the generating units are generally evaluated at a regional portfolio level with cash flows generated from the customer supply and risk management activities, including cash flows from related intangible assets and liabilities on the balance sheet. in certain cases, generating assets may be evaluated on an individual basis where those assets are contracted on a long-term basis with a third party and operations are independent of other generating assets (typically contracted renewables).
on a quarterly basis, generation assesses its asset groups for indicators of impairment. if indicators are present for a long-lived asset or asset group, a comparison of the undiscounted expected future cash flows to the carrying value is performed. when the undiscounted cash flow analysis indicates the carrying value of a long-lived asset or asset group is not recoverable, the amount of the impairment loss is determined by measuring the excess of the carrying amount of the long-lived asset or asset group over its fair value less costs to sell. the fair value of the long-lived asset or asset group is dependent upon a market participant’s view of the exit price of the assets. this includes significant assumptions of the estimated future cash flows generated by the assets and market discount rates. events and circumstances often do not occur as expected and there will usually be differences between prospective financial information and actual results, and those differences may be material. the determination of fair
value is driven by both internal assumptions that include significant unobservable inputs (level 3) such as revenue and generation forecasts, projected capital, and maintenance expenditures and discount rates, as well as information from various public, financial and industry sources.
generation evaluates its equity method investments and other investments in debt and equity securities to determine whether or not they are impaired based on whether the investment has experienced a decline in value that is not temporary in nature.
see note 8—impairment of long-lived assets of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for a discussion of asset impairment evaluations made by exelon.
the registrants have significant investments in electric generation assets and electric and natural gas transmission and distribution assets. these assets are generally depreciated on a straight-line basis, using the composite method in which depreciation is calculated using the average estimated useful life of assets within an asset group. the estimation of asset useful lives requires management judgment, supported by formal depreciation studies of historical asset retirement experience. depreciation studies are completed every five years, or more frequently if required by a rate regulator or if an event, regulatory action, or change in retirement patterns indicate an update is necessary.
for the utility registrants, depreciation studies generally serve as the basis for amounts allowed in customer rates for recovery of depreciation costs. generally, the utility registrants adjust their depreciation rates for financial reporting purposes concurrent with adjustments to depreciation rates reflected in rates, unless the depreciation rates reflected in rates do not align with management’s judgment as to an appropriate estimated useful life or have not been updated on a timely basis. consistent with each utility’s regulatory recovery method, the utility registrant’s depreciation expense for each asset group includes an amount for the estimated cost of dismantling and removing plant from service spread straight line over the asset group’s average remaining useful life. estimates for such removal costs are also evaluated in the periodic depreciation studies.
at generation, along with depreciation study results, management considers expected future energy market conditions and generation plant operating costs and capital investment requirements in determining the estimated service lives of its generating facilities. see note 9—early nuclear plant retirements of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on expected and potential early nuclear plant retirements.
comed is required to file an electric distribution depreciation rate study at least every five years with the icc. comed completed an electric distribution and transmission depreciation study and filed the updated depreciation rates with both the icc and ferc in january 2014, resulting in new depreciation rates effective first quarter 2014.
peco is required to file electric distribution and gas depreciation rate studies at least every five years with the papuc. in march 2015, peco filed a depreciation rate study with the papuc for both its electric distribution and gas assets, resulting in new depreciation rates for electric transmission assets effective january 1, 2015, for gas distribution assets effective july 1, 2015, and for electric distribution assets january 1, 2016.
the mdpsc does not mandate the frequency or timing of bge’s electric distribution or gas depreciation studies. in july 2014, bge filed revised depreciation rates with the mdpsc for both its electric distribution and gas assets, which became effective december 15, 2014.
the mdpsc does not mandate the frequency or timing of pepco’s electric distribution depreciation studies, while the dcpsc directs pepco as to when it should file an electric distribution depreciation study. in 2016 and 2013, pepco filed revised electric distribution depreciation rates with the mdpsc and dcpsc, respectively, with the new rates effective november 15, 2016 and april 16, 2014, respectively.
neither the dpsc nor the mdpsc mandates the frequency or timing of dpl’s electric distribution or gas depreciation studies. dpl filed revised depreciation rates for gas assets in 2006, with the new rates effective april 1, 2007. in 2013, dpl filed revised electric distribution depreciation rates with the mdpsc, with the new rates effective july 20, 2013. on july 20, 2016, dpl filed revised electric depreciation rates with the mdpsc as part of the electric distribution base rate filing. any adjustments to the depreciation rates approved by the mdpsc are expected to take effect in the first quarter of 2017. on may 17, 2016, dpl filed revised electric and natural gas depreciation rates with the dpsc as part of the electric and natural gas base rate case filing. the dpsc is not required to issue a decision on the application within a specific period of time and adjustments to the depreciation rates will be made based on the outcome of the final orders, when received.
the njbpu does not mandate the frequency or timing of ace’s electric distribution depreciation studies. in 2012, ace filed revised electric distribution depreciation rates with the njbpu, with the new rates effective july 1, 2013.
changes in estimated useful lives of electric generation assets and of electric and natural gas transmission and distribution assets could have a significant impact on the registrants’ future results of operations. see note 1—significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding depreciation and estimated service lives of the property, plant and equipment of the registrants.
defined benefit pension and other postretirement employee benefits (all registrants)
exelon sponsors defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement employee benefit plans for substantially all employees. see note 17—retirement benefits of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the accounting for the defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans.
the measurement of the plan obligations and costs of providing benefits involves various factors, including the development of valuation assumptions and inputs and accounting policy elections. when developing the required assumptions, exelon considers historical information as well as future expectations. the measurement of benefit obligations and costs is affected by several assumptions including the discount rate applied to benefit obligations, the long-term expected rate of return on plan assets, the anticipated rate of increase of health care costs, exelon’s expected level of contributions to the plans, the incidence of participant mortality, the expected remaining service period of plan participants, the level of compensation and rate of compensation increases, employee age, length of service, and the long-term expected investment rate credited to employees of certain plans, among others. the assumptions are updated annually and upon any interim remeasurement of the plan obligations. exelon amortizes actuarial gains or losses in excess of a corridor of 10% of the greater of the projected benefit obligation or the market-related value (mrv) of plan assets over the expected average remaining service period of plan participants. pension and other postretirement benefit costs attributed to the operating companies are labor costs and are ultimately allocated to projects within the operating companies, some of which are capitalized.
pension and other postretirement benefit plan assets include equity securities, including u.s. and international securities, and fixed income securities, as well as certain alternative investment classes such as real estate, private equity and hedge funds. see note 17—retirement benefits of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information on fair value measurements of pension and other postretirement plan assets, including valuation techniques and classification under the fair value hierarchy in accordance with authoritative guidance.
expected rate of return on plan assets the long-term eroa assumption used in calculating pension costs for exelon plans was 7.00% for each of 2016, 2015 and 2014. for the predecessor periods of 2016, 2015 and 2014, the long-term eroa assumption used in calculating pension costs for the phi plans was 6.50%, 6.50% and 7.00%, respectively. the weighted after-tax average eroa assumption used in calculating other postretirement benefit costs for exelon plans was 6.71%, 6.50% and 6.59% in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. for the predecessor periods of 2016, 2015 and 2014, the eroa assumption used in calculating other postretirement benefit costs for phi plans was 6.75%, 6.75% and 7.25%, respectively. the pension trust activity is non-taxable, while other postretirement benefit trust activity is partially taxable. in 2010, exelon began implementation of a liability-driven investment strategy in order to reduce the volatility of its pension assets relative to its pension liabilities. over time, exelon has decreased its equity investments and increased its investments in fixed income securities and alternative investments within the pension asset portfolio in order to achieve a balanced portfolio of liability hedging and return-generating assets. see note 17—retirement benefits of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding exelon’s asset allocations. exelon used an eroa of 7.00% and 6.60% to estimate its 2017 pension and other postretirement benefit costs, respectively.
exelon calculates the amount of expected return on pension and other postretirement benefit plan assets by multiplying the eroa by the mrv of plan assets at the beginning of the year, taking into consideration anticipated contributions and benefit payments to be made during the year. in determining mrv, the authoritative guidance for pensions and postretirement benefits allows the use of either fair value or a calculated value that recognizes changes in fair value in a systematic and rational manner over not more than five years. for the majority of pension plan assets, exelon uses a calculated value that adjusts for 20% of the difference between fair value and expected mrv of plan assets. use of this calculated value approach enables less volatile expected asset returns to be recognized as a component of pension cost from year to year. for other postretirement benefit plan assets and certain pension plan assets, exelon uses fair value to calculate the mrv.
actual asset returns have an impact on the costs reported for the exelon-sponsored pension and other postretirement benefit plans. the actual asset returns across the registrants’ pension and other postretirement benefit plans for the year ended december 31, 2016 were 7.30% and 6.02%, respectively, compared to an expected long-term return assumption of 7.00% and 6.71%, respectively.
discount rate the discount rate used to determine the majority of the december 31, 2016 pension and other postretirement benefit obligations was 4.04%, representing a weighted-average of the rate for the majority of pension and other postretirement benefit plans. at december 31, 2016 and 2015, for both exelon and phi, the discount rates were determined by developing a spot rate curve based on the yield to maturity of a universe of high-quality non-callable (or callable with make whole provisions) bonds with similar maturities to the related pension and other postretirement benefit obligations. the spot rates are used to discount the estimated future benefit distribution amounts under the pension and other postretirement benefit plans. the discount rate is the single level rate that produces the same result as the spot rate curve. exelon utilizes an analytical tool developed by its actuaries to determine the discount rates.
the discount rate assumptions used to determine the obligation valuation at year end are also used to determine the cost for the following year. exelon used discount rates ranging from 3.66% to 4.17% to estimate its 2017 pension and other postretirement benefit costs.
health care cost trend rate assumed health care cost trend rates impact the costs reported for exelon’s other postretirement benefit plans for participant populations with plan designs that do not have a cap on cost growth. accounting guidance requires that annual health care cost estimates be developed using past and present health care cost trends (both for exelon and across the broader economy), as well as expectations of health care cost escalation, changes in health care utilization and delivery patterns, technological advances and changes in the health status of plan participants. therefore, the trend rate assumption is subject to significant uncertainty. exelon assumed an initial health care cost trend rate of 5.50% for 2016, decreasing to an ultimate health care cost trend rate of 5.00% in 2017 for the majority of its plans.
mortality the mortality assumption is composed of a base table that represents the current expectation of life expectancy of the population adjusted by an improvement scale that attempts to anticipate future improvements in life expectancy. exelon uses a mortality base table for its accounting valuation that is consistent with the irs-required table for determining plan funding requirements pursuant to erisa (referred to as rp-2000). exelon is utilizing the scale bb 2-dimensional improvement scale with long-term improvements of 0.75% for its mortality improvement assumption. the mortality assumption is supported by an actuarial experience study on exelon’s plan participants performed in 2014.
sensitivity to changes in key assumptions the following tables illustrate the effects of changing certain of the actuarial assumptions discussed above, while holding all other assumptions constant (dollars in millions):
actuarial assumption                  change in        pension               other postretirement             total assumption                                          benefits change in 2016 cost:
change in benefit obligation at december 31, 2016:
(a)                    in general, the discount rate will have a larger impact on the pension and other postretirement benefit cost and obligation as the rate moves closer to 0%. therefore, the discount rate sensitivities above cannot necessarily be extrapolated for larger increases or decreases in the discount rate. additionally, exelon implemented a liability-driven investment strategy for a portion of its pension asset portfolio in 2010. the sensitivities shown above do not reflect the offsetting impact that changes in discount rates may have on pension asset returns.
average remaining service period for pension benefits, exelon amortizes its unrecognized prior service costs and certain actuarial gains and losses, as applicable, based on participants’ average remaining service periods. the average remaining service period of exelon’s defined benefit pension plan participants was 11.9 years, 11.9 years and 11.8 years for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. for the predecessor periods, the average remaining service period of phi’s defined benefit plans was approximately 11 years for both 2015 and 2014.
for other postretirement benefits, exelon amortizes its unrecognized prior service costs over participants’ average remaining service period to benefit eligibility age and amortizes its transition obligations and certain actuarial gains and losses over participants’ average remaining service period to expected retirement. the average remaining service period of postretirement benefit plan participants related to benefit eligibility age was 9.0 years, 10.8 years and 9.1 years for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. the average remaining service period of postretirement benefit plan participants related to expected retirement was 9.7 years, 9.7 years and 10.1 years for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. for the predecessor periods, the average remaining service period of phi’s other postretirement benefit plans was approximately 11 years for both 2015 and 2014.
regulatory accounting (exelon, comed, peco, bge, phi, pepco, dpl and ace)
exelon and the utility registrants account for their regulated electric and gas operations in accordance with the authoritative guidance, which requires exelon and the utility registrants to reflect the effects of cost-based rate regulation in their financial statements. this guidance is applicable to entities with regulated operations that meet the following criteria: (1) rates are established or approved by a third-party regulator; (2) rates are designed to recover the entities’ cost of providing services or products; and (3) a reasonable expectation that rates are set at levels that will recover the entities’ costs from customers. regulatory assets represent incurred costs that have been deferred because of their probable future recovery from customers through regulated rates. regulatory liabilities represent (1) the excess recovery of costs or accrued credits that have been deferred because it is probable such amounts will be returned to customers through future regulated rates; or (2) billings in advance of expenditures for approved regulatory programs. as of december 31, 2016, exelon and the utility registrants have concluded that the operations of each such registrant meet the criteria to apply the authoritative guidance. if it is concluded in a future period that a separable portion of operations no longer meets the criteria of this guidance, exelon and the utility registrants would be required to eliminate any associated regulatory assets and liabilities and the impact would be recognized in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income and could be material. see note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding regulatory matters, including the regulatory assets and liabilities tables of exelon and the utility registrants.
for each regulatory jurisdiction in which they conduct business, exelon and the utility registrants assess whether the regulatory assets and liabilities continue to meet the criteria for probable future recovery or settlement at each balance sheet date and when regulatory events occur. this assessment includes consideration of recent rate orders, historical regulatory treatment for similar costs in each registrant’s jurisdictions, and factors such as changes in applicable regulatory and political environments. furthermore, each registrant makes other judgments related to the financial statement impact of their regulatory environments, such as the types of adjustments to rate base that will be acceptable to regulatory bodies, if any, for which costs will be recoverable through rates. refer to the revenue recognition discussion below for additional information on the annual revenue reconciliations associated with comed’s distribution formula rate, pursuant to eima, and ferc-approved
transmission formula rate tariffs for comed, bge, pepco, dpl and ace. additionally, estimates are made in accordance with the authoritative guidance for contingencies as to the amount of revenues billed under certain regulatory orders that may ultimately be refunded to customers upon finalization of applicable regulatory or judicial processes. these assessments are based, to the extent possible, on past relevant experience with regulatory bodies in each registrant’s jurisdictions, known circumstances specific to a particular matter and hearings held with the applicable regulatory body. if the assessments and estimates made by exelon and the utility registrants for regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities are ultimately different than actual regulatory outcomes, the impact on their results of operations, financial position, and cash flows could be material.
ace has a recovery mechanism for purchased power costs associated with bgs. ace records a deferred energy supply costs regulatory asset or regulatory liability for under or over-recovered costs that are expected to be recovered from or refunded to ace customers, respectively. in the first quarter of 2016, ace changed its method of accounting for determining under or over-recovered costs in this recovery mechanism to include unbilled revenues in the determination of under or over-recovered costs. ace believes this change is preferable as it better reflects the economic impacts of dollar-for-dollar cost recovery mechanisms. ace applied the change retrospectively. the impact of the change was a $12 million reduction to ace’s opening retained earnings as of january 1, 2014 with a corresponding reduction to regulatory assets. the impact of the change on net income attributable to common shareholder was an increase of $2 million and $1 million for the years ended december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014, respectively.
the registrants treat the impacts of a final rate order received after the balance sheet date but prior to the issuance of the financial statements as a non-recognized subsequent event, as the receipt of a final rate order is a separate and distinct event that has future impacts on the parties affected by the order.
accounting for derivative instruments (all registrants)
the registrants utilize derivative instruments to manage their exposure to fluctuations in interest rates, changes in interest rates related to planned future debt issuances and changes in the fair value of outstanding debt. generation uses a variety of derivative and non-derivative instruments to manage the commodity price risk of its electric generation facilities, including power sales, fuel and energy purchases and other energy-related products marketed and purchased. additionally, generation enters into energy-related derivatives for proprietary trading purposes. comed has entered into contracts to procure energy, capacity and ancillary services. in addition, comed currently holds floating-to-fixed energy swaps with several unaffiliated suppliers that extend into 2032. peco and bge have entered into derivative natural gas contracts to hedge their long-term price risk in the natural gas market. peco has also entered into derivative contracts to procure electric supply through a competitive rfp process as outlined in its papuc-approved dsp program. bge has also entered into derivative contracts to procure electric supply through a competitive auction process as outlined in its mdpsc-approved sos program. pepco has contracts to procure sos electric supply that are executed through a competitive procurement process approved by the mdpsc and dcpsc. dpl has contracts to procure sos electric supply that are executed through a competitive procurement process approved by the mdpsc and the dpsc. dpl also uses derivatives to reduce natural gas commodity volatility and to limit its customers’ exposure to natural gas price fluctuations under a hedging program approved by the dpsc. ace has contracts to procure bgs electric supply that are executed through a competitive procurement process approved by the njbpu. comed, peco, bge, pepco, dpl and ace do not enter into derivatives for proprietary trading purposes. the registrants’ derivative activities are in accordance with exelon’s risk management policy (rmp). see note 13—derivative financial instruments of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the registrants’ derivative instruments.
the registrants account for derivative financial instruments under the applicable authoritative guidance. determining whether or not a contract qualifies as a derivative under this guidance requires that management exercise significant judgment, including assessing market liquidity as well as determining whether a contract has one or more underlyings and one or more notional amounts. changes in management’s assessment of contracts and the liquidity of their markets, and changes in authoritative guidance related to derivatives, could result in previously excluded contracts being subject to the provisions of the authoritative derivative guidance. generation has determined that contracts to purchase uranium, contracts to purchase and sell capacity in certain iso’s, certain emission products and recs do not meet the definition of a derivative under the current authoritative guidance since they do not provide for net settlement and neither the uranium, certain capacity, emission nor the rec markets are sufficiently liquid to conclude that physical forward contracts are readily convertible to cash. if these markets do become sufficiently liquid in the future and generation would be required to account for these contracts as derivative instruments, the fair value of these contracts would be accounted for consistent with generation’s other derivative instruments. in this case, if market prices differ from the underlying prices of the contracts, generation would be required to record mark-to-market gains or losses, which may have a significant impact to exelon’s and generation’s financial positions and results of operations.
under current authoritative guidance, all derivatives are recognized on the balance sheet at their fair value, except for certain derivatives that qualify for, and are elected under, the normal purchases and normal sales exception. further, derivatives that qualify and are designated for hedge accounting are classified as fair value or cash flow hedges. for fair value hedges, changes in fair values for both the derivative and the underlying hedged exposure are recognized in earnings each period. for cash flow hedges, the portion of the derivative gain or loss that is effective in offsetting the change in the hedged cash flows of the underlying exposure is deferred in accumulated oci and later reclassified into earnings when the underlying transaction occurs. gains and losses from the ineffective portion of any hedge are recognized in earnings immediately. generally, hedge accounting is not elected for commodity transactions. economic hedges for commodities are recorded at fair value through earnings. in addition, for energy-related derivatives entered into for proprietary trading purposes, changes in the fair value of the derivatives are recognized in earnings each period. for economic hedges that are not designated for hedge accounting for the utility registrants, changes in the fair value each period are recorded with a corresponding offsetting regulatory asset or liability if there is an ability to recover the associated costs.
normal purchases and normal sales exception as part of generation’s energy marketing business, generation enters into contracts to buy and sell energy to meet the requirements of its customers. these contracts include short-term and long-term commitments to purchase and sell energy and energy-related products in the retail and wholesale markets with the intent and ability to deliver or take delivery. while some of these contracts are considered derivative financial instruments under the authoritative guidance, certain of these qualifying transactions have been designated as normal purchases and normal sales and are thus not required to be recorded at fair value, but rather on an accrual basis of accounting. determining whether a contract qualifies for the normal purchases and normal sales exception requires that management exercise judgment on whether the contract will physically deliver and requires that management ensure compliance with all of the associated qualification and documentation requirements. revenues and expenses on contracts that qualify as normal purchases and normal sales are recognized when the underlying physical transaction is completed. contracts which qualify for the normal purchases and normal sales exception are those for which physical delivery is probable, quantities are expected to be used or sold in the normal course of business over a reasonable period of time and is not financially settled on a net basis. the contracts that comed has entered into with suppliers as part of comed’s energy procurement process, peco’s full requirement contracts under the papuc-approved dsp
program, most of peco’s natural gas supply agreements, all of bge’s full requirement contracts and natural gas supply agreements that are derivatives and certain pepco, dpl and ace full requirement contracts qualify for and are accounted for under the normal purchases and normal sales exception.
commodity contracts identification of a commodity contract as an economic hedge requires generation to determine that the contract is in accordance with the rmp. generation reassesses its economic hedges on a regular basis to determine if they continue to be within the guidelines of the rmp.
as a part of accounting for derivatives, the registrants make estimates and assumptions concerning future commodity prices, load requirements, interest rates, the timing of future transactions and their probable cash flows, the fair value of contracts and the expected changes in the fair value in deciding whether or not to enter into derivative transactions, and in determining the initial accounting treatment for derivative transactions. in accordance with the authoritative guidance for fair value measurements, the registrants categorize these derivatives under a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. derivative contracts are traded in both exchange-based and non-exchange-based markets. exchange-based derivatives that are valued using unadjusted quoted prices in active markets are categorized in level 1 in the fair value hierarchy. certain derivatives’ pricing is verified using indicative price quotations available through brokers or over-the-counter, on-line exchanges are categorized in level 2. these price quotations reflect the average of the bid-ask mid-point prices and are obtained from sources that the registrants believe provide the most liquid market for the commodity. the price quotations are reviewed and corroborated to ensure the prices are observable and representative of an orderly transaction between market participants. this includes consideration of actual transaction volumes, market delivery points, bid-ask spreads and contract duration. the registrant’s derivatives are traded predominately at liquid trading points. the remaining derivative contracts are valued using models that take into account inputs such as contract terms, including maturity, and market parameters, and assumptions of the future prices of energy, interest rates, volatility, credit worthiness and credit spread. for derivatives that trade in liquid markets, such as generic forwards, swaps and options, the model inputs are generally observable. such instruments are categorized in level 2. for derivatives that trade in less liquid markets with limited pricing information, the model inputs generally would include both observable and unobservable inputs. in instances where observable data is unavailable, consideration is given to the assumptions that market participants would use in valuing the asset or liability. this includes assumptions about market risks such as liquidity, volatility and contract duration. such instruments are categorized in level 3 as the model inputs generally are not observable. the registrants consider nonperformance risk, including credit risk in the valuation of derivative contracts categorized in level 1, 2 and 3, including both historical and current market data in its assessment of nonperformance risk, including credit risk. the impacts of credit and nonperformance risk to date have generally not been material to the financial statements.
interest rate and foreign exchange derivative instruments the registrants may utilize fixed-to-floating interest rate swaps, which are typically designated as fair value hedges, as a means to achieve the targeted level of variable-rate debt as a percent of total debt. additionally, the registrants may use forward-starting interest rate swaps and treasury rate locks to lock in interest-rate levels in anticipation of future financings and floating to fixed swaps for project financing. in addition, generation enters into interest rate derivative contracts to economically hedge risk associated with the interest rate component of commodity positions. the characterization of the interest rate derivative contracts between the economic hedge and proprietary trading activity is driven by the corresponding characterization of the underlying commodity position that gives rise to the interest rate exposure. generation does not utilize interest rate derivatives with the objective of benefiting from shifts or changes in market interest rates. to manage foreign exchange rate exposure
associated with international energy purchases in currencies other than u.s. dollars, generation utilizes foreign currency derivatives, which are typically designated as economic hedges. the fair value of the agreements is calculated by discounting the future net cash flows to the present value based on the terms and conditions of the agreements and the forward interest rate and foreign exchange curves. as these inputs are based on observable data and valuations of similar instruments, the interest rate and foreign exchange derivatives are primarily categorized in level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. certain exchange based interest rate derivatives that are valued using unadjusted quoted prices in active markets are categorized in level 1 in the fair value hierarchy.
see item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk and note 12—fair value of financial assets and liabilities and note 13—derivative financial instruments of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the registrants’ derivative instruments.
significant management judgment is required in determining the registrants’ provisions for income taxes, primarily due to the uncertainty related to tax positions taken, as well as deferred tax assets and liabilities and valuation allowances. in accordance with applicable authoritative guidance, the registrants account for uncertain income tax positions using a benefit recognition model with a two-step approach including a more-likely-than-not recognition threshold and a measurement approach based on the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. if it is not more-likely-than-not that the benefit of the tax position will be sustained on its technical merits, no benefit is recorded. uncertain tax positions that relate only to timing of when an item is included on a tax return are considered to have met the recognition threshold. management evaluates each position based solely on the technical merits and facts and circumstances of the position, assuming the position will be examined by a taxing authority having full knowledge of all relevant information. significant judgment is required to determine whether the recognition threshold has been met and, if so, the appropriate amount of tax benefits to be recorded in the registrants’ consolidated financial statements.
in the first quarter of 2016, phi, pepco, dpl and ace changed their accounting principle for classification of interest on uncertain tax positions. phi, pepco, dpl and ace have reclassified interest on uncertain tax positions as interest expense from income tax expense in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. gaap does not address the preferability of one acceptable method of accounting over the other for the classification of interest on uncertain tax positions. however, phi, pepco, dpl and ace believe this change is preferable for comparability of their financial statements with the financial statements of the other registrants in the combined filing, for consistency with ferc classification and for a more appropriate representation of the effective tax rate as they manage the settlement of uncertain tax positions and interest expense separately. phi, pepco, dpl and ace applied the change retrospectively. the reclassification in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income for the year ended december 31, 2015 is $34 million and $4 million for phi and pepco, respectively, and for the year ended december 31, 2014 is $1 million for both pepco and ace. the impact on all other phi registrants for years ended december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014 is less than $1 million.
the registrants evaluate quarterly the probability of realizing deferred tax assets by reviewing a forecast of future taxable income and their intent and ability to implement tax planning strategies, if necessary, to realize deferred tax assets. the registrants also evaluate for negative evidence that could indicate the registrant’s inability to realize its deferred tax assets, such as historical operating loss or tax credit carryforward expiration. based on the combined assessment, the registrants record valuation allowances for deferred tax assets when they conclude it is more-likely-than-not such benefit will not be realized in future periods.
actual income taxes could vary from estimated amounts due to the future impacts of various items, including future changes in income tax laws, the registrants’ forecasted financial condition and results of operations, failure to successfully implement tax planning strategies, as well as results of audits and examinations of filed tax returns by taxing authorities. while the registrants believe the resulting tax balances as of december 31, 2016 and 2015 are appropriately accounted for in accordance with the applicable authoritative guidance, the ultimate outcome of tax matters could result in favorable or unfavorable adjustments to their consolidated financial statements and such adjustments could be material. see note 15—income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding taxes.
accounting for loss contingencies (all registrants)
in the preparation of their financial statements, the registrants make judgments regarding the future outcome of contingent events and record liabilities for loss contingencies that are probable and can be reasonably estimated based upon available information. the amounts recorded may differ from the actual expense incurred when the uncertainty is resolved. the estimates that the registrants make in accounting for loss contingencies and the actual results that they record upon the ultimate resolution of these uncertainties could have a significant effect on their consolidated financial statements.
environmental costs environmental investigation and remediation liabilities are based upon estimates with respect to the number of sites for which the registrants will be responsible, the scope and cost of work to be performed at each site, the portion of costs that will be shared with other parties, the timing of the remediation work and changes in technology, regulations and the requirements of local governmental authorities. periodic studies are conducted at comed, peco, bge, pepco, dpl and ace to determine future remediation requirements and estimates are adjusted accordingly. in addition, periodic reviews are performed at generation to assess the adequacy of its environmental reserves. these matters, if resolved in a manner different from the estimate, could have a significant effect on the registrants’ results of operations, financial position and cash flows. see note 24—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further information.
other, including personal injury claims the registrants are self-insured for general liability, automotive liability, workers’ compensation, and personal injury claims to the extent that losses are within policy deductibles or exceed the amount of insurance maintained. the registrants have reserves for both open claims asserted and an estimate of claims incurred but not reported (ibnr). the ibnr reserve is estimated based on actuarial assumptions and analysis and is updated annually. future events, such as the number of new claims to be filed each year, the average cost of disposing of claims, as well as the numerous uncertainties surrounding litigation and possible state and national legislative measures could cause the actual costs to be higher or lower than estimated. accordingly, these claims, if resolved in a manner different from the estimate, could have a material effect on the registrants’ results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
revenue recognition (all registrants)
sources of revenue and determination of accounting treatment the registrants earn revenues from various business activities including: the sale of energy and energy-related products, such as natural gas, capacity, and other commodities in non-regulated markets (wholesale and retail); the sale and delivery of electricity and natural gas in regulated markets; and the provision of other energy-related non-regulated products and services.
the appropriate accounting treatment for revenue recognition is based on the nature of the underlying transaction and applicable accounting standards. the registrants primarily use accrual and mark-to-market accounting as discussed in more detail below.
accrual accounting under accrual accounting, the registrants record revenues in the period when services are rendered or energy is delivered to customers. the registrants generally use accrual accounting to recognize revenues for sales of electricity, natural gas and other commodities as part of their physical delivery activities. the registrants enter into these sales transactions using a variety of instruments, including non-derivative agreements, derivatives that qualify for and are designated as normal purchases and normal sales (npns) of commodities that will be physically delivered, sales to utility customers under regulated service tariffs and spot-market sales, including settlements with independent system operators.
mark-to-market accounting the registrants record revenues and expenses using the mark-to-market method of accounting for transactions that meet the definition of a derivative for which they are not permitted, or have not elected, the npns exception. these mark-to-market transactions primarily relate to commodity price risk management activities. mark-to-market revenues and expenses include: inception gains or losses on new transactions where the fair value is observable and realized; and unrealized gains and losses from changes in the fair value of open contracts.
unbilled revenues the determination of generation’s and the utility registrants’ retail energy sales to individual customers is based on systematic readings of customer meters generally on a monthly basis. at the end of each month, amounts of energy delivered to customers since the date of the last meter reading are estimated, and corresponding unbilled revenue is recorded. the measurement of unbilled revenue is affected by the following factors: daily customer usage measured by generation or gas throughput volume, customer usage by class, losses of energy during delivery to customers and applicable customer rates. increases or decreases in volumes delivered to the utilities’ customers and favorable or unfavorable rate mix due to changes in usage patterns in customer classes in the period could be significant to the calculation of unbilled revenue. in addition, revenues may fluctuate monthly as a result of customers electing to use an alternate supplier, since unbilled commodity receivables are not recorded for these customers. changes in the timing of meter reading schedules and the number and type of customers scheduled for each meter reading date would also have an effect on the measurement of unbilled revenue; however, total operating revenues would remain materially unchanged.
see note 6—accounts receivable of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
regulated distribution & transmission revenues comed’s eima distribution formula rate provides for annual reconciliations to the distribution revenue requirement. as of the balance sheet dates, comed has recorded its best estimates of the distribution revenue impact resulting from changes in rates that comed believes are probable of approval by the icc in accordance with the formula rate mechanism.
comed’s, bge’s, pepco’s, dpl’s and ace’s ferc transmission formula rate tariffs provide for annual reconciliations to the transmission revenue requirements. as of the balance sheet dates,
comed, bge, pepco, dpl and ace have recorded the best estimate of their respective transmission revenue impact resulting from changes in rates that each registrant believes are probable of approval by ferc in accordance with the formula rate mechanism.
distribution and transmission formula rates require significant estimates. estimates are based upon actual costs incurred and investments in rate base for the period and the rates of return on common equity and associated regulatory capital structure allowed under the applicable tariff. the estimated reconciliation can be affected by, among other things, variances in costs incurred, investments made, allowed roe, and actions by regulators or courts.
see note 1—significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for more information on the potential impacts of the new revenue accounting standard effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after december 15, 2017.
allowance for uncollectible accounts (all registrants)
the allowance for uncollectible accounts reflects the registrants’ best estimates of losses on the accounts receivable balances. for generation, the allowance is based on accounts receivable aging historical experience and other currently available information. comed, peco and bge estimate the allowance for uncollectible accounts on customer receivables by applying loss rates developed specifically for each company to the outstanding receivable balance by customer risk segment. at december 31, 2015, pepco, dpl and ace estimated the allowance for uncollectible accounts based on specific identification of material amounts at risk by customer and maintained a reserve based on their historical collection experience. at december 31, 2016, pepco, dpl and ace aligned the estimation of their allowance for uncollectible accounts to be consistent with comed, peco and bge, as described above. risk segments represent a group of customers with similar credit quality indicators that are comprised based on various attributes, including delinquency of their balances and payment history. loss rates applied to the accounts receivable balances are based on historical average charge-offs as a percentage of accounts receivable in each risk segment. the utility registrant customers’ accounts are generally considered delinquent if the amount billed is not received by the time the next bill is issued, which normally occurs on a monthly basis. utility registrants’ customer accounts are written off consistent with approved regulatory requirements. utility registrants’ allowances for uncollectible accounts will continue to be affected by changes in volume, prices and economic conditions as well as changes in icc, papuc, mdpsc, dcpsc, dpsc and njbpu regulations. see note 6—accounts receivable of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding accounts receivable.
results of operations by business segment the comparisons of operating results and other statistical information for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 set forth below include intercompany transactions, which are eliminated in exelon’s consolidated financial statements.
net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders by registrant for the years   favorable                for the year         favorable ended   (unfavorable)                   ended     (unfavorable)
successor                 predecessor march 24, 2016 to         january 1, 2016 to            for the year            for the year            favorable december 31, 2016         march 23, 2016                ended                   ended                   (unfavorable)
equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates                              —                      —                     —                (20   )                20
gain (loss) on sales of assets                                           (59   )                 12                   (71   )            437                  (425   )
gain on consolidation and acquisition of businesses                        —                      —                     —                289                  (289   )
income before income taxes                                               873                  1,850                  (977   )          1,226                   624
equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates                            (25   )                 (8   )               (17   )              —                    (8   )
net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests                62                    (32   )                94                184                  (216   )
(a)   on april 1, 2014, generation assumed operational control of ceng’s nuclear fleet. as a result, beginning on april 1, 2014, the financial results include ceng’s results of operations on a fully consolidated basis.
(b)                generation evaluates its operating performance using the measure of revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense. generation believes that revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense is a useful measurement because it provides information that can be used to evaluate its operational performance. revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense is not a presentation defined under gaap and may not be comparable to other companies’ presentations or deemed more useful than the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report.
net income attributable to membership interest year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015. generation’s net income attributable to membership interest decreased compared to the same period in 2015, primarily due to lower revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense, higher operating and maintenance expense, higher depreciation and amortization expense, and losses on sales of assets in 2016, partially offset by increased other income and decreased income tax expense. the decrease in revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense primarily relates to lower mark-to-market results in 2016 compared to 2015 and lower realized energy prices, partially offset by the ginna reliability support services agreement and a decrease in outage days at higher capacity units despite an increase in overall outage days. the increase in operating and maintenance expense is primarily related to the impairment of upstream assets and certain wind projects, and increased costs related to the implementation of the cost management program. the increase in depreciation and amortization expense is primarily related to accelerated depreciation and amortization expense related to the previous decision to early retire the clinton and quad cities nuclear generating facilities, increased nuclear decommissioning amortization and increased depreciation expense due to ongoing capital expenditures. the increase in losses on sales of assets is primarily due to generation’s strategic decision to narrow the scope and scale of its growth and development activities. the increase in other income is primarily due to the change in realized and unrealized gains and losses on ndt funds.
year ended december 31, 2015 compared to year ended december 31, 2014. generation’s net income attributable to membership interest increased compared to the same period in 2014 primarily due to higher revenue net of purchase power and fuel expense and lower operating and maintenance expense; partially offset by the absence of the 2014 gains recorded on the sales of generation’s ownership interest in generating stations, the absence of the 2014 gain recorded upon the consolidation of ceng, decreased other income and increased income tax expense. the increase in revenue, net of purchase power and fuel expense was primarily due to the inclusion of ceng’s results on fully consolidated basis in 2015, the benefit of lower cost to serve load (including the absence of higher procurement costs for replacement power in 2014), the cancellation of the doe snf disposal fee, increased capacity prices, the inclusion of integrys’ results in 2015, favorability from portfolio management optimization activities, increased load served, and mark-to-market gains in 2015 compared to mark-to-market losses in 2014, partially offset by lower margins resulting from the 2014 sale of generating assets, lower realized energy prices, and the absence of the 2014 fuel optimization opportunities in the south region due to extreme cold weather. the decrease in operating and maintenance expense was largely due to the reduction of long-lived asset impairment charges in 2015 versus 2014, partially offset by increased labor, contracting and materials expense due to the inclusion of ceng’s results on a fully consolidated basis in 2015 and increased energy efficiency projects. the decrease in other income is primarily the result of the change in realized and unrealized gains and losses on ndt fund investments in 2015 as compared to 2014.
revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense the basis for generation’s reportable segments is the integrated management of its electricity business that is located in different geographic regions, and largely representative of the footprints of
iso/rto and/or nerc regions, which utilize multiple supply sources to provide electricity through various distribution channels (wholesale and retail). generation’s hedging strategies and risk metrics are also aligned with these same geographic regions. descriptions of each of generation’s six reportable segments are as follows:
•                    midwest represents operations in the western half of pjm, which includes portions of illinois, pennsylvania, indiana, ohio, michigan, kentucky and tennessee, and the united states footprint of miso excluding miso’s southern region, which covers all or most of north dakota, south dakota, nebraska, minnesota, iowa, wisconsin, the remaining parts of illinois, indiana, michigan and ohio not covered by pjm, and parts of montana, missouri and kentucky.
•   new england represents the operations within iso-ne covering the states of connecticut, maine, massachusetts, new hampshire, rhode island and vermont.
•   new york represents operations within iso-ny, which covers the state of new york in its entirety.
•   ercot represents operations within electric reliability council of texas, covering most of the state of texas.
•                         south represents operations in the frcc, miso’s southern region, and the remaining portions of the serc not included within miso or pjm, which includes all or most of florida, arkansas, louisiana, mississippi, alabama, georgia, tennessee, north carolina, south carolina and parts of missouri, kentucky and texas. generation’s south region also includes operations in the spp, covering kansas, oklahoma, most of nebraska and parts of new mexico, texas, louisiana, missouri, mississippi and arkansas.
•   west represents operations in the wecc, which includes california iso, and covers the states of california, oregon, washington, arizona, nevada, utah, idaho, colorado, and parts of new mexico, wyoming and south dakota.
the following business activities are not allocated to a region, and are reported under other: natural gas, as well as other miscellaneous business activities that are not significant to generation’s overall operating revenues or results of operations. further, the following activities are not allocated to a region, and are reported in other: amortization of certain intangible assets relating to commodity contracts recorded at fair value from mergers and acquisitions; accelerated nuclear fuel amortization associated with the initial early retirement decision for clinton and quad cities; and other miscellaneous revenues.
generation evaluates the operating performance of its power marketing activities using the measure of revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense, which is a non-gaap measurement. generation’s operating revenues include all sales to third parties and affiliated sales to the utility registrants. purchased power costs include all costs associated with the procurement and supply of electricity including capacity, energy and ancillary services. fuel expense includes the fuel costs for owned generation and fuel costs associated with tolling agreements.
for the years ended december 31, 2016 compared to 2015 and december 31, 2015 compared to 2014, generation’s revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense by region were as follows:
2016                  2015                 variance                  % change        2014                     variance                 % change mid-atlantic                                                               $3,317                $3,571         $(254   )                  (7.1   )%            $3,431              $140                      4.1   %
mark-to-market gains                                                          (41   )               257          (298   )                (116.0   )%              (591   )           848                     n.m.
(a)   on april 1, 2014, generation assumed operational control of ceng’s nuclear fleet. as a result, beginning april 1, 2014, the financial results include ceng’s results on a fully consolidated basis.
(b)   results of transactions with peco and bge are included in the mid-atlantic region. results of transactions with pepco, dpl, and ace are included in the mid-atlantic region for the successor period of march 24, 2016 to december 31, 2016.
(c)   results of transactions with comed are included in the midwest region.
(d)                       other represents activities not allocated to a region. see text above for a description of included activities. includes a $57 million decrease to rnf, an $8 million increase to rnf, and a $124 million decrease to rnf for the amortization of intangible assets related to commodity contracts recorded at fair value for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively, and accelerated nuclear fuel amortization associated with the initial early retirement of clinton and quad cities as discussed in note 9—early nuclear plant retirements of the combined notes to the financial statements of $60 million for the year ended december 31, 2016.
(e)               includes $113 million and $169 million of purchased power from ceng prior to its consolidation on april 1, 2014 in the mid-atlantic and new york regions, respectively, for the year ended december 31, 2014. see note 27—related party transactions of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
generation’s supply sources by region are summarized below:
supply source (gwh)                2016              2015                   variance                 % change        2014                    variance                  % change nuclear generation (a)
total supply/sales by region (b)
total supply/sales by region               262,940           260,029           2,911                      1.1   %            245,950           14,079                       5.7   %
(b)   excludes physical proprietary trading volumes of 6,179 gwh, 7,310 gwh, and 10,571 gwh for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively.
(c)   includes affiliate sales to peco and bge in the mid-atlantic region and affiliate sales to comed in the midwest region. as a result of the phi merger, includes affiliate sales to pepco, dpl, and ace in the mid-atlantic region for the successor period of march 24, 2016 to december 31, 2016.
mid-atlantic. year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015. the $254 million decrease in revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense in the mid-atlantic was primarily due to lower realized energy prices, decreased capacity prices and higher oil inventory write-downs in 2016, partially offset by increased load volumes served.
year ended december 31, 2015 compared to year ended december 31, 2014. the $140 million increase in revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense in the mid-atlantic was primarily due to the inclusion of ceng’s results on a fully consolidated basis for the full year in 2015, the benefit of lower cost to serve load (which includes the absence of higher procurement costs for replacement power due to extreme cold weather in the first quarter of 2014), increased load volumes served, higher
nuclear volumes, the cancellation of the doe snf disposal fee, and favorability from portfolio management optimization activities, partially offset by lower capacity revenues, and lower generation volumes due to the sale of generating assets.
year ended december 31, 2015 compared to year ended december 31, 2014. the $293 million increase in revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense in the midwest was primarily due to higher capacity revenues, increased load volumes served, the inclusion of integrys’ results in 2015, the cancellation of the doe snf disposal fee in 2014, and favorability from portfolio management optimization activities, partially offset by lower nuclear volumes.
new england. year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015. the $23 million decrease in revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense in new england was primarily due to lower realized energy prices and higher oil inventory write-downs in 2016, partially offset by increased capacity prices.
year ended december 31, 2015 compared to year ended december 31, 2014. the $110 million increase in revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense in new england was primarily due to the benefit of lower cost to serve load, increased load volumes served, the inclusion of integrys’ results in 2015, and favorability from portfolio management optimization activities, partially offset by lower generation volumes due to the sale of a generating asset.
new york. year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015. the $108 million increase in revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense in new york was primarily due to the impact of the ginna reliability support service agreement, partially offset by lower realized energy prices.
year ended december 31, 2015 compared to year ended december 31, 2014. the $151 million increase in revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense in new york was primarily due to the inclusion of ceng’s results on a fully consolidated basis for the full year in 2015, increased nuclear volumes and the inclusion of integrys’ results in 2015, partially offset by lower realized energy prices and decreased capacity revenues.
ercot. year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015. the $12 million decrease in revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense in ercot was primarily due to lower realized energy prices, partially offset by increased output from renewable assets.
year ended december 31, 2015 compared to year ended december 31, 2014. the $24 million decrease in revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense in ercot was primarily due to lower realized energy prices and a decrease in generation volumes due to the sale of a generating asset, partially offset by the absence of higher procurement costs for replacement power in 2014 and decreased fuel costs.
due to the amortization of contracts recorded at fair value associated with prior acquisitions, lower realized energy prices, the absence of the 2014 fuel optimization opportunities, partially offset by increased generation from power purchase agreements, and decreased fuel costs.
proprietary trading. year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015. the $14 million increase in revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense in proprietary trading was primarily due to congestion activity.
year ended december 31, 2015 compared to year ended december 31, 2014. the $41 million decrease in revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense in proprietary trading was primarily due to the absence of gains on congestion trading products.
mark-to-market. generation is exposed to market risks associated with changes in commodity prices and enters into economic hedges to mitigate exposure to these fluctuations. see note 12—fair value of financial assets and liabilities and note 13—derivative financial instruments of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for information on gains and losses associated with mark-to-market derivatives.
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015. mark-to-market losses on economic hedging activities were $41 million in 2016 compared to gains of $257 million in 2015.
year ended december 31, 2015 compared to year ended december 31, 2014. mark-to-market gains on economic hedging activities were $257 million in 2015 compared to losses of $591 million in 2014.
other. year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015. the $107 million increase in other revenue net of purchased power and fuel was primarily due to revenue related to the inclusion of pepco energy services results in 2016 and revenue related to energy efficiency projects, partially offset by the amortization of energy contracts recorded at fair value associated with prior acquisitions, and accelerated nuclear fuel amortization associated with the initial early retirement decision for clinton and quad cities as discussed in note 9—early nuclear plant retirements of the combined notes to the financial statements.
year ended december 31, 2015 compared to year ended december 31, 2014. the $246 million increase in other revenue net of purchased power and fuel was primarily due to the amortization of energy contracts recorded at fair value associated with prior acquisitions, the inclusion of integrys’ gas results in 2015, and an increase in distributed generation and energy efficiency activity. see note 11—intangible assets of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding energy contract intangibles.
nuclear fleet capacity factor the following table presents nuclear fleet operating data for 2016, as compared to 2015 and 2014, for the generation-operated plants. the nuclear fleet capacity factor presented in the table is defined as the ratio of the actual output of a plant over a period of time to its output if the plant had operated at full average annual mean capacity for that time period. generation considers capacity factor a useful measure to analyze the nuclear fleet performance between periods. generation has included the analysis below as a complement to the financial information provided in accordance with gaap. however, these measures are not a presentation defined under gaap and may not be comparable to other companies’ presentations or be more useful than the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report.
nuclear fleet capacity factor (a)          94.6   %          93.7   %          94.3   %
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015. the nuclear fleet capacity factor, which excludes salem, increased in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to fewer refueling and non-refueling outage days. for 2016 and 2015, planned refueling outage days totaled 245 and 290, respectively, and non-refueling outage days totaled 63 and 82, respectively.
year ended december 31, 2015 compared to year ended december 31, 2014. the nuclear fleet capacity factor, which excludes salem, decreased in 2015 compared to 2014 primarily due to a higher number of refueling outage days and non-outage energy losses, partially offset by a lower number of unplanned outage days. for 2015 and 2014, planned refueling outage days totaled 290 and 275, respectively, and non-refueling outage days totaled 82 and 92, respectively.
operating and maintenance expense the changes in operating and maintenance expense for 2016 compared to 2015, consisted of the following:
impairment and related charges of certain generating assets                       $161
merger and integration costs                                                        27
pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense (c)                        (42   )
corporate allocations (d)                                                          (12   )
plant retirements and divestitures (e)                                             (50   )
nuclear refueling outage costs, including the co-owned salem plant (f)             (61   )
merger commitments                                                                  53
labor, other benefits, contracting and materials                                   185
cost management program (h)                                                         43
curtailment of generation growth and development activities                         24
(a)   reflects increased impairments in 2016 compared to 2015, primarily related to the impairments of certain upstream assets and wind generating assets in 2016.
(b)   reflects a non-cash benefit pursuant to the annual update of the generation nuclear decommissioning obligation related to the non-regulatory units.
(d)   reflects a decreased share of corporate allocated costs.
(e)   reflects the impact of the generation’s previous decision to early retire the clinton and quad cities nuclear facilities.
(f)   reflects the favorable impacts of decreased nuclear outages in 2016.
(g)   reflects an increase of labor, other benefits, contracting and materials costs primarily due to increased contracting costs related to energy efficiency projects and the inclusion of pepco energy services results in
2016. also includes cost of sales of our other business activities that are not allocated to a region.
(h)   represents the 2016 severance expense and reorganization costs related to a cost management program.
(i)   reflects the one-time recognition for asset impairment charges pursuant to generation’s strategic decision in the fourth quarter of 2016 to narrow the scope and scale of its growth and development activities.
the changes in operating and maintenance expense for 2015 compared to 2014, consisted of the following:
impairment and related charges of certain generating assets                          $(651   )
maryland merger commitments                                                            (44   )
merger and integration costs                                                           (28   )
regulatory fees and assessments                                                         10
pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense                                 15
corporate allocations (c)                                                               16
nuclear refueling outage costs, including the co-owned salem plant (d)                  64
labor, other benefits, contracting and materials                                       323
(a)   on april 1, 2014, generation assumed operational control of ceng’s nuclear fleet. as a result, the 2014 operating results include ceng’s results of operations on a fully consolidated basis from april 1, 2014 through december 31, 2014.
(b)   primarily relates to impairments of certain generating assets held-for-sale, upstream assets, and wind generating assets during 2014 that did not reoccur in 2015.
(c)   reflects an increased share of corporate allocated costs primarily due to the inclusion of ceng beginning april 1, 2014.
(d)   reflects the unfavorable impacts of increased nuclear outages in 2015.
(e)   reflects an increase of labor, other benefits, contracting and materials costs primarily due to the inclusion of ceng on a fully consolidated basis in 2015. also includes cost of sales of our other business activities that are not allocated to a region.
depreciation and amortization year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015. depreciation and amortization expense increased primarily due to accelerated depreciation and increased nuclear decommissioning amortization related to the previous decision to early retire the clinton and quad cities nuclear facilities in 2016, and increased depreciation expense due to ongoing capital expenditures.
excluding the impacts of future capital additions, generation expects total annual depreciation for clinton and quad cities in 2017 and future years will be consistent with the annual depreciation recognized prior to the june 2016 early retirement decision, with the impact on prospective depreciation of the reduction in the plants’ book values as a result of the accelerated depreciation recorded from june 2, 2016 to december 6, 2016, being essentially offset by the impact of shortening clinton’s expected economic useful life from the original 2046 date to the now expected 2027 date.
year ended december 31, 2015 compared to year ended december 31, 2014. the increase in depreciation and amortization expense was primarily due to the inclusion of ceng’s results on a fully consolidated basis in 2015, increased nuclear decommissioning amortization, and an increase in ongoing capital expenditures.
equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015. the year-over-year change in equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates is primarily the result of increased losses on equity investments.
year ended december 31, 2015 compared to year ended december 31, 2014. the year-over-year change in equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates is primarily the result of the consolidation of ceng’s results of operations beginning april 1, 2014, which were previously accounted for under the equity method of accounting.
gain (loss) on sales of assets year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015. the decrease in gain (loss) on sales of assets is primarily related to the one-time recognition for a loss on sale of assets pursuant to generation’s strategic decision in the fourth quarter of 2016 to narrow the scope and scale of its growth and development activities, partially offset by a gain associated with generation’s sale of the retired new boston generating site in 2016.
year ended december 31, 2015 compared to year ended december 31, 2014. the decrease in gain (loss) on sales of assets is primarily related to the absence of $411 million of gains recorded on the sale of generation’s ownership interests in safe harbor water power corporation, fore river and west valley generating stations in 2014. refer to note 4—mergers, acquisitions, and dispositions in the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
gain on consolidation and acquisition of businesses year ended december 31, 2015 compared to year ended december 31, 2014. the decrease in gain on consolidation and acquisition of businesses reflects the absence of a $261 million gain upon consolidation of ceng resulting from the difference in fair value of ceng’s net assets as of april 1, 2014 and the equity method investment previously recorded on generation’s and exelon’s books and the settlement of pre-existing transactions between generation and ceng recorded in 2014, and the absence of a $28 million bargain-purchase gain related to the integrys acquisition recorded in 2014.
interest expense the changes in interest expense for 2016 compared to 2015 and 2015 compared to 2014 consisted of the following:
other, net year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015. the increase in other, net primarily reflects the net increase in realized and unrealized gains related to the ndt fund investments of generation’s non-regulatory agreement units as described in the table below. other, net also reflects $80 million and $(22) million for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015,
respectively, related to the contractual elimination of income tax expense associated with the ndt fund investments of the regulatory agreement units. refer to note 16—asset retirement obligations of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding ndt fund investments.
year ended december 31, 2015 compared to year ended december 31, 2014. the decrease in other, net primarily reflects the net decrease in realized and unrealized gains related to the ndt fund investments of generation’s non-regulatory agreement units as described in the table below. other, net also reflects $(22) million and $67 million for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, related to the contractual elimination of income tax expense associated with the ndt fund investments of the regulatory agreement units. refer to note 16—asset retirement obligations of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding ndt fund investments.
the following table provides unrealized and realized gains (losses) on the ndt fund investments of the non-regulatory agreement units recognized in other, net for 2016, 2015 and 2014:
net unrealized gains (losses) on decommissioning trust funds          $194         $(197   )          $134
net realized gains on sale of decommissioning trust funds               35            66                77
generation’s effective income tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 were 33.2%, 27.1% and 16.9%, respectively. see note 15—income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the components of the effective income tax rates.
gain on sales of assets                             7                     1                     6                     2                    (1   )
income before income taxes                        679                   706                   (27   )               676                    30
(a)                   comed evaluates its operating performance using the measure of revenue net of purchased power expense. comed believes that revenue net of purchased power expense is a useful measurement because it provides information that can be used to evaluate its operational performance. in general, comed only earns margin based on the delivery and transmission of electricity. comed has included its discussion of revenue net of purchased power expense below as a complement to the financial information provided in accordance with gaap. however, revenue net of purchased power expense is not a presentation defined under gaap and may not be comparable to other companies’ presentations or deemed more useful than the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report.
(b)   for regulatory recovery mechanisms, including comed’s electric distribution and transmission formula rates, and riders, revenues increase and decrease i) as fully recoverable costs fluctuate (with no impact on net earnings), and ii) pursuant to changes in rate base, capital structure and roe (which impact net earnings).
net income year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015. comed’s net income for the year ended december 31, 2016 was lower than the same period in 2015 primarily due to the recognition of the penalty and the after-tax interest related to the tax court’s decision on exelon’s like-kind exchange tax position, partially offset by increased electric distribution and transmission formula rate earnings (reflecting the impacts of increased capital investment, partially offset by lower allowed electric distribution roe) and favorable weather.
year ended december 31, 2015 compared to year ended december 31, 2014. comed’s net income for the year ended december 31, 2015 was higher than the same period in 2014 primarily due to increased electric distribution and transmission formula rate earnings (reflecting the impacts of increased capital investment, partially offset by lower allowed electric distribution roe), partially offset by unfavorable weather and volume.
revenues net of purchased power expense there are certain drivers of operating revenues that are fully offset by their impact on purchased power expense, such as commodity procurement costs and participation in customer choice programs. comed is permitted to recover electricity procurement costs from retail customers without mark-up. therefore, fluctuations in electricity procurement costs have no impact on revenue net of purchased power expense. see note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on comed’s electricity procurement process.
all comed customers have the choice to purchase electricity from a competitive electric generation supplier. customer choice programs do not impact comed’s volume of deliveries, but do affect comed’s operating revenues related to supplied energy, which is fully offset in purchased power expense. therefore, customer choice programs have no impact on revenue net of purchased power expense.
retail deliveries purchased from competitive electric generation suppliers (as a percentage of kwh sales) for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, consisted of the following:
for the years ended december 31,
retail customers purchasing electric generation from competitive electric generation suppliers at december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 consisted of the following:
number of                    % of total          number of                    % of total          number of                    % of total customers                    retail              customers                    retail              customers                    retail customers                                        customers                                        customers
under an illinois law allowing municipalities to arrange the purchase of electricity for their participating residents, the city of chicago previously participated in comed’s customer choice program and arranged the purchase of electricity from constellation (formerly integrys), for those participating residents. in september 2015, the city of chicago discontinued its participation in the customer choice program and many of those participating residents resumed their purchase of electricity from comed. comed’s operating revenues has increased as a result of the city of chicago switching, but that increase is fully offset in purchased power expense.
the changes in comed’s revenue net of purchased power expense for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, and for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the same period in 2014, consisted of the following:
regulatory required programs                             (31   )                (1   )
pricing and customer mix                                  14                    (4   )
weather. the demand for electricity is affected by weather conditions. very warm weather in summer months and very cold weather in other months are referred to as “favorable weather conditions” because these weather conditions result in increased customer usage. conversely, mild weather reduces demand. for the year ended december 31, 2016, favorable weather conditions increased operating revenues net of purchased power expense when compared to the prior years. for the year ended december 31, 2015, unfavorable weather conditions reduced operating revenues net of purchased power expense when compared to the prior years.
heating and cooling degree days are quantitative indices that reflect the demand for energy needed to heat or cool a home or business. normal weather is determined based on historical average heating and cooling degree days for a 30-year period in comed’s service territory with cooling degree days generally having a more significant impact to comed, particularly during the summer months. the changes in heating and cooling degree days in comed’s service territory for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 consisted of the following:
for the years ended                                                     % change december 31, heating and cooling degree-days              2016         2015                normal          2016 vs. 2015              2016 vs. normal heating degree-days                         5,715                     6,091         6,341              (6.2   )%                    (9.9   )%
for the years ended                                                     % change december 31, heating and cooling degree-days              2015         2014                normal          2015 vs. 2014              2015 vs. normal heating degree-days                         6,091                     7,027         6,341             (13.3   )%                    (3.9   )%
volume. revenue net of purchased power expense remained relatively consistent as a result of delivery volume, exclusive of the effects of weather, for the year ended december 31, 2016, reflecting a consistent average usage per residential customer as compared to the same period in 2015. for the year ended december 31, 2015, revenue net of purchased power expense decreased as a result of lower delivery volume, exclusive of the effects of weather, reflecting decreased average usage per residential customer and the impacts of energy efficiency programs, as compared to the same period in 2014.
electric distribution revenue. eima provides for a performance-based formula rate, which requires an annual reconciliation of the revenue requirement in effect to the actual costs that the icc determines are prudently and reasonably incurred in a given year. under eima, electric distribution revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs, investments being recovered and allowed roe. comed’s allowed roe is the annual average rate on 30-year treasury notes plus 580 basis points, subject to a collar of plus or minus 50 basis points. therefore, the collar limits favorable and unfavorable impacts of weather and load on revenue. in addition, comed’s allowed roe is subject to reduction if comed does not deliver the reliability and customer service benefits to which it has committed over the ten-year life of the investment program. during the year ended december 31, 2016, electric distribution revenue increased $69 million, primarily due to increased capital investment and depreciation expense, partially offset by lower allowed roe due to a decrease in treasury rates. during the year ended december 31, 2015, electric distribution revenue increased $180 million, primarily due to higher operating and maintenance expense and increased capital investment, partially offset by lower allowed roe due to decreased treasury rates. see operating and maintenance expense below and note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
transmission revenue. under a ferc-approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs, investments being recovered and the highest daily peak load, which is updated annually in january based on the prior calendar year. generally, increases/decreases in the highest daily peak load will result in higher/lower transmission revenue. for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, comed recorded increased transmission revenue due to increased capital investment, higher depreciation expense and increased highest daily peak load. see operating and maintenance expense below and note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
regulatory required programs. this represents the change in operating revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory programs such as comed’s energy efficiency and demand response and purchased power administrative costs. the riders are designed to provide full and current cost recovery. an equal and offsetting amount has been included in operating and maintenance expense. see operating and maintenance expense discussion below for additional information on included programs.
uncollectible accounts recovery, net. uncollectible accounts recovery, net, represents recoveries under comed’s uncollectible accounts tariff. see operating and maintenance expense discussion below for additional information on this tariff.
pricing and customer mix. for the year ended december 31, 2016, the increase in revenue net of purchased power as a result of pricing and customer mix is primarily attributable to higher overall effective rates due to decreased usage across all major customer classes and change in customer mix. for the year ended december 31, 2015, the decrease in revenue net of purchased power as a result of pricing and customer mix is primarily attributable to lower overall effective rates due to increased usage across all major customer classes and change in customer mix.
revenue subject to refund. comed records revenue subject to refund based upon its best estimate of customer collections that may be required to be refunded. revenue net of purchase power expense was higher for the year ended december 31, 2015, due to the one-time revenue refund recorded in 2014 associated with the 2007 rate case.
other. other revenue, which can vary period to period, includes rental revenue, revenue related to late payment charges, assistance provided to other utilities through mutual assistance programs, recoveries of environmental costs associated with mgp sites, and recoveries of energy procurement costs.
operating and maintenance expense—regulatory required programs (a)             183                   214            (31      )             214                   215                (1   )
(a)   operating and maintenance expense for regulatory required programs are costs for various legislative and/or regulatory programs that are recoverable from customers on a full and current basis through approved regulated rates. an equal and offsetting amount has been reflected in operating revenues.
the changes in operating and maintenance expense for year ended december 31, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015, and for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to the same period in 2014, consisted of the following:
baseline labor, other benefits, contracting and materials                          $12                   $31
pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense (b)               (24   )                19
storm-related costs                                                        (9   )                27
uncollectible accounts expense—provision                                    5                    (7   )
bsc costs (d)                                                              29                    30
regulatory required programs energy efficiency and demand response programs                            (31   )                (1   )
(a)   primarily reflects increased contracting costs related to preventative maintenance and other projects for the year ended december 31, 2015.
(b)   primarily reflects the favorable impact of higher assumed pension and opeb discount rates for the year ended december 31, 2016 and the unfavorable impact of lower assumed pension and opeb discount rates for the year ended december 31, 2015.
(c)                   comed is allowed to recover from or refund to customers the difference between the utility’s annual uncollectible accounts expense and the amounts collected in rates annually through a rider mechanism. comed recorded a net decrease and increase in 2016 and 2015, respectively, in operating and maintenance expense related to uncollectible accounts due to the timing of regulatory cost recovery. an equal and offsetting amount has been recognized in operating revenues for the periods presented.
(d)   primarily reflects increased information technology support services from bsc during 2016 and 2015.
depreciation and amortization expense the increases in depreciation and amortization expense for 2016 compared to 2015, and 2015 compared to 2014, consisted of the following:
regulatory asset amortization (b)                (5   )               (28   )
(a)   primarily reflects ongoing capital expenditures for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015.
(b)   primarily reflects a decrease in mgp regulatory asset amortization for the year ended december 31, 2015,
taxes other than income taxes other than income, which can vary year to year, include municipal and state utility taxes, real estate taxes, and payroll taxes. taxes other than income taxes remained relatively consistent for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, and for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the same period in 2014.
gain on sale of assets gain on sale of assets increased primarily due to the sale of land during the year ended december 31, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015. gain on sale of assets remained relatively consistent for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to the same period in 2014.
interest expense, net the increases in interest expense, net, for the year ended 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, and for the year ended 2015 compared to the same period in 2014, consisted of the following:
interest expense related to uncertain tax positions                $109                    $2
(a)   primarily reflects the recognition of after-tax interest related to the tax court’s decision on exelon’s like-kind exchange tax position in the third quarter of 2016.
see note 15—income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(b)   primarily reflects an increase in interest expense due to the issuance of first mortgage bonds for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015. see note 14—debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on comed’s debt obligations.
other, net the increase (decrease) in other, net, for the year ended 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, and for the year ended 2015 compared to the same period in 2014, consisted of the following:
afudc equity                           9                                   2
(a)   primarily reflects the recognition of the penalty related to the tax court’s decision on exelon’s like-kind exchange tax position in the third quarter of 2016. see note 14—debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
effective income tax rate comed’s effective income tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, were 44.3%, 39.7% and 39.6%, respectively. the increase in the effective income tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 is primarily due to the recognition of a non-deductible penalty related to the tax court’s decision on exelon’s like-kind exchange tax position in the third quarter of 2016. see note 15—income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the components of the effective income tax rates.
comed electric operating statistics and revenue detail retail deliveries to customers (in gwhs)      2016             2015                       %           weather-        2014             %                  weather-
change             normal                         change             normal
2015             change                         2014               change retail deliveries (a)
public authorities &amp; electric railroads            1,298            1,309          (0.8   )%          (0.8   )%            1,358          (3.6   )%          (2.6   )%
as of december 31, number of electric customers                  2016                    2015                    2014
public authorities &amp; electric railroads               4,750                   4,820                   4,815
change                               change
public authorities &amp; electric railroads                45                42           7.1   %                 46          (8.7   )%
(a)   reflects delivery revenue and volume from customers purchasing electricity directly from comed and customers purchasing electricity from a competitive electric generation supplier, as all customers are assessed delivery charges. for customers purchasing electricity from comed, revenue also reflects the cost of energy and transmission.
(b)   other revenue primarily includes transmission revenue from pjm. other revenue also includes rental revenue, revenue related to late payment charges, revenue from other utilities for mutual assistance programs and recoveries of remediation costs associated with mgp sites.
(c)   includes operating revenues from affiliates totaling $15 million, $4 million, and $4 million for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively.
gain on sales of assets                                          —                     2                    (2   )                 —                     2
income before income taxes                                     587                   521                    66                   466                    55
(a)                                                     peco evaluates its operating performance using the measures of revenue net of purchased power expense for electric sales and revenue net of fuel expense for gas sales. peco believes revenue net of purchased power expense and revenue net of fuel expense are useful measurements of its performance because they provide information that can be used to
evaluate its net revenue from operations. peco has included the analysis below as a complement to the financial information provided in accordance with gaap. however, revenue net of purchased power expense and revenue net of fuel expense figures are not a presentation defined under gaap and may not be comparable to other companies’ presentations or more useful than the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report.
net income attributable to common shareholder year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015. peco’s net income attributable to common shareholder for the year ended december 31, 2016 was higher than the same period in 2015, primarily due to an increase in revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense as a result of increased electric distribution revenue pursuant to the 2015 papuc authorized electric distribution rate increase effective january 1, 2016.
year ended december 31, 2015 compared to year ended december 31, 2014. peco’s net income attributable to common shareholder for the year ended december 31, 2015 was higher than the same period in 2014, primarily due to a decrease in operating and maintenance expense due to a decrease in storm costs.
revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense electric and natural gas revenue and purchased power and fuel expense are affected by fluctuations in commodity procurement costs. peco’s electric supply and natural gas cost rates charged to customers are subject to adjustments as specified in the papuc-approved tariffs that are designed to recover or refund the difference between the actual cost of electric supply and natural gas and the amount included in rates in accordance with peco’s gsa and pgc, respectively. therefore, fluctuations in electric supply and natural gas procurement costs have no impact on electric and natural gas revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense.
electric and natural gas revenue and purchased power and fuel expense are also affected by fluctuations in participation in the customer choice program. all peco customers have the choice to purchase electricity and natural gas from competitive electric generation and natural gas suppliers, respectively. the customer’s choice of suppliers does not impact the volume of deliveries, but affects revenue collected from customers related to supplied energy and natural gas service. customer choice program activity has no impact on electric and natural gas revenue net of purchase power and fuel expense.
retail deliveries purchased from competitive electric generation and natural gas suppliers (as a percentage of kwh and mmcf sales, respectively) for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014 consisted of the following:
for the years ended december 31,
retail customers purchasing electric generation and natural gas from competitive electric generation and natural gas suppliers at december 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014 consisted of the following:
number of                  % of total          number of                  % of total          number of                  % of total customers                  retail              customers                  retail              customers                  retail customers                                      customers                                      customers electric             587,200             36              %          563,400             35              %          546,900             34              %
the changes in peco’s operating revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense for the years ended december 31, 2016 and december 31, 2015 compared to the same periods in 2015 and 2014, respectively, consisted of the following:
regulatory required programs           (46   )            —                 (46   )            (6   )            —                  (6   )
weather. the demand for electricity and natural gas is affected by weather conditions. with respect to the electric business, very warm weather in summer months and, with respect to the electric and natural gas businesses, very cold weather in winter months are referred to as “favorable weather conditions” because these weather conditions result in increased deliveries of electricity and natural gas. conversely, mild weather reduces demand. operating revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense for the year ended december 31, 2016 was reduced by the impact of unfavorable weather conditions in peco’s service territory.
operating revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense for the year ended december 31, 2015, was higher primarily due to the impact of favorable 2015 summer and first quarter winter weather conditions, partially offset by the impact of unfavorable fourth quarter 2015 winter weather conditions in peco’s service territory.
heating and cooling degree days are quantitative indices that reflect the demand for energy needed to heat or cool a home or business. normal weather is determined based on historical average heating and cooling degree days for a 30-year period in peco’s service territory. the changes in heating and cooling degree days in peco’s service territory for the years ended december 31, 2016 and december 31, 2015 compared to the same periods in 2015 and 2014, respectively, and normal weather consisted of the following:
for the years ended                                                                       % change december 31, heating and cooling degree-days   2016                    2015                normal          2016 vs. 2015              2016 vs. normal heating degree-days                         4,041                     4,245         4,613              (4.8   )%                   (12.4   )%
for the years ended                                                                       % change december 31, heating and cooling degree-days   2015                    2014                normal          2015 vs. 2014              2015 vs. normal heating degree-days                         4,245                     4,749         4,613             (10.6   )%                    (8.0   )%
volume. the increase in operating revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense related to delivery volume, exclusive of the effects of weather, for the year ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, primarily reflects the impact of moderate economic and customer growth partially offset by energy efficiency initiatives on customer usages for gas and residential and small commercial and industrial electric classes. additionally, the increase represents a shift in the volume profile across classes from large commercial and industrial classes to residential and small commercial and industrial classes for electric.
pricing. the increase in electric operating revenues net of purchased power expense as a result of pricing for the year ended december 31, 2016 reflects an increase in electric distribution rates charged to customers. the increase in electric distribution rates was effective january 1, 2016 in accordance with the 2015 papuc approved electric distribution rate case settlement. see note 3—regulatory matters for further information.
the increase in electric operating revenues net of purchased power expense as a result of pricing for the year ended december 31, 2015 is primarily attributable to increased monthly customer demand in the commercial and industrial classes. the increase in natural gas operating revenues net of fuel expense as a result of pricing for the year ended december 31, 2015, is primarily attributable to higher overall effective rates due to decreased retail gas usage.
regulatory required programs. this represents the change in operating revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory programs such as smart meter, energy efficiency and the gsa. the riders are designed to provide full and current cost recovery as well as a return. the costs of these programs are included in operating and maintenance expense, depreciation and amortization expense and income taxes. refer to the operating and maintenance expense discussion below for additional information on included programs.
other. other revenue, which can vary period to period, primarily includes wholesale transmission revenue, rental revenue, revenue related to late payment charges and assistance provided to other utilities through mutual assistance programs.
operating and maintenance expense—regulatory required programs (a)            71                 109              $(38   )           109                 105   $4
(a)   operating and maintenance expenses for regulatory required programs are costs for various legislative and/or regulatory programs that are recoverable from customers on a full and current basis through approved regulated rates. an equal and offsetting amount has been reflected in operating revenues.
the changes in operating and maintenance expense for 2016 compared to 2015 and 2015 compared to 2014 consisted of the following:
baseline labor, other benefits, contracting and materials                       $22                    $1
storm-related costs                                                     (9   )               (78   )(b)
pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense                 (4   )                 3
phi merger integration costs                                             6                     2
bsc costs (a)                                                           36                     9
regulatory required programs smart meter                                                            (28   )                (3   )
energy efficiency                                                       (7   )                 8
(a)   primarily reflects increased information technology support services from bsc during 2016.
(b)   reflects a reduction of $67 million in incremental storm costs, primarily as a result of the february 5, 2014 ice storm.
depreciation and amortization expense the changes in depreciation and amortization expense for 2016 compared to 2015 and 2015 compared to 2014, consisted of the following:
regulatory asset amortization                                     5                11
taxes other than income taxes other than income, which can vary year to year, include municipal and state utility taxes, real estate taxes, and payroll taxes. taxes other than income increased for the year ended december 31, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015 primarily due to an increase in gross receipts tax driven by increases in electric revenue, which was impacted primarily by the new distribution rates that went into effect in january 2016 .
taxes other than income remained relatively consistent for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to the same period in 2014.
interest expense, net the increase in interest expense, net for the year ended december 31, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015, primarily reflects an increase in interest expense due to the issuance of first and refunding mortgage bonds in october 2015.
interest expense, net remained relatively consistent for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to the same period in 2014.
other, net other, net remained relatively consistent for the year ended december 31, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015, and the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to the same period in 2014.
effective income tax rate peco’s effective income tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 were 25.4%, 27.4% and 24.5%, respectively. see note 15—income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the change in effective income tax rates.
peco electric operating statistics and revenue detail retail deliveries to customers (in gwhs)      2016             2015                       %           weather-        2014                       %           weather-
change             normal                              change             normal
2015             change                                2014             change retail deliveries (a)
public authorities &amp; electric railroads              890              881           1.0   %            1.0   %               937          (6.0   )%          (6.0   )%
as of december 31, number of electric customers                  2016                    2015                    2014
public authorities &amp; electric railroads               9,823                   9,805                   9,734
change                               change
public authorities &amp; electric railroads                32                31           3.2   %                 32          (3.1   )%
(a)   reflects delivery volumes and revenue from customers purchasing electricity directly from peco and customers purchasing electricity from a competitive electric generation supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges. for customers purchasing electricity from peco, revenue also reflects the cost of energy and transmission.
(c)   total electric revenue includes operating revenues from affiliates totaling $7 million, $1 million and $1 million for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively.
peco gas operating statistics and revenue detail deliveries to customers (in mmcf)   2016             2015             %                     weather-        2014             %                     weather-
change                  normal                         change                  normal
2015                    change                         2014                    change retail deliveries (a)
as of december 31, number of gas customers       2016                  2015                  2014
change                            change
(a)   reflects delivery volumes and revenue from customers purchasing natural gas directly from peco and customers purchasing natural gas from a competitive natural gas supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges. for customers purchasing natural gas from peco, revenue also reflects the cost of natural gas.
(b)   total natural gas revenues includes operating revenues from affiliates totaling $1 million for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014.
gain on sales of assets                                          —                     1                    (1   )                 —                     1
income before income taxes                                     468                   477                    (9   )               351                   126
(a)                 bge evaluates its operating performance using the measures of revenue net of purchased power expense for electric sales and revenue net of fuel expense for gas sales. bge believes revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense are useful measurements of its performance because they provide information that can be used to evaluate its net revenue from operations. bge has included the analysis below as a complement to the financial information provided in accordance with gaap. however, revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense figures are not a presentation defined under gaap and may not be comparable to other companies’ presentations or more useful than the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report.
net income attributable to common shareholder year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015. net income attributable to common shareholder was higher primarily due to lower income tax expense and decreased preference stock dividends partially offset by slightly lower operating income. the lower income tax expense was driven by a one-time adjustment associated with transmission-related regulatory assets. the slight decrease in operating income was driven by an increase in operating and maintenance expense as a result of cost disallowances which reduced certain regulatory assets and other long-lived assets stemming from the distribution rate orders issued by the mdpsc in june 2016 and july 2016 and increased storm costs. this increase in operating and maintenance expense was offset by an increase in revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense, primarily as a result of an increase in transmission formula rate revenues and higher electric and natural gas revenues as a result of the distribution rate orders issued by the mdpsc in june 2016 and july 2016.
year ended december 31, 2015 compared to year ended december 31, 2014. net income attributable to common shareholder was higher primarily due to an increase in revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense as a result of the december 2014 electric and natural gas distribution rate order issued by the mdpsc, an increase in transmission formula rate revenues and a reduction in operating and maintenance expense as a result of a decrease in bad debt expense and storm costs in the bge service territory.
revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense there are certain drivers to operating revenues that are offset by their impact on purchased power and fuel expense, such as commodity procurement costs and programs allowing customers to select a competitive electric or natural gas supplier. operating revenues and purchased power and fuel expense are affected by fluctuations in commodity procurement costs. bge’s electric and natural gas rates charged to customers are subject to periodic adjustments that are designed to recover or refund the difference between the actual cost of purchased electric power and purchased natural gas and the amount included in rates in accordance with the mdpsc’s market-based sos and gas commodity programs, respectively.
electric and natural gas revenue and purchased power and fuel expense are also affected by fluctuations in the number of customers electing to use a competitive electric generation or natural gas supplier. all bge customers have the choice to purchase electricity and natural gas from competitive electric generation and natural gas suppliers, respectively. this customers’ choice of suppliers does not impact the volume of deliveries, but does affect revenue collected from customers related to supplied energy and natural gas service.
retail deliveries purchased from competitive electric generation and natural gas suppliers (as a percentage of kwh and mmcf sales, respectively) at december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 consisted of the following:
for the years ended december 31,
the number of retail customers purchasing electric generation and natural gas from competitive electric generation and natural gas suppliers at december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 consisted of the following:
number of                  % of total retail         number of                  % of total retail         number of                  % of total retail customers                  customers                 customers                  customers                 customers                  customers electric             337,000             27                    %          343,000             27                    %          364,000             29                    %
the changes in bge’s operating revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 and for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the same period in 2014, respectively, consisted of the following:
regulatory required programs               15                2                17                4               2                 6
distribution rate increase. the increase in distribution revenues for the year ended december 31, 2016 was primarily due to the impact of the new electric and natural gas distribution rates charged to customers that became effective in june 2016 in accordance with the mdpsc approved electric and natural gas distribution rate case orders in june 2016 and july 2016. the increase in distribution revenue for the year ended december 31, 2015 was primarily due to the impact of the new electric and natural gas distribution rates charged to customers that became effective in december 2014 in accordance with the mdpsc approved electric and natural gas distribution rate case order. see note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
revenue decoupling. the demand for electricity and natural gas is affected by weather and usage conditions. the mdpsc allows bge to record a monthly adjustment to its electric and natural gas distribution revenue from all residential customers, commercial electric customers, the majority of large industrial electric customers, and all firm service natural gas customers to eliminate the effect of abnormal weather and usage patterns per customer on bge’s electric and natural gas distribution volumes, thereby recovering a specified dollar amount of distribution revenue per customer, by customer class, regardless of changes in actual consumption levels. this allows bge to recognize revenue at mdpsc-approved levels per customer, regardless of what bge’s actual distribution volumes were for a billing period. therefore, while this revenue is affected by customer growth (i.e., increase in the number of customers), it will not be affected by actual weather or usage conditions (i.e., changes in consumption per customer). bge bills or credits customers in subsequent months for the difference between approved revenue levels under revenue decoupling and actual customer billings.
heating and cooling degree days are quantitative indices that reflect the demand for energy needed to heat or cool a home or business. normal weather is determined based on historical average heating and cooling degree days for a 30-year period in bge’s service territory. the changes in heating and cooling degree days in bge’s service territory for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 and for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the same period in 2014, respectively, and normal weather consisted of the following:
for the year ended   normal                  % change december 31, heating and cooling degree-days   2016                    2015                        2016 vs. 2015         2016 vs. normal heating degree-days                         4,427                     4,666          4,684                   (5.1        )%            (5.5   )%
for the year ended   normal                  % change december 31, heating and cooling degree-days   2015                    2014                        2015 vs. 2014          2015 vs. normal heating degree-days                         4,666                     5,091          4,663                    (8.3        )%         0.1   %
regulatory required programs. this represents the change in revenue collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for the energy efficiency and demand response programs. the riders are designed to provide full recovery, as well as a return in certain instances. the costs of these programs are included in operating and maintenance expense, depreciation and amortization expense and taxes other than income in bge’s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income.
transmission revenue. under a ferc approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs, investments being recovered and other billing determinants. during the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, the increase in transmission revenue was primarily due to increases in rates to reflect capital investment and operating and maintenance expense recoveries. see operating and maintenance expense below and note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
other, net. other net revenue, which can vary from period to period, includes commodity electric and gas revenue and other miscellaneous revenue such as service application and late payment fees; partially offset by commodity electric and gas purchased fuel and energy.
operating and maintenance expense the changes in operating and maintenance expense for 2016 compared to 2015 and 2015 compared to 2014 consisted of the following:
baseline impairment on long-lived assets and losses on regulatory assets               $52       $—
labor, other benefits, contracting and materials                                7       12
storm-related costs                                                            18                   (21   )
bsc costs (c)                                                                  11       13
conduit lease settlement                                                      (15   )                 —
(a)   see note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(b)   uncollectible accounts expense decreased primarily due to improved customer behavior and milder weather for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015.
(c)   primarily reflects increased information technology support services and other services from bsc for the year ended december 31, 2016 and increased information technology support services for the year ended 2015.
on september 23, 2015, the baltimore city board of estimates approved an increase in annual rental fees for access to the baltimore city underground conduit system effective november 1, 2015, from $12 million to $42 million, subject to an annual increase thereafter based on the consumer price index. bge subsequently entered into litigation with the city regarding the amount of and basis for establishing the conduit fee. on november 30, 2016, the baltimore city board of estimates approved a settlement agreement entered into between bge and the city to resolve the disputes and pending litigation related to bge’s use of and payment for the underground conduit system. as a result of the settlement, the parties have entered into a six-year lease that reduces the annual expense to $25 million in the first three years and caps the annual expense in the last three years to not more than $29 million. bge recorded a credit to operating and maintenance expense in the fourth quarter of
approximately $28 million for the reversal of the previously higher fees accrued in the current year as well as the settlement of prior year disputed fee true-up amounts. see note 24—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the financial impacts of the newly agreed upon six-year lease.
depreciation and amortization expense the changes in depreciation and amortization expense for 2016 compared to 2015 and 2015 compared to 2014 consisted of the following:
regulatory asset amortization (b)                                           47                (6   )
(a)   depreciation expense increased due to ongoing capital expenditures.
(b)                regulatory asset amortization increased for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 primarily due to an increase in regulatory asset amortization related to energy efficiency programs and the initiation of cost recovery of the ami programs under the final electric and natural gas distribution rate case order issued by the mdpsc in june 2016. see note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
taxes other than income the change in taxes other than income for 2016 compared to 2015 and 2015 compared to 2014 consisted of the following:
interest expense, net the decrease in interest expense, net for 2016 compared to 2015 and 2015 compared to 2014 consisted of the following:
interest expense related to capitalization of interest / afudc                        3                (2       )
interest expense related to uncertain tax positions                                   —                (1       )
effective income tax rate bge’s effective income tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 were 37.2%, 39.6% and 39.9%, respectively. see note 15—income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the components of the effective income tax rates.
bge electric operating statistics and revenue detail retail deliveries to customers (in gwhs)      2016             2015             % change               weather-      2014                    % change        weather-
change                                                change retail deliveries (a)
public authorities &amp; electric railroads              283              294              (3.7   )%          n.m.              311              (5.5   )%          n.m.
as of december 31, number of electric customers                  2016                    2015                    2014
public authorities &amp; electric railroads                 280                     285                     290
electric revenue                              2016              2015                     % change        2014                     % change
public authorities &amp; electric railroads                35                32               9.4   %                 32                 —   %
(a)   reflects delivery revenue and volumes from customers purchasing electricity directly from bge and customers purchasing electricity from a competitive electric generation supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges. for customers purchasing electricity from bge, revenue also reflects the cost of energy and transmission.
(b)   includes operating revenues from affiliates totaling $7 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 and less than $1 million in the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
bge natural gas operating statistics and revenue detail deliveries to customers (in mmcf)   2016              2015              % change               weather-      2014              % change               weather-
change                                                 change retail deliveries (a)
as of december 31, number of gas customers       2016                  2015                  2014
natural gas revenue              2016          2015          % change               2014          % change
(a)   reflects delivery volumes and revenue from customers purchasing natural gas directly from bge and customers purchasing natural gas from a competitive natural gas supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges. the cost of natural gas is charged to customers purchasing natural gas from bge.
(b)   transportation and other gas revenue includes off-system revenue of 5,977 mmcfs ($23 million), 6,238 mmcfs ($35 million), and 9,242 mmcfs ($72 million) for the years ended 2016,
(c)   includes operating revenues from affiliates totaling $14 million, $14 million, and $25 million for the years ended 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
results of operations—phi phi’s results of operations include the results of its three reportable segments, pepco, dpl and ace for all periods presented below. for “predecessor” reporting periods, phi’s results of operations also include the results of pes and pci. see note 26—segment information of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding phi’s reportable segments. all material intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. a separate specific discussion of the results of operations for pepco, dpl and ace is presented elsewhere in this report.
as a result of the phi merger, the following consolidated financial results present two separate reporting periods for 2016. the “predecessor” reporting periods represent phi’s results of operations for the period of january 1, 2016 to march 23, 2016 and the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014. the “successor” reporting period represents phi’s results of operations for the period of march 24, 2016 to december 31, 2016. all amounts presented below are before the impact of income taxes, except as noted.
successor                                                                       predecessor march 24 to              january 1 to                        for the years ended december 31, december 31,                 march 23,
(loss) gain on sales of assets                                                               (1   )                     —                      46                               —
(loss) income before income taxes                                                           (58   )                    36                     481                             380
(a)                phi evaluates its operating performance using the measure of revenue net of purchased power expense for electric sales. phi believes revenue net of purchased power expense is a useful measurement because it provides information that can be used to evaluate its operational performance. phi has included the analysis below as a complement to the financial information provided in accordance with gaap. however, revenue net of purchased power expense is not a presentation defined under gaap and may not be comparable to other companies’ presentations or deemed more useful than the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report.
phi’s net loss attributable to membership interest for the successor period of march 24, 2016 to december 31, 2016 was $61 million. there were no significant changes in the underlying trends affecting phi’s results of operations during the successor period march 24, 2016 to december 31,
2016 except for the pre-tax recording of $392 million of non-recurring merger-related costs including merger integration and merger commitments within operating and maintenance expense. for more information on 2016 versus 2015 results please refer to results of operations for pepco, dpl and ace.
phi’s effective income tax rate for the period of march 24, 2016 to december 31, 2016 was (5.2)%. see note 15—income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the components of the effective income tax rates.
phi’s net income attributable to membership interest for the predecessor period of january 1, 2016 to march 23, 2016 was $19 million. there were no significant changes in the underlying trends affecting phi’s results of operations during the predecessor period of january 1, 2016 to march 23, 2016 except for the pre-tax recording of $29 million of non-recurring merger-related costs within operating and maintenance expense and $18 million of preferred stock derivative expense within other, net.
phi’s effective income tax rate for the period of january 1, 2016 to march 23, 2016 was 47.2%. see note 15—income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the components of the effective income tax rates.
phi’s net income attributable to common shareholders was $327 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 as compared to $242 million for the year ended december 31, 2014.
revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense operating revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense, which is a non-gaap measure discussed above, increased by $111 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2014. the increase is attributable to the following factors:
2014 and in maryland effective july 2014 and customer growth, $34 million in required regulatory programs primarily due to empower maryland rate increases effective february 2015 and 2014, and $10 million higher transmission revenue due to higher rates effective june 1, 2015 and june 1, 2014.
•                  increase of $26 million at dpl primarily related to electric distribution revenue increases totaling $7 million due to higher weather-related sales and customer growth, $17 million in required regulatory programs primarily due to empower maryland rate increases effective february 2015 and 2014, and $7 million higher transmission revenue due to higher rates effective june 1, 2015 and june 1, 2014, partially offset by lower natural gas distribution revenues totaling $5 million due to milder weather.
•   increase of $41 million at ace primarily related to electric distribution revenue increases totaling $26 million due to an electric distribution rate increase effective september 2014 and higher weather-related sales and $15 million in required regulatory programs.
•   decrease of $47 million at pes primarily related to lower energy efficiency construction activity in 2015.
operating and maintenance expense operating and maintenance expense decreased by $27 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2014. the decrease is attributable to the following factors:
•   increase of $107 million at pepco, dpl and ace primarily due to higher labor, contracting and material costs related to the implementation of a new customer information system in 2015, increased bad debt expense, higher tree-trimming and system maintenance costs, higher customer service costs, and higher environmental remediation costs.
•   decrease of $118 million at pes primarily due to 2014 impairment losses associated with its combined heat and power thermal generating facilities and operations in atlantic city.
•   decrease of $15 million at corporate due primarily to lower merger-related transaction and integration costs.
depreciation, amortization and accretion expense depreciation, amortization and accretion expense increased by $98 million primarily due to an increase of $48 million associated with empower maryland surcharge rate increases effective february 2015 and february 2014, higher depreciation of $23 million due to on-going capital expenditures at pepco, dpl, and ace, an increase of $15 million in the amortization of stranded costs, primarily as the result of higher revenue due to a rate increase effective october 2014 for the ace market transition tax and an increase of $10 million in amortization of software, primarily related to the implementation of a new customer information system.
taxes other than income taxes other than income increased by $18 million primarily due to higher property taxes related to an increase in assets.
(loss) gain on sale of assets
(loss) gain on sale of assets increased by $46 million due to 2015 gains recorded at pepco associated with the sale of unimproved land, held as non-utility property.
other, net other, net increased by $44 million due to $33 million of interest income on uncertain tax positions from the phi global tax settlement and an increase in income of $15 million due to an increase in the fair value of the derivative related to preferred stock.
effective income tax rate phi’s effective income tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014 were 33.9% and 36.3%, respectively. see note 15—income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the components of the effective income tax rates.
gain on sales of assets                                       8                    46                   (38   )                 —                    46
income before income taxes                                   83                   289                  (206   )               264                    25
(a)               pepco evaluates its operating performance using the measure of revenue net of purchased power expense for electric sales. pepco believes revenue net of purchased power expense is a useful measurement because it provides information that can be used to evaluate its operational performance. pepco has included the analysis below as a complement to the financial information provided in accordance with gaap. however, revenue net of purchased power expense is not a presentation defined under gaap and may not be comparable to other companies’ presentations or deemed more useful than the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report.
net income attributable to common shareholder year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015. pepco’s net income attributable to common shareholder for the year ended december 31, 2016, was lower than the same period in 2015, primarily due to an increase in operating and maintenance expense due to merger-related costs.
year ended december 31, 2015 compared to year ended december 31, 2014. the increase in net income attributable to common shareholder was driven primarily by an increase in gains recorded from the sale of certain pepco properties in 2015 and higher operating revenues net of purchased power expense resulting from customer growth and electric distribution base rate increases in 2014 in the district of columbia and maryland, partially offset by an increase in operating and maintenance expense primarily due to the implementation of a new customer information system and higher maintenance expense.
revenues net of purchased power expense operating revenues include revenue from the distribution and supply of electricity to pepco’s customers within its service territories at regulated rates. operating revenues also include transmission service revenue that pepco receives as a transmission owner from pjm at rates regulated by ferc. transmission rates are updated annually based on a ferc-approved formula methodology.
electric revenues and purchased power expense are also affected by fluctuations in participation in the customer choice program. all pepco customers have the choice to purchase electricity from competitive electric generation suppliers. the customers’ choice of supplier does not impact the volume of deliveries, but affects revenue collected from customers related to supplied energy service.
retail deliveries purchased from competitive electric generation suppliers (as a percentage of kwh sales) for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014 respectively , consisted of the following:
for the years ended december 31,
retail customers purchasing electric generation from competitive electric generation suppliers at december 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014 consisted of the following:
number of                  % of total          number of                  % of total          number of                  % of total customers                  retail              customers                  retail              customers                  retail customers                                      customers                                      customers electric          176,372             21              %          173,222             21              %          179,524             22              %
retail deliveries purchased from competitive electric generation suppliers represented 73% of pepco’s retail kwh sales to the district of columbia customers and 59% of pepco’s retail kwh sales to maryland customers for the year ended december 31, 2016 ; 71% of pepco’s retail kwh sales to the district of columbia customers and 60% of pepco’s retail kwh sales to maryland customers for the year ended december 31, 2015; and 73% of pepco’s retail kwh sales to the district of columbia customers and 59% of pepco’s retail kwh sales to maryland customers for year ended december 31, 2014.
the costs related to default electricity supply are included in purchased power expense. operating revenues also include transmission enhancement credits that pepco receives as a transmission owner from pjm in consideration for approved regional transmission expansion plan expenditures.
operating revenues also include work and services performed on behalf of customers, including other utilities, which is generally not subject to price regulation. work and services includes mutual assistance to other utilities, highway relocation, rentals of pole attachments, late payment fees and collection fees.
purchased power expense consists of the cost of electricity purchased by pepco to fulfill its default electricity supply obligation and, as such, is recoverable from customers in accordance with the terms of public service commission orders.
the changes in pepco’s operating revenues net of purchased power expense for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015 compared to the same periods in 2015 and 2014, respectively, consisted of the following:
regulatory required programs                 48                    34
revenue decoupling. pepco’s results historically have been seasonal, generally producing higher revenue and income in the warmest and coldest periods of the year. for retail customers of pepco in maryland and in the district of columbia, revenues are not affected by unseasonably warmer or colder weather because a bill stabilization adjustment (bsa) for retail customers was implemented that provides for a fixed distribution charge per customer. the bsa has the effect of decoupling the distribution revenue recognized in a reporting period from the amount of power delivered during the period. as a result, the only factors that will cause distribution revenue from customers in maryland and the district of columbia to fluctuate from period to period are changes in the number of customers and changes in the approved distribution charge per customer. changes in customer usage (due to weather conditions, energy prices, energy efficiency programs or other reasons) from period to period have no impact on reported distribution revenue for customers to whom the bsa applies.
in accounting for the bsa in maryland and the district of columbia, a revenue decoupling adjustment is recorded representing either (i) a positive adjustment equal to the amount by which revenue from maryland and the district of columbia retail distribution sales falls short of the revenue that pepco is entitled to earn based on the approved distribution charge per customer or (ii) a negative adjustment equal to the amount by which revenue from such distribution sales exceeds the revenue that pepco is entitled to earn based on the approved distribution charge per customer.
heating and cooling degree days are quantitative indices that reflect the demand for energy needed to heat or cool a home or business. normal weather is determined based on historical average heating and cooling degree days for a 20-year period in pepco’s service territory. the changes in heating and cooling degree days in pepco’s service territory for the years ended december 31, 2016 and december 31, 2015 compared to same periods in 2015 and 2014, respectively, and normal weather consisted of the following:
for the years ended                                                                       % change december 31, heating and cooling degree-days              2016         2015                normal          2016 vs. 2015              2016 vs. normal heating degree-days                         3,624                     3,657         3,887              (0.9   )%                    (6.8   )%
for the years ended                                                                       % change december 31, heating and cooling degree-days              2015         2014                normal          2015 vs. 2014              2015 vs. normal heating degree-days                         3,657                     4,017         3,914              (9.0   )%                    (6.6   )%
volume. the increase in operating revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense related to delivery volume, exclusive of the effects of weather, for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 primarily reflects the impact of moderate economic and customer growth. the increase in operating revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense related to delivery volume, exclusive of the effects of weather, for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the same period in 2014 primarily reflects the impact of moderate economic and customer growth.
pricing—distribution revenues. the increase in electric operating revenues net of purchased power expense as a result of pricing for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 was primarily due to the impact of the new electric distribution rates charged to customers in maryland that became effective in november 2016. the increase in distribution revenue for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the same period in 2014 was primarily due to the impact of the new electric distribution rates charged to customers in the district of columbia effective april 2014 and in maryland effective july 2014. see note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
regulatory required programs. this represents the change in operating revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory programs such as energy efficiency programs. the riders are designed to provide full and current cost recovery as well as a return. the costs of these programs are included in operating and maintenance expense, depreciation and amortization expense and income taxes. refer to the operating and maintenance expense discussion below for additional information on included programs.
transmission revenues. under a ferc approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs, investments being recovered and other billing determinants. transmission revenue decreased for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 due to lower revenue related to the mapp abandonment recovery period that ended in march 2016, partially offset by higher rates effective june 1, 2016 and june 1, 2015 related to increases in transmission plant investment and operating expenses. transmission revenue increased for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the same period in 2014 due to higher rates effective june 1, 2015 and june 1, 2014 related to increases in transmission plant investment and operating expenses, partially offset by the establishment of a reserve related to the ferc roe challenges in 2015.
operating and maintenance expense—regulatory required programs (a)            11                  12              (1   )            12                  11               1
(a)   operating and maintenance expenses for regulatory required programs are costs for various legislative and/or regulatory programs that are recoverable from customers on a full and current basis through approved regulated rates. an equal and offsetting amount has been reflected in operating revenues.
the changes in operating and maintenance expense for 2016 compared to 2015 and 2015 compared to 2014 consisted of the following:
baseline labor, other benefits, contracting and materials                               $7                   $26
storm-related costs                                                             6                    (3   )
pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense                         —                     4
remeasurement of ami—related regulatory asset                                   7                     —
deferral of billing system transition costs to regulatory asset                (7   )                 —
deferral of merger-related costs to regulatory asset                          (11   )                 —
uncollectible accounts expense—provision                                        8                     4
bsc and phisco allocations (a)                                                 53                    15
merger commitments (b)                                                        126                     —
write-off of construction work in progress (c)                                 13                     —
regulatory required programs purchased power administrative costs                                           (1   )                 1
(a)   primarily related to merger severance and compensation costs for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015.
(b)   primarily related to merger-related commitments for customer rate credits and charitable contributions.
(c)   primarily resulting from a review of capital projects during the fourth quarter of 2016.
depreciation and amortization expense the changes in depreciation and amortization expense for 2016 compared to 2015 and 2015 compared to 2014 consisted of the following:
regulatory asset amortization (b)                28                34
(a)   depreciation expense increased primarily due to ongoing capital expenditures.
(b)   regulatory asset amortization increased for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 primarily due to an empower maryland surcharge rate increase effective february 2016, partially offset by lower amortization of mapp abandonment costs and for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the same period in 2014 due to an empower maryland surcharge rate increase effective february 2015.
taxes other than income taxes other than income for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 increased primarily due to higher utility taxes that are collected and passed through by pepco, partially offset by lower property taxes in maryland. taxes other than income for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the same period in 2014 increased primarily due to higher property taxes in maryland.
gain on sales of assets gain on sale of assets for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 decreased primarily due to higher gains recorded in 2015 at pepco associated with the sale of land held as non-utility property. gain on sale of assets for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the same period in 2014 increased primarily due to 2015 gains recorded at pepco associated with the sale of land.
interest expense, net interest expense, net for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 increased primarily due to the recording of interest expense for an uncertain tax position in 2016, partially offset by an increase in capitalized afudc debt. interest expense, net for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the same period in 2014 increased primarily due to higher long-term debt interest expense.
other, net other, net for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 increased primarily due to higher income from afudc equity. other, net for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the same period in 2014 decreased primarily due to gains recorded in 2014 associated with condemnation awards for certain transmission property, partially offset by higher income from afudc equity.
effective income tax rate pepco’s effective income tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014 were 49.4%, 35.3%, and 35.2%, respectively. see note 15—income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the components of the change in effective income tax rates. as a result of the merger, pepco recorded an after-tax charge of $31 million during the year ended december 31, 2016 as a result of the assessment and remeasurement of certain federal and state uncertain tax positions.
pepco electric operating statistics and revenue detail retail deliveries to customers (in gwhs)      2016             2015                       %           weather-       2014                        %           weather-
change             normal                              change             normal
2015             change                                2014             change retail deliveries (a)
public authorities &amp; electric railroads              724              714           1.4   %              —   %              740           (3.5   )%             —   %
as of december 31, number of electric customers                  2016                  2015                  2014
public authorities &amp; electric railroads               130                   129                   124
change                                change
public authorities &amp; electric railroads                32                30           6.7   %                 30              —   %
(a)   reflects delivery volumes and revenues from customers purchasing electricity directly from pepco and customers purchasing electricity from a competitive electric generation supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges. for customers purchasing electricity from pepco, revenue also reflects the cost of energy and transmission.
(c)   includes operating revenues from affiliates totaling $5 million for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
gain on sales of assets                                            9                   —                     9                   —                     —
income before income taxes                                        13                 125                  (112   )             169                   (44   )
(a)              dpl evaluates its operating performance using the measure of revenue net of purchased power expense for electric sales and revenue net of fuel expense for gas sales. dpl believes revenue net of purchased power expense and revenue net of fuel expense are useful measurements because they provide information that can be used to evaluate its operational performance. dpl has included the analysis below as a complement to the financial information provided in accordance with gaap. however, revenue net of purchased power expense and revenue net of fuel expense is not a presentation defined under gaap and may not be comparable to other companies’ presentations or deemed more useful than the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report.
net income attributable to common shareholder year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015. the decrease in net income attributable to common shareholder was driven primarily by an increase in operating and maintenance expense primarily due to merger-related costs.
year ended december 31, 2015 compared to year ended december 31, 2014. the decrease in net income attributable to common shareholder was driven primarily by an increase in operating and maintenance expense primarily due to the implementation of a new customer information system, higher bad debt expense and higher tree trimming and system maintenance costs, partially offset by higher operating revenues net of purchased power expense resulting from customer growth and higher transmission revenue.
revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense operating revenues include revenue from the distribution and supply of electricity to dpl’s customers within its service territories at regulated rates. operating revenues also include transmission service revenue that dpl receives as a transmission owner from pjm at rates regulated by ferc. transmission rates are updated annually based on a ferc-approved formula methodology.
electric and gas revenues and purchased power and fuel expense are also affected by fluctuations in participation in the customer choice program. all dpl customers have the choice to purchase electricity and gas from competitive electric generation and natural gas suppliers, respectively. the customers’ choice of suppliers does not impact the volume of deliveries, but affects revenue collected from customers related to supplied energy and natural gas service.
retail deliveries purchased from competitive electric generation and natural gas suppliers (as a percentage of kwh and mmcf sales, respectively) for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014, consisted of the following:
for the years ended december 31,
retail customers purchasing electric generation and natural gas from competitive electric generation and natural gas suppliers at december 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014 consisted of the following:
number of                 % of total          number of                 % of total          number of                 % of total customers                 retail              customers                 retail              customers                 retail customers                                     customers                                     customers electric             78,994             15.2            %          77,603             15.1            %          78,153             15.3            %
retail deliveries purchased from competitive electric generation suppliers represented 53% of dpl’s retail kwh sales to delaware customers and 48% of dpl retail kwh sales to maryland customers for the year ended december 31, 2016; 53% of dpl’s retail kwh sales to delaware customers and 47% of dpl’s retail kwh sales to maryland customers for the year ended december 31, 2015; and 56% of dpl’s retail kwh sales to delaware customers and 49% of dpl’s retail kwh sales to maryland customers for the year ended december 31, 2014.
the costs related to default electricity supply are included in purchased power and fuel. operating revenues also include transmission enhancement credits that dpl receives as a transmission owner from pjm in consideration for approved regional transmission expansion plan expenditures.
operating revenues also include work and services performed on behalf of customers, including other utilities, which is generally not subject to price regulation. work and services includes mutual assistance to other utilities, highway relocation, rentals of pole attachments, late payment fees and collection fees.
natural gas operating revenues includes sources that are subject to price regulation (regulated gas revenue) and those that generally are not subject to price regulation (other gas revenue). regulated gas revenue includes the revenue dpl receives from on-system natural gas delivered sales and the transportation of natural gas for customers within its service territory at regulated rates. other gas revenue consists of off-system natural gas sales and the short-term release of interstate pipeline transportation and storage capacity not needed to serve customers. off-system sales are made possible when low demand for natural gas by regulated customers creates excess pipeline capacity.
purchased power consists of the cost of electricity purchased by dpl to fulfill its default electricity supply obligation and, as such, is recoverable from customers in accordance with the terms of public service commission orders. purchased fuel consists of the cost of gas purchased by dpl to fulfill its obligation to regulated gas customers and, as such, is recoverable from customers in accordance with the terms of public service commission orders. it also includes the cost of gas purchased for off-system sales.
the changes in dpl’s operating revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015 compared to the same periods in 2015 and 2014, respectively, consisted of the following:
regulatory required programs                                             12               —                12                17               —                17
revenue decoupling. dpl’s results historically have been seasonal, generally producing higher revenue and income in the warmest and coldest periods of the year. for retail customers of dpl in maryland, revenues are not affected by unseasonably warmer or colder weather because a bill stabilization adjustment (bsa) for retail customers was implemented that provides for a fixed distribution charge per customer. the bsa has the effect of decoupling the distribution revenue recognized in a reporting period from the amount of power delivered during the period. as a result, the only factors that will cause distribution revenue from customers in maryland to fluctuate from period to period are changes in the number of customers and changes in the approved distribution charge per customer. a modified fixed variable rate design, which would provide for a charge not tied to a customer’s volumetric consumption of electricity or natural gas, has been proposed for dpl electricity and natural gas customers in delaware. changes in customer usage (due to weather conditions, energy prices, energy efficiency programs or other reasons) from period to period have no impact on reported distribution revenue for customers to whom the bsa applies.
in accounting for the bsa in maryland, a revenue decoupling adjustment is recorded representing either (i) a positive adjustment equal to the amount by which revenue from maryland retail
distribution sales falls short of the revenue that dpl is entitled to earn based on the approved distribution charge per customer or (ii) a negative adjustment equal to the amount by which revenue from such distribution sales exceeds the revenue that dpl is entitled to earn based on the approved distribution charge per customer.
weather. the demand for electricity and gas in areas not subject to the bsa is affected by weather conditions. with respect to the electric business, very warm weather in summer months and, with respect to the electric and gas businesses, very cold weather in winter months are referred to as “favorable weather conditions” because these weather conditions result in increased deliveries of electricity and gas. conversely, mild weather reduces demand. during the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, weather was not a significant impact. during the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the same period in 2014, operating revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense was higher due to the impact of favorable spring and summer weather conditions in dpl’s delaware electric service territory and lower due to the impact of warmer weather during the fourth quarter of 2015, as compared to 2014, in dpl’s natural gas service territory.
heating and cooling degree days are quantitative indices that reflect the demand for energy needed to heat or cool a home or business. normal weather is determined based on historical average heating and cooling degree days for a 20-year period in dpl’s electric service territory and a 30-year period in dpl’s gas service territory. the changes in heating and cooling degree days in dpl’s service territory for the years ended december 31, 2016 and december 31, 2015 compared to same periods in 2015 and 2014, respectively, and normal weather consisted of the following:
for the years ended                                                                       % change december 31, heating and cooling degree-days   2016                    2015                normal          2016 vs. 2015              2016 vs. normal heating degree-days                         4,319                     4,421         4,572              (2.3   )%                    (5.5   )%
for the years ended                                                                       % change december 31, heating and cooling degree-days   2015                    2014                normal          2015 vs. 2014              2015 vs. normal heating degree-days                         4,421                     4,724         4,592              (6.4   )%                    (3.7   )%
volume. the increase in operating revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense related to delivery volume, exclusive of the effects of weather, for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, primarily reflects the impact of moderate economic and customer growth. the increase in operating revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense related to delivery volume, exclusive of the effects of weather, for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the same period in 2014, primarily reflects the impact of moderate economic and customer growth.
pricing—distribution revenues. the increase in electric operating revenues net of purchased power expense as a result of pricing for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 was primarily due to the impact of the new electric distribution and natural gas rates charged to customers that became effective in july 2016. see note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
regulatory required programs. this represents the change in operating revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory programs such as energy efficiency programs. the riders are designed to provide full and current cost recovery as well as a return. the costs of these programs are included in operating and maintenance expense, depreciation and amortization expense and income taxes. refer to the operating and maintenance expense discussion below for additional information on included programs.
transmission revenues. under a ferc approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs, investments being recovered and other billing determinants. transmission revenue increased for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 due to higher rates effective june 1, 2016 and june 1, 2015 related to increases in transmission plant investment and operating expenses, partially offset by lower revenue related to the mapp abandonment recovery period that ended in march 2016. transmission revenue increased for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the same period in 2014 due to higher rates effective june 1, 2015 and june 1, 2014 related to increases in transmission plant investment and operating expenses, partially offset by the establishment of a reserve related to the ferc roe challenges in 2015.
operating and maintenance expense—regulatory required programs (a)            16                  15               1            15                  11               4
(a)   operating and maintenance expenses for regulatory required programs are costs for various legislative and/or regulatory programs that are recoverable from customers on a full and current basis through approved regulated rates. an equal and offsetting amount has been reflected in operating revenues.
the changes in operating and maintenance expense for 2016 compared to 2015 and 2015 compared to 2014 consisted of the following:
baseline labor, other benefits, contracting and materials                               $1                    $5
pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense                         1                     3
storm-related costs                                                             5                     1
remeasurement of ami-related regulatory asset                                   1                     —
deferral of billing system transition costs to regulatory asset                (2   )                 —
deferral of merger-related costs to regulatory asset                           (4   )                 —
uncollectible accounts expense—provision                                        3                     6
bsc and phisco allocations (a)                                                 34                    13
merger commitments (b)                                                         86                     —
write-off of construction work in progress                                      4                     2
regulatory required programs purchased power administrative costs                                            1                     4
(a)   primarily related to merger severance and compensation costs for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015.
(b)   primarily related to merger-related commitments for energy efficiency programs, customer rate credits and charitable contributions.
depreciation, amortization and accretion expense the changes in depreciation, amortization and accretion expense for 2016 compared to 2015 and 2015 compared to 2014 consisted of the following:
regulatory asset amortization (b)                                      3                    14
delaware renewable energy portfolio standards deferral                (1   )                 3
(a)   depreciation expense increased due to ongoing capital expenditures.
(b)   regulatory asset amortization increased for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 primarily due to an empower maryland surcharge rate increase effective february 2016, partially offset by lower amortization of mapp abandonment costs and for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the same period in 2014 due to an empower maryland surcharge rate increase effective february 2015.
taxes other than income taxes other than income for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 increased primarily due to higher property taxes in maryland related to higher property assessments and rate increases. taxes other than income for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the same period in 2014 increased primarily due to higher property taxes related to an increase in assets.
gain on sales of assets gain on sale of assets for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 increased primarily due to gains recorded in 2016 at dpl associated with the sale of land held as non-utility property.
interest expense, net interest expense, net for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 remained constant. interest expense, net for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the same period in 2014 increased primarily due to higher long-term debt interest expense.
other, net other, net for the year ended december 31, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015 increased primarily due to higher income from afudc equity. other, net for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to the same period in 2014 remained constant.
effective income tax rate dpl’s effective income tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014 were 169.2%, 39.2%, and 38.5%, respectively. see note 15—income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the components of the change in effective income tax rates as a result of the merger, dpl recorded an after-tax charge of $23 million during the year ended december 31, 2016 as a result of the assessment and remeasurement of certain federal and state uncertain tax positions.
dpl electric operating statistics and revenue detail retail deliveries to customers (in gwhs)      2016             2015             %                     weather-       2014                       %           weather-
change                  normal                             change             normal
2015                    change                               2014             change retail deliveries (a)
public authorities &amp; electric railroads               46               45   2.2           %              —   %               47          (4.3   )%             —   %
as of december 31, number of electric customers                  2016                  2015                  2014
public authorities &amp; electric railroads               643                   643                   642
change                             change
public authorities &amp; electric railroads              13              12           8.3   %               12             —   %
(a)   reflects delivery volumes and revenues from customers purchasing electricity directly from dpl and customers purchasing electricity from a competitive electric generation supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges. for customers purchasing electricity from dpl, revenue also reflects the cost of energy and transmission.
(c)   includes operating revenues from affiliates totaling $7 million, $6 million and $7 million for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
dpl gas operating statistics and revenue detail retail deliveries to customers (in mmcf)   2016             2015             %                   weather           2014             %                  weather change              normal                             change             normal
2015                change                             2014               change retail deliveries residential                                        14,087           13,816   2.0            %          (5.0   )%           14,613          (5.5   )%         (2.4   )%
as of december 31, number of gas customers       2016                  2015                  2014
change                            change
(a)   reflects delivery volumes and revenues from customers purchasing natural gas directly from dpl and customers purchasing natural gas from a competitive natural gas supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges. for customers purchasing natural gas from dpl, revenue also reflects the cost of natural gas.
(b)   transportation and other revenue includes off-system natural gas sales and the short-term release of interstate pipeline transportation and storage capacity not needed to serve customers.
gain on sales of assets                                            1                   —                     1                   —                     —
(loss) income before income taxes                                (46   )              73                  (119   )              76                    (3   )
(a)   ace evaluates its operating performance using the measure of revenue net of purchased power expense for electric sales. ace believes revenue net of purchased power expense is a useful measurement of its performance because it provides
information that can be used to evaluate its operational performance. ace has included the analysis below as a complement to the financial information provided in accordance with gaap. however, revenue net of purchased power expense is not a presentation defined under gaap and may not be comparable to other companies’ presentations or deemed more useful than the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report.
net income attributable to common shareholder year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015. the decrease in net income attributable to common shareholder was driven primarily by an increase in operating and maintenance expense primarily due to merger-related costs.
year ended december 31, 2015 compared to year ended december 31, 2014. the decrease in net income attributable to common shareholder was driven primarily by an increase in operating and maintenance expense primarily due to the implementation of a new customer information system and higher storm restoration costs, partially offset by higher operating revenues net of purchased power expense resulting from an electric distribution base rate increase in 2014 in new jersey.
revenues net of purchased power expense operating revenues include revenue from the distribution and supply of electricity to ace’s customers within its service territories at regulated rates. operating revenues also include transmission service revenue that ace receives as a transmission owner from pjm at rates regulated by ferc. transmission rates are updated annually based on a ferc-approved formula methodology.
electric revenues and purchased power expense are also affected by fluctuations in participation in the customer choice program. all ace customers have the choice to purchase electricity from competitive electric generation suppliers. the customer’s choice of supplier does not impact the volume of deliveries, but affects revenue collected from customers related to supplied energy service.
retail deliveries purchased from competitive electric generation suppliers (as a percentage of kwh sales) for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014, consisted of the following:
for the years ended december 31,
retail customers purchasing electric generation from competitive electric generation suppliers at december 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014 consisted of the following:
number of                 % of total retail         number of                 % of total retail         number of                 % of total retail customers                 customers                 customers                 customers                 customers                 customers electric          94,562             17                    %          78,299             14                    %          86,780             16                    %
the costs related to default electricity supply are included in purchased power expense. operating revenues also include revenue from transition bond charges that ace receives, and pays to ace funding, to fund the principal and interest payments on transition bonds, revenue from the resale in the pjm rto market of energy and capacity purchased under contacts with unaffiliated nugs, and revenue from transmission enhancement credits.
operating revenues also include work and services performed on behalf of customers, including other utilities, which is generally not subject to price regulation. work and services includes mutual assistance to other utilities, highway relocation, rentals of pole attachments, late payment fees and collection fees.
purchased power expense consists of the cost of electricity purchased by ace to fulfill its default electricity supply obligation and, as such, is recoverable from customers in accordance with the terms of public service commission orders.
the changes in ace’s operating revenues net of purchased power expense for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015 compared to the same periods in 2015 and 2014, respectively, consisted of the following:
regulatory required programs                                     (15   )                15
weather. the demand for electricity is affected by weather conditions. with respect to the electric business, very warm weather in summer months and very cold weather in winter months are referred to as “favorable weather conditions” because these weather conditions result in increased deliveries of electricity. conversely, mild weather reduces demand. during the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, operating revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense was lower due to the impact of unfavorable winter weather conditions in ace’s service territory. during the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the same period in 2014, operating revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense was higher due to the impact of favorable spring and summer weather conditions in ace’s service territory.
for retail customers of ace, distribution revenues are not decoupled for the distribution of electricity by ace, and thus are subject to variability due to changes in customer consumption. therefore, changes in customer usage (due to weather conditions, energy prices, energy savings programs or other reasons) from period to period have a direct impact on reported distribution revenue for customers in ace’s service territory.
heating and cooling degree days are quantitative indices that reflect the demand for energy needed to heat or cool a home or business. normal weather is determined based on historical average heating and cooling degree days for a 20-year period in ace’s service territory. the changes in heating and cooling degree days in ace’s service territory for the years ended december 31, 2016 and december 31, 2015 compared to same periods in 2015 and 2014, respectively, and normal weather consisted of the following:
for the years ended                     normal                  % change december 31, heating and cooling degree-days   2016                    2015                        2016 vs. 2015         2016 vs. normal heating degree-days                         4,487                     4,671          4,768                   (3.9        )%            (5.9   )%
for the years ended                     normal                  % change december 31, heating and cooling degree-days   2015                    2014                        2015 vs. 2014          2015 vs. normal heating degree-days                         4,671                     5,192          4,795                   (10.0        )%            (2.6   )%
volume. the decrease in operating revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense related to delivery volume, exclusive of the effects of weather, for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, primarily reflects lower average customer usage, partially offset by the impact of moderate economic and customer growth. the increase in operating revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense related to delivery volume, exclusive of the effects of weather, for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the same period in 2014, primarily reflects the impact of moderate economic and customer growth.
pricing—distribution revenues. the increase in electric operating revenues net of purchased power expense as a result of pricing for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 was primarily due to the impact of the new electric distribution rates charged to customers that became effective in august 2016. the increase in distribution revenue for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the same period in 2014 was primarily due to the impact of the new electric distribution rates charged to customers that became effective september 2014. see note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
regulatory required programs. this represents the change in operating revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory programs such as energy efficiency programs. the riders are designed to provide full and current cost recovery as well as a return. the costs of these programs are included in operating and maintenance expense, depreciation and amortization expense and income taxes. refer to the depreciation and amortization expense discussion below for additional information on included programs.
transmission revenues. under a ferc approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs, investments being recovered and other billing determinants. transmission revenue increased for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 due to higher rates effective june 1, 2016 and june 1, 2015 related to increases in transmission plant investment and operating expenses. transmission revenue remained constant for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the same period in 2014 due to higher rates effective june 1, 2015 and june 1, 2014 related to increases in transmission plant investment and operating expenses, offset by the establishment of a reserve related to the ferc roe challenges in 2015.
operating and maintenance expense—regulatory required programs (a)             4                   4                 —             4                   7                (3   )
(a)   operating and maintenance expenses for regulatory required programs are costs for various legislative and/or regulatory programs that are recoverable from customers on a full and current basis through approved regulated rates. an equal and offsetting amount has been reflected in operating revenues.
the changes in operating and maintenance expense for 2016 compared to 2015 and 2015 compared to 2014 consisted of the following:
baseline labor, other benefits, contracting and materials                       $6                $5
pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense                 —                 1
storm-related costs                                                     1                 6
bsc and phisco allocations (a)                                         26                17
merger commitments (b)                                                111                 —
regulatory required programs purchased power administrative costs                                    —                (3   )
(a)   primarily related to merger severance and compensation costs for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015.
(b)   primarily related to merger-related commitments for customer rate credits and charitable contributions.
depreciation, amortization and accretion expense the changes in depreciation, amortization and accretion expense for 2016 compared to 2015 and 2015 compared to 2014 consisted of the following:
regulatory asset amortization (b)            (16      )                16
(a)   depreciation expense increased due to ongoing capital expenditures.
(b)                 regulatory asset amortization decreased for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 primarily as a result of lower revenue due to a rate decrease effective october 2015 for the ace market transition charge tax. regulatory asset amortization increased for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the same period in 2014 as a result of higher revenue due to a rate increase effective october 2014 for the ace market transition charge tax.
taxes other than income taxes other than income for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, remained constant. taxes other than income for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the same period in 2014 increased primarily due to an increase in the new jersey use tax.
interest expense, net interest expense, net remained relatively consistent for the year ended december 31, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015, and the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to the same period in 2014.
gain on sales of assets gain on sale of assets for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 increased primarily due to gains recorded in 2016 at ace associated with the sale of property.
other, net other, net for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 increased primarily due to higher income from afudc equity. other, net for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the same period in 2014 remained relatively consistent.
effective income tax rate ace’s effective income tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014 were 8.7%, 45.2%, and 39.5%, respectively. see note 15—income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the components of the change in effective income tax rates as a result of the merger, ace recorded an after-tax charge of $22 million during the year ended december 31, 2016 as a result of the assessment and remeasurement of certain federal and state uncertain tax positions.
ace electric operating statistics and revenue detail retail deliveries to customers (in gwhs)      2016            2015                   % change           weather-       2014                   % change           weather-
change                                                   change retail deliveries (a)
public authorities &amp; electric railroads              49              45               8.9   %              —   %              48              (6.3   )%             —   %
as of december 31, number of electric customers                  2016                  2015                  2014
public authorities &amp; electric railroads               610                   529                   526
electric revenue                              2016              2015                     % change        2014                   % change
public authorities &amp; electric railroads                13                12               8.3   %               12                 —   %
(a)   reflects delivery volumes and revenues from customers purchasing electricity directly from ace and customers purchasing electricity from a competitive electric generation supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges. for customers purchasing electricity from ace, revenue also reflects the cost of energy and transmission.
(c)   includes operating revenues from affiliates totaling $3 million, $4 million and $4 million for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
liquidity and capital resources exelon activity presented below includes the activity of phi, pepco, dpl and ace, from the phi merger effective date of march 24, 2016 through december 31, 2016. exelon prior year activity is unadjusted for the effects of the phi merger. due to the application of push-down accounting to the phi entity, phi’s activity is presented in two separate reporting periods, the legacy phi activity through march 23, 2016 (predecessor), and phi activity for the remainder of the period after the phi merger date (successor). for each of pepco, dpl and ace the activity presented below include its activity for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014. exelon’s and generation’s activity presented below includes the activity of ceng, from the integration date effective april 1, 2014. all results included throughout the liquidity and capital resources section are presented on a gaap basis.
the registrants’ operating and capital expenditures requirements are provided by internally generated cash flows from operations as well as funds from external sources in the capital markets and through bank borrowings. the registrants’ businesses are capital intensive and require considerable capital resources. each registrant’s access to external financing on reasonable terms depends on its credit ratings and current overall capital market business conditions, including that of the utility industry in general. if these conditions deteriorate to the extent that the registrants no longer have access to the capital markets at reasonable terms, the registrants have access to unsecured revolving credit facilities with aggregate bank commitments of $9 billion. in addition, generation has $500 million in bilateral facilities with banks which have various expirations between january 2017 and january 2019. the registrants utilize their credit facilities to support their commercial paper programs, provide for other short-term borrowings and to issue letters of credit. see the “credit matters” section below for further discussion. the registrants expect cash flows to be sufficient to meet operating expenses, financing costs and capital expenditure requirements.
the registrants primarily use their capital resources, including cash, to fund capital requirements, including construction expenditures, retire debt, pay dividends, fund pension and other postretirement benefit obligations and invest in new and existing ventures. the registrants spend a significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment. additionally, comed, peco, bge, pepco, dpl and ace operate in rate-regulated environments in which the amount of new investment recovery may be delayed or limited and where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time. see note 14—debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the registrants’ debt and credit agreements.
nrc minimum funding requirements nrc regulations require that licensees of nuclear generating facilities demonstrate reasonable assurance that sufficient funds will be available in certain minimum amounts to decommission the facility. these nrc minimum funding levels are based upon the assumption that decommissioning activities will commence after the end of the current licensed life of each unit. if a unit fails the nrc minimum funding test, then the plant’s owners or parent companies would be required to take steps, such as providing financial guarantees through letters of credit or parent company guarantees or
making additional cash contributions to the ndt fund to ensure sufficient funds are available. see note 16—asset retirement obligations to the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the nrc minimum funding requirements.
if a nuclear plant were to early retire there is a risk that it will no longer meet the nrc minimum funding requirements due to the earlier commencement of decommissioning activities and a shorter time period over which the ndt fund investments could appreciate in value. a shortfall could require exelon to post parental guarantees for generation’s share of the obligations. however, the amount of any required guarantees will ultimately depend on the decommissioning approach adopted at each site, the associated level of costs, and the decommissioning trust fund investment performance going forward. within two years after shutting down a plant, generation must submit a post-shutdown decommissioning activities report (psdar) to the nrc that includes the planned option for decommissioning the site. when generation files its biennial decommissioning funding status report with the nrc on march 31, 2017, as compared to previous estimates prior to the reversal of the early retirement decision, it is currently estimated that given the later commencement of decommissioning activities and a longer time period over which the ndt fund investments can appreciate in value, quad cities will meet the nrc minimum funding requirements. it is currently estimated that clinton will fall below the nrc minimum funding requirements by only a small amount. as of december 31, 2016, tmi passes the nrc minimum funding test based on its current license life. however, in the event of an early retirement of tmi, the most costly estimates could require parental guarantees of up to $60 million.
upon issuance of any required financial guarantees, each site would be able to utilize the respective ndt funds for radiological decommissioning costs, which represent the majority of the total expected decommissioning costs. however, the nrc must approve an additional exemption in order for the plant’s owner(s) to utilize the ndt fund to pay for non-radiological decommissioning costs (i.e. spent fuel management and site restoration costs). if a unit does not receive this exemption, the costs would be borne by the owner(s). while the ultimate amounts may vary greatly and could be reduced by alternate decommissioning scenarios and/or reimbursement of certain costs under the united states department of energy reimbursement agreements or future litigation, across the three alternative decommissioning approaches available, if an early retirement decision is made and tmi were to fail the exemption test, generation could incur spent fuel management and site restoration costs over the next ten years of up to $145 million, net of taxes.
cash flows from operating activities general generation’s cash flows from operating activities primarily result from the sale of electric energy and energy-related products and services to customers. generation’s future cash flows from operating activities may be affected by future demand for and market prices of energy and its ability to continue to produce and supply power at competitive costs as well as to obtain collections from customers.
the utility registrants’ cash flows from operating activities primarily result from the transmission and distribution of electricity and, in the case of peco, bge, and dpl, gas distribution services. the utility registrants’ distribution services are provided to an established and diverse base of retail customers. the utility registrants’ future cash flows may be affected by the economy, weather conditions, future legislative initiatives, future regulatory proceedings with respect to their rates or operations, competitive suppliers, and their ability to achieve operating cost reductions.
see notes 3—regulatory matters and 24—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further discussion of regulatory and legal proceedings and proposed legislation.
the following table provides a summary of the major items affecting exelon’s cash flows from operations for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014:
non-cash operating activities (a)                                                      7,722                 5,630                 2,092               5,884                  (254   )
pension and non-pension postretirement benefit                                          (397   )              (502   )               105                (617   )               115
contributions income taxes                                                                            (674   )                97                  (771   )            (143   )               240
changes in working capital and other noncurrent assets and liabilities (b)              (275   )              (264   )               (11   )            (806   )               542
option premiums received (paid), net                                                     (66   )                58                  (124   )              38                    20
(a)             represents depreciation, amortization, depletion and accretion, net fair value changes related to derivatives, deferred income taxes, provision for uncollectible accounts, pension and non-pension postretirement benefit expense, equity in earnings and losses of unconsolidated affiliates and investments, decommissioning-related items, stock compensation expense, impairment of long-lived assets, and other non-cash charges. see note 25—supplemental financial information of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further detail on non-cash operating activity.
(b)   changes in working capital and other noncurrent assets and liabilities exclude the changes in commercial paper, income taxes and the current portion of long-term debt.
(c)   on april 1, 2014, generation assumed operational control of ceng’s nuclear fleet. as a result, beginning on april 1, 2014, ceng’s revenues net of purchased power and fuel expenses are included on a fully consolidated basis.
pension and other postretirement benefits management considers various factors when making pension funding decisions, including actuarially determined minimum contribution requirements under erisa, contributions required to avoid benefit restrictions and at-risk status as defined by the pension protection act of 2006, management of the pension obligation and regulatory implications. on july 6, 2012, president obama signed into law the moving ahead for progress in the twenty-first century act, which contains a pension funding provision that results in lower pension contributions in the near term while increasing the premiums pension plans pay to the pension benefit guaranty corporation. on august 8, 2014, this funding relief was extended for five years. on november 2, 2015 the funding relief was extended for an additional three years and premiums pension plans pay to the pension benefit guaranty corporation were further increased. the estimated impacts of the law are reflected in the projected pension contributions below.
exelon expects to make qualified pension plan contributions of $310 million to its qualified pension plans in 2017, of which generation, comed, peco, bge and pepco expect to contribute $127 million, $33 million, $23 million, $38 million and $60 million, respectively. exelon’s and generation’s expected qualified pension plan contributions above include $21 million related to the legacy ceng plans that will be funded by ceng as provided in an employee matters agreement (ema) between exelon and ceng. exelon’s non-qualified pension plans are not funded. exelon expects to make non-qualified pension plan benefit payments of $23 million in 2017, of which generation, comed, peco, bge and pepco will make payments of $6 million, $1 million, $1 million, $2 million and $1 million, respectively. see note 17—retirement benefits of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for the registrants’ 2016 and 2015 pension contributions.
to the extent interest rates decline significantly or the pension plans do not earn the expected asset return rates, annual pension contribution requirements in future years could increase. additionally, expected contributions could change if exelon changes its pension or opeb funding strategy.
unlike qualified pension plans, other postretirement benefit plans are not subject to statutory minimum contribution requirements and certain plans are not funded. opeb funding generally follows accounting cost; however, exelon’s management has historically considered several factors in determining the level of contributions to its funded other postretirement benefit plans, including liabilities management, levels of benefit claims paid and regulatory implications (amounts deemed prudent to meet regulator expectations and best assure continued recovery). exelon expects to make other postretirement benefit plan contributions, including benefit payments related to unfunded plans, of approximately $44 million in 2017, of which generation, comed, bge and pepco expect to contribute $12 million, $2 million, $16 million and $10 million, respectively. see note 17—retirement benefits of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for the registrants’ 2016 and 2015 other postretirement benefit contributions.
see the “contractual obligations” section for management’s estimated future pension and other postretirement benefits contributions.
tax matters the registrants’ future cash flows from operating activities may be affected by the following tax matters:
•                 in order to appeal the tax court’s like-kind exchange decision, exelon is required to pay the tax, penalty and interest at the time exelon files its appeal (expected in the second quarter of 2017). while the final calculation of tax, penalty and interest has not yet been finalized by the irs, exelon estimates that a payment of approximately $1.4 billion related to the like-kind exchange will be due, including $300 million from comed, in the second quarter of 2017. while exelon will receive a tax benefit of approximately $400 million associated with the deduction for the interest, exelon currently expects to have a net operating loss carryforward and thus does not expect to realize the cash benefit until 2018. exelon’s total estimated cash outflow for the like-kind exchange is $1.0 billion, of which approximately $300 million would be attributable to comed after giving consideration to exelon’s agreement to hold comed harmless from any unfavorable impacts of the after-tax interest and penalty amounts on comed’s equity. comed will fund the $300 million with a combination of debt and equity in a manner to maintain its current capital structure. upon a final appellate decision, which could take up to several years, exelon expects to receive $80 million related to final interest computations.
of the above amounts payable, exelon deposited with the irs approximately $1.25 billion in october of 2016. the remaining amount will be paid in the second quarter of 2017 at the time exelon files its appeal of the tax court decision. exelon funded the $1.25 billion deposit with a combination of cash on hand and short-term borrowings. the deposit is reflected as a current asset and the related liabilities for the tax, penalty, and interest are included on exelon’s balance sheet as current obligations.
•   in april of 2016, exelon received tax refunds of approximately $460 million related to irs positions settled in prior tax years. of this amount, approximately $195 million of the refund is attributable to generation and the remaining $265 million is attributable to comed.
•   state and local governments continue to face increasing financial challenges, which may increase the risk of additional income tax levies, property taxes and other taxes or the imposition, extension or permanence of temporary tax levies.
cash flows provided by operations for the year ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 by registrant were as follows:
successor         predecessor march 24,         january 1,              for the year              for the year
(a)   on april 1, 2014, generation assumed operational control of ceng’s nuclear fleet. as a result, beginning on april 1, 2014, ceng’s revenues net of purchased power and fuel expenses are included on a fully consolidated basis.
changes in registrants’ cash flows from operations were generally consistent with changes in each registrant’s respective results of operations, as adjusted by changes in working capital in the normal course of business, except as discussed below. in addition, significant operating cash flow impacts for the registrants for 2016, 2015 and 2014 were as follows:
•                    depending upon whether generation is in a net mark-to-market liability or asset position, collateral may be required to be posted with or collected from its counterparties. in addition, the collateral posting and collection requirements differ depending on whether the transactions are on an exchange or in the otc markets. during 2016, 2015 and 2014, generation had net collections/(payments) of counterparty cash collateral of $923 million, $407 million and
$(1,748) million, respectively, primarily due to market conditions that resulted in changes to generation’s net mark-to-market position, as well as exelon’s decision to post more cash collateral in 2014 compared to using letters of credit in 2015 to support the phi merger financing.
•   during 2016, 2015 and 2014, generation had net (payments)/collections of approximately $(66) million, $58 million, and $38 million, respectively, related to purchases and sales of options. the level of option activity in a given year may vary due to several factors, including changes in market conditions as well as changes in hedging strategy.
during 2016, comed’s collateral posted with pjm has decreased due to lower pjm billings. during 2015 comed’s collateral posted with pjm has increased primarily due to higher rpm credit requirements and higher pjm billings resulting from increased load being served by comed as a result of city of chicago customers switching back to comed.
for further discussion regarding changes in non-cash operating activities, please refer to note 25—supplemental financial information of the combined notes to the financial statements.
cash flows from investing activities cash flows used in investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014 by registrant were as follows:
(a)   on april 1, 2014, generation assumed operational control of ceng’s nuclear fleet. as a result, beginning on april 1, 2014, ceng’s revenues net of purchased power and fuel expenses are included on a fully consolidated basis.
successor             predecessor march 24,             january 1,              for the year              for the year
significant investing cash flow impacts for the registrants for 2016, 2015 and 2014 were as follows:
•   during 2016, exelon had expenditures of $6.6 billion, $235 million and $58 million relating to the acquisitions of phi, conedison solutions and the pending acquisition of the fitzpatrick facility, respectively.
•   during 2014, exelon had proceeds of $1.7 billion from the sale of certain long lived assets in order to finance a portion of the merger with phi.
•   during 2016, generation had expenditures of, $235 million and $58 million relating to the acquisitions of conedison solutions and the pending acquisition of the fitzpatrick facility, respectively.
•   during 2014, generation had proceeds of $1.7 billion from the sale of certain long lived assets in order to finance a portion of the merger with phi.
capital expenditure spending generation generation has entered into several agreements to acquire equity interests in privately held development stage entities which develop energy-related technology. the agreements contain a series of scheduled investment commitments, including in-kind services contributions. there are approximately $39 million of anticipated expenditures remaining through 2018 to fund anticipated planned capital and operating needs of the associated companies. see note 24—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further details of generation’s equity interests.
capital expenditures by registrant for the year ended december 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014 and projected amounts for 2017 are as follows:
successor         predecessor projected     march 24,         january 1,              for the year              for the year
(a)   total projected capital expenditures do not include adjustments for non-cash activity.
(b)   on april 1, 2014, generation assumed operational control of ceng’s nuclear fleet. as a result, beginning on april 1, 2014, ceng’s revenues net of purchased power and fuel expenses are included on a fully consolidated basis.
(c)   the capital expenditures and 2017 projections include $281 million of expected incremental spending pursuant to eima, comed has committed to invest approximately $2.6 billion over a ten year period to modernize and storm-harden its distribution system and to implement smart grid technology.
projected capital expenditures and other investments are subject to periodic review and revision to reflect changes in economic conditions and other factors.
generation approximately 35% and 23% of the projected 2017 capital expenditures at generation are for the acquisition of nuclear fuel and the construction of new natural gas plants, respectively, with the remaining amounts reflecting investment in renewable energy and additions and upgrades to existing facilities (including material condition improvements during nuclear refueling outages). generation anticipates that they will fund capital expenditures with internally generated funds and borrowings.
comed, peco, bge, pepco, dpl and ace approximately 89% of the projected 2017 capital expenditures at comed and 100% of the projected 2017 capital expenditures at peco, bge, pepco, dpl, and ace are for continuing projects to maintain and improve operations, including enhancing reliability and adding capacity to the transmission and distribution systems such as comed’s reliability related investments required under eima, and the utility registrants’ construction commitments under pjm’s rtep. in addition to the capital expenditure for continuing projects, comed’s total expenditures include smart grid/smart meter technology required under eima.
the utility registrants as transmission owners are subject to nerc compliance requirements. nerc provides guidance to transmission owners regarding assessments of transmission lines. the results of these assessments could require the utility registrants to incur incremental capital or operating and maintenance expenditures to ensure their transmission lines meet nerc standards. in
2010, nerc provided guidance to transmission owners that recommended the utility registrants perform assessments of their transmission lines. comed, peco and bge submitted their final bi-annual reports to nerc in january 2014. comed, peco and bge will be incurring incremental capital expenditures associated with this guidance following the completion of the assessments. specific projects and expenditures are identified as the assessments are completed. comed’s, peco’s and bge’s forecasted 2017 capital expenditures above reflect capital spending for remediation to be completed through 2018. pepco, dpl and ace have substantially completed their assessments and thus do not expect significant capital expenditures related to this guidance in 2017.
the utility registrants anticipate that they will fund their capital expenditures with a combination of internally generated funds and borrowings and additional capital contributions from parent, including comed’s capital expenditures associated with eima as further discussed in note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
cash flows from financing activities cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014 by registrant were as follows:
(a)   on april 1, 2014, generation assumed operational control of ceng’s nuclear fleet. as a result, beginning on april 1, 2014, ceng’s revenues net of purchased power and fuel expenses are included on a fully consolidated basis.
successor             predecessor march 24,             january 1,              for the year              for the year
debt see note 14—debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further details of the registrants’ debt issuances and retirements. debt activity for 2016, 2015 and 2014 by registrant was as follows:
company            type                                             interest rate   maturity            amount   use of proceeds exelon corporate   senior unsecured notes                                   2.45%   april 15, 2021        $300   repay commercial paper issued by phi and for general corporate purposes exelon corporate   senior unsecured notes                                   3.40%   april 15, 2026        $750   repay commercial paper issued by phi and for general corporate purposes exelon corporate   senior unsecured notes                                   4.45%   april 15, 2046        $750   repay commercial paper issued by phi and for general corporate purposes generation         renewable power generation nonrecourse debt(a)           4.11%   march 31, 2035        $150   paydown long term debt obligations at sacramento pv energy and constellation solar horizons and for general corporate purposes generation         albany green energy project financing (b)              libor +   november 17,           $98   albany green energy biomass generation development
generation         energy efficiency project financing (b)                  3.17%   december 31,           $16   funding to install energy conservation measures in brooklyn, ny
generation         energy efficiency project financing (b)                  3.90%   january 31,            $19   funding to install energy conservation measures for the naval station great lakes project
generation         energy efficiency project financing (b)                  3.52%   april 30, 2018         $14   funding to install energy conservation measures for the smithsonian zoo project generation         solgen nonrecourse debt (a)                              3.93%   september 30,         $150   general corporate purposes
generation         energy efficiency project financing (b)                  3.46%   october 1,             $36   funding to install energy conservation measures or the marine corps logistics base project
company      type                                      interest rate   maturity           amount   use of proceeds generation   energy efficiency project financing (b)           2.61%   september 30,          $4   funding to install energy conservation measures for the pensacola project
comed        first mortgage bonds, series 120                  2.55%   june 15, 2026        $500   refinance maturing mortgage bonds, repay a portion of comed’s outstanding commercial paper obligations and for general corporate purposes comed        first mortgage bonds, series 121                  3.65%   june 15, 2046        $700   refinance maturing mortgage bonds, repay a portion of comed’s outstanding commercial paper obligations and for general corporate purposes peco         first mortgage bonds                              1.70%   september 15,        $300   refinance maturing mortgage bonds
bge          notes                                             2.40%   august 15,           $350   redeem the $190m of outstanding preference shares and for general corporate purposes
bge          notes                                             3.50%   august 15,           $500   redeem the $190m of outstanding preference shares and for general corporate purposes
pepco        energy efficiency project financing (b)           3.30%   december 15,           $4   funding to install energy conservation measures for the doe germantown project
(a)   see note 14—debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for discussion of nonrecourse debt.
(b)   for energy efficiency project financing, the maturity dates represent the expected date of project completion, upon which the respective customer assumes the outstanding debt.
company            type                                   interest rate   maturity           amount   use of proceeds exelon corporate   senior unsecured notes                         1.55%   june 9, 2017         $550   finance a portion of the pending merger with phi and related costs and expenses, and for general corporate purposes exelon corporate   senior unsecured notes                         2.85%   june 15, 2020        $900   finance a portion of the pending merger with phi and related costs and expenses, and for general corporate purposes exelon corporate   senior unsecured notes                         3.95%   june 15, 2025      $1,250   finance a portion of the pending merger with phi and related costs and expenses, and for general corporate purposes exelon corporate   senior unsecured notes                         4.95%   june 15, 2035        $500   finance a portion of the pending merger with phi and related costs and expenses, and for general corporate purposes exelon corporate   senior unsecured notes                         5.10%   june 15, 2045      $1,000   finance a portion of the pending merger with phi and related costs and expenses, and for general corporate purposes exelon corporate   long term software license agreement           3.95%   may 1, 2024          $111   procurement of software licenses generation         senior unsecured notes                         2.95%   january 15,          $750   fund the optional redemption of exelon’s $550 million, 4.550% senior notes and for general corporate purposes
generation         avsr doe nonrecourse debt               2.29 - 2.96%   january 5,            $39   antelope valley solar development
generation         energy efficiency project financing            3.71%   july 31, 2017         $42   funding to install energy conservation measures in coleman, florida
company      type                                         interest rate   maturity           amount   use of proceeds generation   energy efficiency project financing                  3.55%   november 15,          $19   funding to install energy conservation measures in frederick, maryland
generation   tax exempt pollution control revenue bonds    2.50 - 2.70%   2019 - 2020          $435   general corporate purposes generation   albany green energy project financing              libor +   november 17,         $100   albany green energy biomass generation development
comed        first mortgage bonds, series 118                     3.70%   march 1, 2045        $400   refinance maturing mortgage bonds, repay a portion of comed’s outstanding commercial paper obligations and for general corporate purposes comed        first mortgage bonds, series 119                     4.35%   november 15,         $450   repay a portion of comed’s outstanding commercial paper obligations and for general corporate purposes
company      type                                      interest   maturity           amount   use of proceeds rate exelon       junior subordinated notes                    2.50%   june 1,            $1,150   finance a portion of the pending merger with phi and for general corporate purposes
generation   energy efficiency project financing          4.12%   december 31,          $12   funding to install energy conservation measures in washington, dc
generation   avsr doe nonrecourse debt             3.06 - 3.14%   january 5,           $126   antelope valley solar development
phi (a)      energy efficiency project financing          4.68%   february 10,           $6   funding to install energy conservation measures for the natick project
company   type                                  interest   maturity          amount   use of proceeds rate pepco     energy efficiency project financing      3.12%   february 20,         $12   funding to install energy conservation measures for the state department project
(a)   represents pepco energy services energy efficiency project financing. as of the date of the merger, pes financing was included with generation.
company            type                                              interest rate   maturity                amount exelon corporate   long term software license agreement                      3.95%   may 1, 2024                 $8
generation         kennett square capital lease                              7.83%   september 20, 2020          $4
company      type                                 interest rate   maturity                amount generation   solgen nonrecourse debt (a)                  3.93%   september 30, 2036          $2
bge          securitization bonds                         5.82%   april 1, 2017              $40
ace          transition bonds                             5.05%   october 20, 2020           $12
ace          transition bonds                             5.55%   october 20, 2023           $34
(a)   see note 14—debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for discussion of nonrecourse debt.
company            type                                            interest rate   maturity                amount exelon corporate   senior unsecured notes                                  4.55%   june 15, 2015             $550
exelon corporate   long term software license agreement                    3.95%   may 1, 2024                 $1
generation         kennett square capital lease                            7.83%   september 20, 2020          $3
company      type                                    interest rate   maturity               amount generation   sacramento pv energy nonrecourse debt           2.58%   december 31, 2030          $2
generation   energy efficiency project                       3.55%   november 15, 2016         $19
phi (a)      energy efficiency project financing             4.68%   february 10, 2015          $7
phi (a)      energy efficiency project financing             8.87%   june 1, 2021               $5
phi (a)      energy efficiency project financing             7.61%   august 1, 2015             $1
pepco        energy efficiency project financing             3.12%   february 20, 2015         $12
ace          transition bonds                                5.05%   october 20, 2020          $12
ace          transition bonds                                5.55%   october 20, 2023          $32
(a)   represents pepco energy services energy efficiency project financing. as of the date of the merger, pes financing was included with generation.
company      type                                    interest rate   maturity                amount generation   senior unsecured notes                          5.35%   january 15, 2014          $500
generation   pollution control notes                         4.10%   july 1, 2014               $20
generation   kennett square capital lease                    7.83%   september 20, 2020          $3
generation   energy efficiency project financing             4.12%   december 31, 2015          $12
comed        pollution control series 1994c                  5.85%   january 15, 2014           $17
company   type                         interest rate   maturity               amount bge       rate stabilization bonds             5.72%   april 1, 2017             $35
ace       transition bonds                     5.05%   october 20, 2020          $11
ace       transition bonds                     5.55%   october 20, 2023          $30
(a)   represents pepco energy services energy efficiency project financing. as of the date of the merger, pes debt was included with generation.
from time to time and as market conditions warrant, the registrants may engage in long-term debt retirements via tender offers, open market repurchases or other viable options to reduce debt on their respective balance sheets.
dividends cash dividend payments and distributions for the year ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 by registrant were as follows:
successor           predecessor march 24, 2016      january 1, 2016             for the year              for the year to december 31,     to march 23,                ended                     ended
(a)   on april 1, 2014, generation assumed operational control of ceng’s nuclear fleet. as a result, the 2016, 2015, and 2014 activity includes ceng on a fully consolidated basis beginning april 1, 2014.
quarterly dividends declared by the exelon board of directors during the year ended december 31, 2016 and for the first quarter of 2017 were as follows:
(a)   exelon’s board of directors has approved a dividend policy providing a raise of 2.5% each year for three years, beginning with the june 2016 dividend.
successor               predecessor march 24, 2016          january 1, 2016             for the year              for the year to december 31,         to march 23,                ended                     ended
(a)   on april 1, 2014, generation assumed operational control of ceng’s nuclear fleet. as a result, beginning on april 1, 2014, ceng’s revenues net of purchased power and fuel expenses are included on a fully consolidated basis.
contributions from parent/member.
contributions from parent/member (exelon) during 2016, 2015 and 2014 by registrant were as follows:
successor           predecessor march 24, 2016      january 1, 2016             for the year              for the year to december 31,     to march 23,                ended                     ended
(a)   additional contributions from parent or external debt financing may be required as a result of increased capital investment in infrastructure improvements and modernization pursuant to eima, transmission upgrades and expansions and exelon’s agreement to indemnify comed for any unfavorable after-tax impacts associated with comed’s lke tax matter.
(b)   contribution paid by exelon.
(c)   contribution paid by phi.
pursuant to the orders approving the merger, exelon made equity contributions of $73 million, $46 million and $49 million to pepco, dpl and ace, respectively, in the second quarter of 2016 to fund the after-tax amount of the customer bill credit and the customer base rate credit.
redemptions of preference stock. bge had $190 million of cumulative preference stock that was redeemable at its option at any time after october 1, 2015 for the redemption price of $100 per share, plus accrued and unpaid dividends. on july 3, 2016, bge redeemed all 400,000 shares of its outstanding 7.125% cumulative preference stock, 1993 series and all 600,000 shares of its outstanding 6.990% cumulative preference stock, 1995 series for $100 million, plus accrued and unpaid dividends. on september 18, 2016, bge redeemed the remaining 500,000 shares of its outstanding 6.970% cumulative preference stock, 1993 series and the remaining 400,000 shares of its outstanding 6.700% cumulative preference stock, 1993 series for $90 million, plus accrued and unpaid dividends. as of december 31, 2016, bge no longer has any preferred stock outstanding. see note 22—earnings per share of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further details.
other for the year ended december 31, 2016, other financing activities primarily consists of debt issuance costs. see note 14—debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements’ for additional information.
credit matters market conditions the registrants fund liquidity needs for capital investment, working capital, energy hedging and other financial commitments through cash flows from continuing operations, public debt offerings, commercial paper markets and large, diversified credit facilities. the credit facilities include $9.5 billion in aggregate total commitments of which $7.9 billion was available as of december 31, 2016, and of which no financial institution has more than 7% of the aggregate commitments for exelon, generation, comed, peco, bge, pepco, dpl and ace. the registrants had access to the commercial paper market during 2016 to fund their short-term liquidity needs, when necessary. the registrants routinely review the sufficiency of their liquidity position, including appropriate sizing of credit facility commitments, by performing various stress test scenarios, such as commodity price movements, increases in margin-related transactions, changes in hedging levels and the impacts of hypothetical credit downgrades. the registrants have continued to closely monitor events in the financial markets and the financial institutions associated with the credit facilities, including monitoring credit ratings and outlooks, credit default swap levels, capital raising and merger activity. see part i. item 1a. risk factors for further information regarding the effects of uncertainty in the capital and credit markets.
the registrants believe their cash flow from operating activities, access to credit markets and their credit facilities provide sufficient liquidity. if generation lost its investment grade credit rating as of december 31, 2016, it would have been required to provide incremental collateral of $1.9 billion to meet collateral obligations for derivatives, non-derivatives, normal purchase normal sales contracts and applicable payables and receivables, net of the contractual right of offset under master netting agreements, which is well within its current available credit facility capacities of $4.2 billion.
the following table presents the incremental collateral that each utility registrant would have been required to provide in the event each utility registrant lost its investment grade credit rating at december 31, 2016 and available credit facility capacity prior to any incremental collateral at december 31, 2016:
pjm credit           other incremental     available credit facility policy     collateral required (a)         capacity prior to any collateral                                    incremental collateral comed             $19                          $—                          $998
exelon credit facilities exelon, comed and bge meet their short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of commercial paper. generation and peco meet their short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of commercial paper and borrowings from the intercompany money pool. phi meets its short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of short-term notes and the exelon intercompany money pool. pepco, dpl and ace meet their short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of commercial paper and short-term notes. the registrants may use their respective credit facilities for general corporate purposes, including meeting short-term funding requirements and the issuance of letters of credit.
see note 14—debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for discussion of the registrants’ credit facilities and short term borrowing activity.
other credit matters capital structure. at december 31, 2016, the capital structures of the registrants consisted of the following:
common equity                               43   %               —   %        55   %        55   %      52   %       —            50   %      50   %      47   %
member’s equity                              —   %              57   %        —    %        —    %       —   %      55   %        —            —           —
(a)                        includes approximately $641 million, $205 million, $184 million and $252 million owed to unconsolidated affiliates of exelon, comed, peco and bge respectively. these special purpose entities were created for the sole purposes of issuing mandatorily redeemable trust preferred securities of comed, peco and bge. see note 2—variable interest entities of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the authoritative guidance for vies.
security ratings the registrants’ access to the capital markets, including the commercial paper market, and their respective financing costs in those markets, may depend on the securities ratings of the entity that is accessing the capital markets.
the registrants’ borrowings are not subject to default or prepayment as a result of a downgrading of securities, although such a downgrading of a registrant’s securities could increase fees and interest charges under that registrant’s credit agreements.
as part of the normal course of business, the registrants enter into contracts that contain express provisions or otherwise permit the registrants and their counterparties to demand adequate assurance of future performance when there are reasonable grounds for doing so. in accordance with the contracts and applicable contracts law, if the registrants are downgraded by a credit rating agency, it is possible that a counterparty would attempt to rely on such a downgrade as a basis for making a demand for adequate assurance of future performance, which could include the posting of collateral. see note 13—derivative financial instruments of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on collateral provisions.
intercompany money pool to provide an additional short-term borrowing option that will generally be more favorable to the borrowing participants than the cost of external financing, both exelon and phi operate an intercompany money pool. maximum amounts contributed to and borrowed from the money pool by participant and the net contribution or borrowing as of december 31, 2016, are presented in the following tables:
exelon intercompany money pool                         for the year ended             as of december 31, 2016      december 31,
phi intercompany money pool   for the year ended                        as of december 31, 2016                         december 31,
investments in nuclear decommissioning trust funds. exelon, generation and ceng maintain trust funds, as required by the nrc, to fund certain costs of decommissioning nuclear plants. the mix of securities in the trust funds is designed to provide returns to be used to fund decommissioning and to offset inflationary increases in decommissioning costs. generation actively monitors the investment performance of the trust funds and periodically reviews asset allocations in accordance with generation’s ndt fund investment policy. generation’s and ceng’s investment policies establish limits on the concentration of holdings in any one company and also in any one industry. see note 16—asset retirement obligations of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the trust funds, the nrc’s minimum funding requirements and related liquidity ramifications.
shelf registration statements. exelon, generation, comed, peco, bge, pepco and dpl have a currently effective combined shelf registration statement unlimited in amount, filed with the sec, that will expire in august 2019. the ability of each registrant to sell securities off the shelf registration statement or to access the private placement markets will depend on a number of factors at the time of the proposed sale, including other required regulatory approvals, as applicable, the current financial condition of the registrant, its securities ratings and market conditions.
regulatory authorizations. generation, comed, peco, bge, pepco, dpl and ace are required to obtain short-term and long-term financing authority from federal and state commissions as follows:
short-term financing authority (a)                                                   long-term financing authority commission           expiration date                       amount                    commission             expiration date                        amount
(a)   generation currently has blanket financing authority it received from ferc in connection with its market-based rate authority.
(b)   comed had $1,565 million available in long-term debt refinancing authority and $818 million available in new money long term debt financing authority from the icc as of december 31, 2016 and has an expiration date of june 1, 2019 and march 1, 2019, respectively.
(c)   in december 2016, bge filed an application for $1 billion of long term financing authority with the mdpsc.
exelon’s ability to pay dividends on its common stock depends on the receipt of dividends paid by its operating subsidiaries. the payments of dividends to exelon by its subsidiaries in turn depend on their results of operations and cash flows and other items affecting retained earnings. the federal power act declares it to be unlawful for any officer or director of any public utility “to participate in the making or paying of any dividends of such public utility from any funds properly included in capital account.” in addition, under illinois law, comed may not pay any dividend on its stock, unless, among other things, its earnings and earned surplus are sufficient to declare and pay a dividend after provision is made for reasonable and proper reserves, or unless comed has specific authorization from the icc. bge is subject to certain dividend restrictions established by the mdpsc. first, bge was prohibited from paying a dividend on its common shares through the end of 2014. second, bge is prohibited from paying a dividend on its common shares if (a) after the dividend payment, bge’s equity ratio would be below 48% as calculated pursuant to the mdpsc’s ratemaking precedents or (b) bge’s senior unsecured credit rating is rated by two of the three major credit rating agencies below investment grade. finally, bge must notify the mdpsc that it intends to declare a dividend on its common shares at least 30 days before such a dividend is paid. there are no other limitations on bge paying common stock dividends unless bge elects to defer interest payments on the 6.20% deferrable interest subordinated debentures due 2043, and any deferred interest remains unpaid. pepco, dpl and ace are subject to certain dividend restrictions established by settlements approved in nj, de, md and the dc. pepco, dpl and ace are prohibited from paying a dividend on their common shares if (a) after the dividend payment, pepco’s, dpl’s or ace’s equity ratio would be below 48% as equity levels are calculated under the ratemaking precedents of the commissions and the board or (b) pepco’s, dpl’s or ace’s senior unsecured credit rating is rated by one of the three major credit rating agencies below investment grade. at december 31, 2016, exelon had retained earnings of $12,030 million, including generation’s undistributed earnings of $2,275 million, comed’s retained earnings of $987 million consisting of retained earnings appropriated for future dividends of $2,626 million partially offset by $1,639 million of unappropriated retained deficit, peco’s retained earnings of $941 million and bge’s retained earnings $1,427 million. at december 31, 2016, pepco had retained earnings of $991 million, dpl had retained earnings of $562 million and ace had retained earnings of $122 million. see note 24—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding fund transfer restrictions.
contractual obligations the following tables summarize the registrants’ future estimated cash payments as of december 31, 2016 under existing contractual obligations, including payments due by period. see note 24—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding the registrants’ commercial and other commitments, representing commitments potentially triggered by future events.
exelon payment due within total   2017                            2018-                 2020-        due 2022
liability and interest for uncertain tax            150               150                     —                     —               —
positions (c)
capital leases                                       69                17                    38                     6               8
electric supply procurement (f)                   3,632             2,261                 1,357                    14               —
aec purchase commitments (f)                          6                 1                     3                     2               —
curtailment services commitments (f)                148                61                    80                     7               —
commitments (g)
construction commitments (i)                        317               276                    41                     —               —
commitments (j)
(b)   interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2016 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances. variable rate interest obligations are estimated based on rates as of december 31, 2016. includes estimated interest payments due to comed, peco, bge, phi, pepco, dpl and ace financing trusts.
(c)   while the final calculation of tax, penalties and interest has not yet been finalized by the irs, exelon estimates that a payment of approximately $1.4 billion related to the like-kind exchange will be due in the second quarter of 2017. exelon deposited with the irs approximately $1.25 billion in october of 2016 and expects that the approximately $150 million remaining will be paid in the second quarter of 2017.
(d)   excludes generation’s contingent operating lease payments associated with contracted generation agreements. these amounts are included within purchase power obligations. includes estimated cash payments for service fees related to peco’s meter reading operating lease.
(e)                   purchase power obligations include contingent operating lease payments associated with contracted generation agreements. amounts presented represent generation’s expected payments under these arrangements at december 31, 2016, including those related to ceng. expected payments include certain fixed capacity charges which may be reduced based on plant availability. expected payments exclude renewable ppa contracts that are contingent in nature.
(f)   represents commitments to purchase nuclear fuel, natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity and services, procure electric supply, and purchase aecs and curtailment services.
(g)                 primarily related to comed 20-year contracts for renewable energy and recs beginning in june 2012. comed is permitted to recover its renewable energy and rec costs from retail customers with no mark-up. the commitments represent the maximum settlements with suppliers for renewable energy and recs under the existing contract terms. see note 3—regulatory matters of combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(h)                                       represents the future estimated value at december 31, 2016 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between the registrants and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
(i)   represents commitments for generation’s ongoing investments in new natural gas and biomass generation construction. amount includes $139 million of remaining commitments related to the construction of new combined-cycle gas turbine units in texas. achievement of commercial operations related to this project is expected in 2017.
(j)          under their operating agreements with pjm, comed, peco, bge, pepco, dpl and ace are committed to the construction of transmission facilities to maintain system reliability. these amounts represent comed, peco, bge, pepco, dpl and ace’s expected portion of the costs to pay for the completion of the required construction projects. see note 3—regulatory matters of combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(k)   see note 24—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further information regarding snf obligations.
(l)                  these amounts represent exelon’s expected contributions to its qualified pension plans. the projected contributions reflect a funding strategy for the legacy exelon, ceg and ceng plans of contributing the greater of $250 million until the qualified plans are fully funded on an accumulated benefit obligation basis, and the minimum amounts under erisa to avoid benefit restrictions and at-risk status thereafter. the remaining qualified pension plans’ contributions are generally based on the estimated minimum pension contributions required under erisa and the pension protection act of 2006, as well as contributions necessary to avoid benefit restrictions and at-risk status. these amounts represent estimates that are based on assumptions that are subject to change. the minimum required contributions for years after 2022 are not included. see note
17—retirement benefits of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further information regarding estimated future pension benefit payments.
generation payment due within total   2017                            2018-                 2020-        due 2022
capital leases                                     22                 5                    11                     6               —
construction commitments (f)                      317               276                    41                     —               —
(a)   interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2016 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances. variable rate interest obligations are estimated based on rates as of december 31, 2016.
(b)   excludes generation’s contingent operating lease payments associated with contracted generation agreements. these amounts are included within purchase power obligations.
(c)                   purchase power obligations include contingent operating lease payments associated with contracted generation agreements. amounts presented represent generation’s expected payments under these arrangements at december 31, 2016, including those related to ceng. expected payments include certain fixed capacity charges which may be reduced based on plant availability. expected payments exclude renewable ppa contracts that are contingent in nature.
(d)   represents commitments to purchase fuel supplies for nuclear and fossil generation.
(e)                                       represents the future estimated value at december 31, 2016 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between the registrants and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
(f)   represents commitments for generation’s ongoing investments in new natural gas and biomass generation construction. amount includes $139 million of remaining commitments related to the construction of new combined-cycle gas turbine units in texas. achievement of commercial operations related to this project is expected in 2017.
(g)   see note 24—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for further information regarding snf obligations.
comed payment due within total   2017                        2018-               2020-        due 2022
liability and interest for uncertain tax positions           300             300                   —                   —               —
capital leases                                                 8               —                   —                   —               8
electric supply procurement                                  733             461                 272                   —               —
commitments (d)
pjm regional transmission expansion commitments               97              64                  33                   —               —
(b)   interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2016 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances. variable rate interest obligations are estimated based on rates as of december 31, 2016. includes estimated interest payments due to the comed financing trust.
(c)   while the final calculation of tax, penalties and interest has not yet been finalized by the irs, exelon estimates that a payment of approximately $1.4 billion related to the like-kind exchange will be due, including $300 million from comed, in the second quarter of 2017.
(d)                 primarily related to comed 20-year contracts for renewable energy and recs beginning in june 2012. comed is permitted to recover its renewable energy and rec costs from retail customers with no mark-up. the commitments represent the maximum settlements with suppliers for renewable energy and recs under the existing contract terms. see note 3—regulatory matters of combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(e)                                       represents the future estimated value at december 31, 2016 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between the registrants and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
(f)   under its operating agreement with pjm, comed is committed to the construction of transmission facilities to maintain system reliability. these amounts represent comed’s expected portion of the costs to pay for the completion of the required construction projects. see note 3—regulatory matters of combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
peco payment due within total   2017                      2018-             2020-        due 2022
electric supply procurement (d)                           481           397                  84                 —           —
aec purchase commitments (d)                                8             2                   4                 2           —
pjm regional transmission expansion commitments            34            14                  17                 3           —
(b)   interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2016 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances.
(c)   includes estimated cash payments for service fees related to peco’s meter reading operating lease.
(d)   represents commitments to purchase natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity and services, procure electric supply, and purchase aecs.
(e)                                       represents the future estimated value at december 31, 2016 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between the registrants and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
(f)   under its operating agreement with pjm, peco is committed to the construction of transmission facilities to maintain system reliability. these amounts represent peco’s expected portion of the costs to pay for the completion of the required construction projects. see note 3—regulatory matters of combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
bge payment due within total   2017                        2018-             2020-        due 2022
electric supply procurement (c)                         1,228             758                 470                 —               —
curtailment services commitments (c)                       63              30                  31                 2               —
pjm regional transmission expansion commitments           226             113                  99                14               —
(b)   interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2016 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances.
(c)   represents commitments to purchase natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity and services, procure electric supply, and curtailment services.
(d)                                       represents the future estimated value at december 31, 2016 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between the registrants and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
(e)   under its operating agreement with pjm, bge is committed to the construction of transmission facilities to maintain system reliability. these amounts represent bge’s expected portion of the costs to pay for the completion of the required construction projects. see note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
phi payment due within total   2017                          2018-             2020-        due 2022
capital leases                                             39                12                  27                 —           —
commitments (b)
electric supply procurement (b)                         2,017             1,171                 832                14           —
curtailment services commitments (b)                       85                31                  49                 5           —
pjm regional transmission expansion commitments           260                89                 152                19           —
(a)   interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2016 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances.
(b)   represents commitments to purchase natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity and services, procure electric supply, and curtailment services.
(c)                                       represents the future estimated value at december 31, 2016 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between the registrants and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
(d)   under its operating agreement with pjm, phi is committed to the construction of transmission facilities to maintain system reliability. these amounts represent phi’s expected portion of the costs to pay for the completion of the required construction projects. see note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
pepco payment due within total   2017                          2018-             2020-        due 2022
capital leases                                             39                12                  27                 —           —
electric supply procurement (b)                           838               510                 328                 —           —
curtailment services commitments (b)                       36                19                  17                 —           —
pjm regional transmission expansion commitments           104                 6                  79                19           —
(a)   interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2016 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances.
(b)   represents commitments to purchase procure electric supply and curtailment services.
(c)                                       represents the future estimated value at december 31, 2016 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between the registrants and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
(d)   under its operating agreement with pjm, pepco is committed to the construction of transmission facilities to maintain system reliability. these amounts represent pepco’s expected portion of the costs to pay for the completion of the required construction projects. see note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
dpl payment due within total   2017                      2018-             2020-        due 2022
long-term renewable energy and associated rec commitments         143              28                57                58               —
electric supply procurement (b)                                   627             334               279                14               —
curtailment services commitments (b)                               40              10                26                 4               —
pjm regional transmission expansion commitments                    63              47                16                 —               —
(a)   interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2016 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances.
(b)   represents commitments to purchase natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity and services, procure electric renewable energy and recs, procure electric supply, and curtailment services.
(c)                                       represents the future estimated value at december 31, 2016 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between the registrants and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
(d)   under its operating agreement with pjm, dpl is committed to the construction of transmission facilities to maintain system reliability. these amounts represent dpl’s expected portion of the costs to pay for the completion of the required construction projects. see note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
ace payment due within total   2017                    2018-             2020-        due 2022
electric supply procurement (b)                         552           327               225                 —               —
curtailment services commitments (b)                      9             2                 6                 1               —
pjm regional transmission expansion commitments          93            36                57                 —               —
(a)   interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2016 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances.
(b)   represents commitments to procure electric supply and curtailment services.
(c)                                       represents the future estimated value at december 31, 2016 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between the registrants and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
(d)   under its operating agreement with pjm, ace is committed to the construction of transmission facilities to maintain system reliability. these amounts represent ace’s expected portion of the costs to pay for the completion of the required construction projects. see note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
see note 24—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for discussion of the registrants’ other commitments potentially triggered by future events.
for additional information regarding:
•   commercial paper, see note 14—debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
•   long-term debt, see note 14—debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
•   liabilities related to uncertain tax positions, see note 15—income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
•   capital lease obligations, see note 14—debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
•   operating leases and rate relief commitments, see note 24—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
•   the nuclear decommissioning and snf obligations, see notes 16—asset retirement obligations and 24—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
•   regulatory commitments, see note 3—regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
•   variable interest entities, see note 2—variable interest entities of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
•   nuclear insurance, see note 24—commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
•   new accounting pronouncements, see note 1—significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
item 7.   management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
generation general generation’s integrated business consists of the generation, physical delivery and marketing of power across multiple geographical regions through its customer-facing business, constellation, which sells electricity and natural gas to both wholesale and retail customers. generation also sells renewable energy and other energy-related products and services, and engages in natural gas and oil exploration and production activities. generation has six reportable segments consisting of the mid-atlantic, midwest, new england, new york, ercot and other power regions. these segments are discussed in further detail in “item 1. business—exelon generation company, llc” of this form 10-k.executive overview a discussion of items pertinent to generation’s executive overview is set forth under “item 7. management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations—exelon corporation—executive overview” of this form 10-k.results of operations year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015 and year ended december 31, 2015 compared to year ended december 31, 2014
a discussion of generation’s results of operations for 2016 compared to 2015 and 2015 compared to 2014 is set forth under “results of operations—generation” in “exelon corporation—results of operations” of this form 10-k.liquidity and capital resources generation’s business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. generation’s capital resources are primarily provided by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, external financing, including the issuance of long-term debt, commercial paper, participation in the intercompany money pool or capital contributions from exelon. generation’s access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. if these conditions deteriorate to where generation no longer has access to the capital markets at reasonable terms, generation has access to credit facilities in the aggregate of $5.8 billion that generation currently utilizes to support its commercial paper program and to issue letters of credit.
see “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” and note 14—debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further discussion.
capital resources are used primarily to fund generation’s capital requirements, including construction, retirement of debt, the payment of distributions to exelon, contributions to exelon’s pension plans and investments in new and existing ventures. future acquisitions could require external financing or borrowings or capital contributions from exelon.
cash flows from operating activities a discussion of items pertinent to generation’s cash flows from operating activities is set forth under “cash flows from operating activities” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.
cash flows from investing activities a discussion of items pertinent to generation’s cash flows from investing activities is set forth under “cash flows from investing activities” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.cash flows from financing activities a discussion of items pertinent to generation’s cash flows from financing activities is set forth under “cash flows from financing activities” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.credit matters a discussion of credit matters pertinent to generation is set forth under “credit matters” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements a discussion of generation’s contractual obligations, commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under “contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.critical accounting policies and estimates see all registrants—critical accounting policies and estimates above for a discussion of generation’s critical accounting policies and estimates.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1—significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements.
item 7.   management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
comed general comed operates in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of distribution and transmission services to retail customers in northern illinois, including the city of chicago. this segment is discussed in further detail in “item 1. business—comed” of this form 10-k.executive overview a discussion of items pertinent to comed’s executive overview is set forth under “exelon corporation—executive overview” of this form 10-k.
a discussion of comed’s results of operations for 2016 compared to 2015 and for 2015 compared to 2014 is set forth under “results of operations—comed” in “exelon corporation—results of operations” of this form 10-k.liquidity and capital resources comed’s business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. comed’s capital resources are primarily provided by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, external financing, including the issuance of long-term debt, commercial paper or credit facility borrowings. comed’s access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. at december 31, 2016, comed had access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $1 billion.
see “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” and note 14—debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further discussion.
capital resources are used primarily to fund comed’s capital requirements, including construction, retirement of debt, and contributions to exelon’s pension plans. additionally, comed operates in rate-regulated environments in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited and where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time.
cash flows from operating activities a discussion of items pertinent to comed’s cash flows from operating activities is set forth under “cash flows from operating activities” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.cash flows from investing activities a discussion of items pertinent to comed’s cash flows from investing activities is set forth under “cash flows from investing activities” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.
cash flows from financing activities a discussion of items pertinent to comed’s cash flows from financing activities is set forth under “cash flows from financing activities” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.credit matters a discussion of credit matters pertinent to comed is set forth under “credit matters” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements a discussion of comed’s contractual obligations, commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under “contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.critical accounting policies and estimates see all registrants—critical accounting policies and estimates above for a discussion of comed’s critical accounting policies and estimates.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1—significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements.
item 7.   management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
peco general peco operates in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of distribution and transmission services in southeastern pennsylvania including the city of philadelphia, and the purchase and regulated retail sale of natural gas and the provision of distribution service in pennsylvania in the counties surrounding the city of philadelphia. this segment is discussed in further detail in “item 1. business—peco” of this form 10-k.executive overview a discussion of items pertinent to peco’s executive overview is set forth under “exelon corporation—executive overview” of this form 10-k.
a discussion of peco’s results of operations for 2016 compared to 2015 and for 2015 compared to 2014 is set forth under “results of operations—peco” in “exelon corporation—results of operations” of this form 10-k.liquidity and capital resources peco’s business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. peco’s capital resources are primarily provided by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, external financing, including the issuance of long-term debt, commercial paper or participation in the intercompany money pool. peco’s access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. if these conditions deteriorate to where peco no longer has access to the capital markets at reasonable terms, peco has access to a revolving credit facility. at december 31, 2016, peco had access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $600 million.
see “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” and note 14—debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further discussion.
capital resources are used primarily to fund peco’s capital requirements, including construction, retirement of debt, the payment of dividends and contributions to exelon’s pension plans. additionally, peco operates in a rate-regulated environment in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited and where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time.
cash flows from operating activities a discussion of items pertinent to peco’s cash flows from operating activities is set forth under “cash flows from operating activities” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.
cash flows from investing activities a discussion of items pertinent to peco’s cash flows from investing activities is set forth under “cash flows from investing activities” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.cash flows from financing activities a discussion of items pertinent to peco’s cash flows from financing activities is set forth under “cash flows from financing activities” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.credit matters a discussion of credit matters pertinent to peco is set forth under “credit matters” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements a discussion of peco’s contractual obligations, commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under “contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.critical accounting policies and estimates see all registrants—critical accounting policies and estimates above for a discussion of peco’s critical accounting policies and estimates.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1—significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements.
item 7.   management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
bge general bge operates in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of distribution and transmission services in central maryland, including the city of baltimore, and the purchase and regulated retail sale of natural gas and the provision of distribution service in central maryland, including the city of baltimore. this segment is discussed in further detail in “item 1. business—bge” of this form 10-k.executive overview a discussion of items pertinent to bge’s executive overview is set forth under “exelon corporation—executive overview” of this form 10-k.
a discussion of bge’s results of operations for 2016 compared to 2015 and for 2015 compared to 2014 is set forth under “results of operations—bge” in “exelon corporation—results of operations” of this form 10-k.liquidity and capital resources bge’s business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. bge’s capital resources are primarily provided by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, external financing, including the issuance of long-term debt or commercial paper. bge’s access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. if these conditions deteriorate to where bge no longer has access to the capital markets at reasonable terms, bge has access to a revolving credit facility. at december 31, 2016, bge had access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $600 million.
see “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” and note 14—debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further discussion.
capital resources are used primarily to fund bge’s capital requirements, including construction, retirement of debt, the payment of dividends and contributions to exelon’s pension plans. additionally, bge operates in a rate-regulated environment in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited and where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time.
cash flows from operating activities a discussion of items pertinent to bge’s cash flows from operating activities is set forth under “cash flows from operating activities” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.
cash flows from investing activities a discussion of items pertinent to bge’s cash flows from investing activities is set forth under “cash flows from investing activities” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.cash flows from financing activities a discussion of items pertinent to bge’s cash flows from financing activities is set forth under “cash flows from financing activities” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.credit matters a discussion of credit matters pertinent to bge is set forth under “credit matters” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements a discussion of bge’s contractual obligations, commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under “contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.critical accounting policies and estimates see all registrants—critical accounting policies and estimates above for a discussion of bge’s critical accounting policies and estimates.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1—significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements.
item 7.   management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
phi general phi has three reportable segments pepco, dpl, and ace. its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of distribution and transmission services, and to a lesser extent, the purchase and regulated retail sale and supply of natural gas in delaware. this segment is discussed in further detail in “item 1. business—phi” of this form 10-k.executive overview a discussion of items pertinent to phi’s executive overview is set forth under “exelon corporation—executive overview” of this form 10-k.
a discussion of phi’s results of operations for march 24, 2016 to december 31, 2016 and january 1, 2016 to march 23, 2016 and 2015 compared to 2014 is set forth under “results of operations—phi” in “exelon corporation—results of operations” of this form 10-k.liquidity and capital resources phi’s business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. phi’s capital resources are primarily provided by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, external financing, including the issuance of long-term debt or commercial paper, borrowings from the exelon money pool or capital contributions from exelon. phi’s access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general.
see “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” and note 14—debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further discussion.
capital resources are used primarily to fund phi’s capital requirements, including construction, retirement of debt, the payment of dividends and contributions to exelon’s pension plans. additionally, phi operates in a rate-regulated environment in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited and where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time.
cash flows from operating activities a discussion of items pertinent to phi’s cash flows from operating activities is set forth under “cash flows from operating activities” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.cash flows from investing activities a discussion of items pertinent to phi’s cash flows from investing activities is set forth under “cash flows from investing activities” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.
cash flows from financing activities a discussion of items pertinent to phi’s cash flows from financing activities is set forth under “cash flows from financing activities” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.credit matters a discussion of credit matters pertinent to phi is set forth under “credit matters” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements a discussion of phi’s contractual obligations, commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under “contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.critical accounting policies and estimates see all registrants—critical accounting policies and estimates above for a discussion of phi’s critical accounting policies and estimates.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1—significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements.
item 7.   management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
pepco general pepco operates in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of distribution and transmission services to retail customers in district of columbia and major portions of prince george’s county and montgomery county in maryland. this segment is discussed in further detail in “item 1. business—pepco” of this form 10-k.executive overview a discussion of items pertinent to pepco’s executive overview is set forth under “exelon corporation—executive overview” of this form 10-k.
a discussion of pepco’s results of operations for 2016 compared to 2015 and for 2015 compared to 2014 is set forth under “results of operations—pepco” in “exelon corporation—results of operations” of this form 10-k.liquidity and capital resources pepco’s business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. pepco’s capital resources are primarily provided by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, external financing, including the issuance of long-term debt, commercial paper or credit facility borrowings. pepco’s access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. at december 31, 2016, pepco had access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $300 million.
see “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” and note 14—debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further discussion.
capital resources are used primarily to fund pepco’s capital requirements, including construction, retirement of debt, and contributions to exelon’s pension plans. additionally, pepco operates in rate-regulated environments in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited and where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time.
cash flows from operating activities a discussion of items pertinent to pepco’s cash flows from operating activities is set forth under “cash flows from operating activities” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.
cash flows from investing activities a discussion of items pertinent to pepco’s cash flows from investing activities is set forth under “cash flows from investing activities” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.cash flows from financing activities a discussion of items pertinent to pepco’s cash flows from financing activities is set forth under “cash flows from financing activities” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.credit matters a discussion of credit matters pertinent to pepco is set forth under “credit matters” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements a discussion of pepco’s contractual obligations, commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under “contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.critical accounting policies and estimates see all registrants—critical accounting policies and estimates above for a discussion of pepco’s critical accounting policies and estimates.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1—significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements.
item 7.   management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
dpl general dpl operates in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of distribution and transmission services in portions of maryland and delaware, and the purchase and regulated retail sale and supply of natural gas in new castle county, delaware. this segment is discussed in further detail in “item 1. business—dpl” of this form 10-k.executive overview a discussion of items pertinent to dpl’s executive overview is set forth under “exelon corporation—executive overview” of this form 10-k.
a discussion of dpl’s results of operations for 2016 compared to 2015 and for 2015 compared to 2014 is set forth under “results of operations—dpl” in “exelon corporation—results of operations” of this form 10-k.liquidity and capital resources dpl’s business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. dpl’s capital resources are primarily provided by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, external financing, including the issuance of long-term debt or commercial paper. dpl’s access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. if these conditions deteriorate to where dpl no longer has access to the capital markets at reasonable terms, dpl has access to a revolving credit facility. at december 31, 2016, dpl had access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $300 million.
see “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” and note 14—debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further discussion.
capital resources are used primarily to fund dpl’s capital requirements, including construction, retirement of debt, the payment of dividends and contributions to exelon’s pension plans. additionally, dpl operates in a rate-regulated environment in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited and where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time.
cash flows from operating activities a discussion of items pertinent to dpl’s cash flows from operating activities is set forth under “cash flows from operating activities” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.
cash flows from investing activities a discussion of items pertinent to dpl’s cash flows from investing activities is set forth under “cash flows from investing activities” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.cash flows from financing activities a discussion of items pertinent to dpl’s cash flows from financing activities is set forth under “cash flows from financing activities” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.credit matters a discussion of credit matters pertinent to dpl is set forth under “credit matters” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements a discussion of dpl’s contractual obligations, commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under “contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.critical accounting policies and estimates see all registrants—critical accounting policies and estimates above for a discussion of dpl’s critical accounting policies and estimates.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1—significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements.
item 7.   management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
ace general ace operates in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of distribution and transmission services to retail customers in portions of southern new jersey. this segment is discussed in further detail in “item 1. business—ace” of this form 10-k.executive overview a discussion of items pertinent to ace’s executive overview is set forth under “exelon corporation—executive overview” of this form 10-k.
a discussion of ace’s results of operations for 2016 compared to 2015 and for 2015 compared to 2014 is set forth under “results of operations—ace” in “exelon corporation—results of operations” of this form 10-k.liquidity and capital resources ace’s business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. ace’s capital resources are primarily provided by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, external financing, including the issuance of long-term debt, commercial paper or credit facility borrowings. ace’s access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. at december 31, 2016, ace had access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $300 million.
see “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” and note 14—debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further discussion.
capital resources are used primarily to fund ace’s capital requirements, including construction, retirement of debt, and contributions to exelon’s pension plans. additionally, ace operates in rate-regulated environments in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited and where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time.
cash flows from operating activities a discussion of items pertinent to ace’s cash flows from operating activities is set forth under “cash flows from operating activities” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.
cash flows from investing activities a discussion of items pertinent to ace’s cash flows from investing activities is set forth under “cash flows from investing activities” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.cash flows from financing activities a discussion of items pertinent to ace’s cash flows from financing activities is set forth under “cash flows from financing activities” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.credit matters a discussion of credit matters pertinent to ace is set forth under “credit matters” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements a discussion of ace’s contractual obligations, commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under “contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements” in “exelon corporation—liquidity and capital resources” of this form 10-k.critical accounting policies and estimates see all registrants—critical accounting policies and estimates above for a discussion of ace’s critical accounting policies and estimates.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1—significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements.