item 1a. risk factors.
we have listed below (not necessarily in order of importance or probability of occurrence) the most significant risk factors applicable to us:
decline in industry sales volume, particularly in the united states, europe, or china, due to financial crisis, recession, geopolitical events, or other factors.  because we, like other manufacturers, have a high proportion of relatively fixed structural costs, relatively small changes in industry sales volume can have a substantial effect on our cash flow and profitability. if industry vehicle sales were to decline to levels significantly below our planning assumption, particularly in the united states, europe, or china, due to financial crisis, recession, geopolitical events, or other factors, the decline could have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flow. for discussion of economic trends, see the "overview" section of item 7.
lower-than-anticipated market acceptance of ford's new or existing products or services, or failure to achieve expected growth. although we conduct extensive market research before launching new or refreshed vehicles and introducing new services, many factors both within and outside our control affect the success of new or existing products and services in the marketplace.  offering vehicles and services that customers want and value can mitigate the risks of increasing price competition and declining demand, but products and services that are perceived to be less desirable (whether in terms of price, quality, styling, safety, overall value, fuel efficiency, or other attributes) can exacerbate these risks. with increased consumer interconnectedness through the internet, social media, and other media, mere allegations relating to quality, safety, fuel efficiency, corporate social responsibility, or other key attributes can negatively impact our reputation or market acceptance of our products or services, even where such allegations prove to be inaccurate or unfounded. further, our ability to successfully grow through investments in the area of emerging opportunities depends on many factors, including advancements in technology, regulatory changes, and other factors that are difficult to predict, that may significantly affect the future of electrification, autonomy, and mobility.
market shift away from sales of larger, more profitable vehicles beyond ford's current planning assumption, particularly in the united states. a shift in consumer preferences away from larger, more profitable vehicles at levels beyond our current planning assumption-whether because of spiking fuel prices, a decline in the construction industry, government actions or incentives, or other reasons-could result in an immediate and substantial adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
continued or increased price competition resulting from industry excess capacity, currency fluctuations, or other factors. the global automotive industry is intensely competitive, with manufacturing capacity far exceeding current demand. according to the december 2016 report issued by ihs automotive, the global automotive industry is estimated to have had excess capacity of about 32 million units in 2016. industry overcapacity has resulted in many manufacturers offering marketing incentives on vehicles in an attempt to maintain and grow market share; these incentives historically have included a combination of subsidized financing or leasing programs, price rebates, and other incentives. as a result, we are not necessarily able to set our prices to offset higher costs of marketing incentives, commodity or other cost increases, or the impact of adverse currency fluctuations, including pricing advantages foreign competitors may have because of their weaker home market currencies. continuation of or increased excess capacity could have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
item 1a. risk factors (continued)
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, and interest rates. as a resource-intensive manufacturing operation, we are exposed to a variety of market and asset risks, including the effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, and interest rates. we monitor and manage these exposures as an integral part of our overall risk management program, which recognizes the unpredictability of markets and seeks to reduce potentially adverse effects on our business. nevertheless, changes in currency exchange rates, commodity prices, and interest rates cannot always be predicted or hedged. in addition, because of intense price competition and our high level of fixed costs, we may not be able to address such changes even if foreseeable. as a result, substantial unfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, or interest rates could have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. see "overview" to item 7 and item 7a for additional discussion of currency, commodity price, and interest rate risks.
adverse effects resulting from economic, geopolitical, protectionist trade policies, or other events. with the increasing interconnectedness of global economic and financial systems, a financial crisis, natural disaster, geopolitical crisis, or other significant event in one area of the world can have an immediate and material adverse impact on markets around the world.  concerns persist regarding the overall stability of the european union, given the diverse economic and political circumstances of individual european currency area ("euro area") countries.  these concerns have been exacerbated by brexit, which, among other things, has resulted in a weaker sterling versus u.s. dollar and euro. we have a sterling revenue exposure and a euro cost exposure; a sustained weakening of sterling against euro may have an adverse effect on our profitability. further, the united kingdom may be at risk of losing access to free trade agreements for goods and services with the european union and other countries, which may result in increased tariffs on u.k. imports and exports that could have an adverse effect on our profitability.
fce bank plc ("fce"), our subsidiary, is a bank authorized by the u.k. government to carry on a range of regulated activities within the united kingdom and through a branch network in 11 other european countries through a passporting system, which allows it to establish or provide its services in the eu27 without further authorization requirements.  if passporting arrangements cease to be effective as a result of brexit, fce could be required to reconsider its structure or seek additional authorizations to continue to do business in the eu27, which may be time-consuming and costly.
the economic and policy uncertainty on-going in the euro area highlights potential longer-term risks regarding its sustainability.  this uncertainty could cause financial and capital markets within and outside europe to constrict, thereby negatively impacting our ability to finance our business or, if a country within the euro area were to default on its debt or withdraw from the euro currency, or--in a more extreme circumstance-the euro currency were to be dissolved entirely, the impact on markets around the world, and on ford's global business, could be immediate and significant.
in addition, we have operations in various markets with volatile economic or political environments and are pursuing growth opportunities in a number of newly developed and emerging markets.  these investments may expose us to heightened risks of economic, geopolitical, or other events, including governmental takeover (i.e., nationalization) of our manufacturing facilities or intellectual property, restrictive exchange or import controls, disruption of operations as a result of systemic political or economic instability, outbreak of war or expansion of hostilities, and acts of terrorism, each of which could have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.  further, the u.s. government, other governments, and international organizations could impose additional sanctions that could restrict us from doing business directly or indirectly in or with certain countries or parties, which could include affiliates.
work stoppages at ford or supplier facilities or other limitations on production (whether as a result of labor disputes, natural or man-made disasters, tight credit markets or other financial distress, production constraints or difficulties, or other factors). a work stoppage or other limitation on production could occur at ford or supplier facilities for any number of reasons, including as a result of disputes under existing collective bargaining agreements with labor unions or in connection with negotiation of new collective bargaining agreements, or as a result of supplier financial distress or other production constraints or difficulties, or for other reasons. a work stoppage or other limitations on production at ford or supplier facilities for any reason (including but not limited to labor disputes, natural or man-made disasters, tight credit markets or other financial distress, or production constraints or difficulties) could have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
item 1a. risk factors (continued)
single-source supply of components or materials. many components used in our vehicles are available only from a single supplier and cannot be re-sourced quickly or inexpensively to another supplier (due to long lead times, new contractual commitments that may be required by another supplier before ramping up to provide the components or materials, etc.). in addition to the general risks described above regarding interruption of supplies, which are exacerbated in the case of single-source suppliers, the exclusive supplier of a key component potentially could exert significant bargaining power over price, quality, warranty claims, or other terms relating to a component.
labor or other constraints on ford's ability to maintain competitive cost structure. substantially all of the hourly employees in our automotive operations in the united states and canada are represented by unions and covered by collective bargaining agreements.  these agreements provide guaranteed wage and benefit levels throughout the contract term and some degree of income security, subject to certain conditions. as a practical matter, these agreements may restrict our ability to close plants and divest businesses.  a substantial number of our employees in other regions are represented by unions or government councils, and legislation or custom promoting retention of manufacturing or other employment in the state, country, or region may constrain as a practical matter our ability to sell or close manufacturing or other facilities.
substantial pension and other postretirement liabilities impairing liquidity or financial condition. we have defined benefit retirement plans in the united states that cover many of our hourly and salaried employees. we also provide pension benefits to non-u.s. employees and retirees, primarily in europe. in addition, we and certain of our subsidiaries sponsor plans to provide other postretirement benefits ("opeb") for retired employees (primarily health care and life insurance benefits). see note 13 of the notes to the financial statements for more information about these plans. these benefit plans impose significant liabilities on us and could require us to make additional cash contributions, which could impair our liquidity. if our cash flows and capital resources were insufficient to meet any pension or opeb obligations, we could be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, suspend dividend payments, seek additional capital, or restructure or refinance our indebtedness.
worse-than-assumed economic and demographic experience for pension and other postretirement benefit plans (e.g., discount rates or investment returns). the measurement of our obligations, costs, and liabilities associated with benefits pursuant to our pension and other postretirement benefit plans requires that we estimate the present value of projected future payments to all participants. we use many assumptions in calculating these estimates, including assumptions related to discount rates, investment returns on designated plan assets, and demographic experience (e.g., mortality and retirement rates). we generally remeasure these estimates at each year end, and recognize any gains or losses associated with changes to our plan assets and liabilities in the year incurred. to the extent actual results are less favorable than our assumptions, we may recognize a substantial remeasurement loss in our results. for discussion of our assumptions, see "critical accounting estimates" in item 7 and note 13 of the notes to the financial statements.
restriction on use of tax attributes from tax law "ownership change."  section 382 of the u.s. internal revenue code restricts the ability of a corporation that undergoes an ownership change to use its tax attributes, including net operating losses and tax credits ("tax attributes").  for these purposes, an ownership change occurs if 5 percent shareholders of an issuer's outstanding common stock, collectively, increase their ownership percentage by more than 50 percentage points over a rolling three-year period. at december 31, 2016, we had tax attributes that would offset more than $15 billion of taxable income. in 2015, we renewed for an additional three-year period our tax benefit preservation plan (the "plan") to reduce the risk of an ownership change under section 382. under the plan, shares held by any person who acquires, without the approval of our board of directors, beneficial ownership of 4.99% or more of our outstanding common stock could be subject to significant dilution. our shareholders approved the renewal at our annual meeting in may 2016.
item 1a. risk factors (continued)
the discovery of defects in vehicles resulting in delays in new model launches, recall campaigns, or increased warranty costs. government safety standards require manufacturers to remedy defects related to vehicle safety through safety recall campaigns, and a manufacturer is obligated to recall vehicles if it determines that the vehicles do not comply with a safety standard. nhtsa's enforcement strategy has shifted to a significant increase in civil penalties levied and the use of consent orders requiring direct oversight by nhtsa of certain manufacturers' safety processes, a trend that could continue. should we or government safety regulators determine that a safety or other defect or a noncompliance exists with respect to certain of our vehicles prior to the start of production, the launch of such vehicle could be delayed until such defect is remedied. the costs associated with any protracted delay in new model launches necessary to remedy such defects, or the cost of recall campaigns or warranty costs to remedy such defects in vehicles that have been sold, could be substantial. such recall and customer satisfaction actions may relate to defective components we receive from suppliers. the cost to complete a recall or customer satisfaction action could be exacerbated to the extent such action relates to a global platform. furthermore, launch delays or recall actions could adversely affect our reputation or market acceptance of our products as discussed above under "lower-than-anticipated market acceptance of ford's new or existing products or services, or failure to achieve expected growth."
increased safety, emissions, fuel economy, or other regulations resulting in higher costs, cash expenditures, and/or sales restrictions. the worldwide automotive industry is governed by a substantial amount of government regulation, which often differs by state, region, and country. government regulation has arisen, and proposals for additional regulation are advanced, primarily out of concern for the environment (including concerns about the possibility of global climate change and its impact), vehicle safety, and energy independence. for example, as discussed above under "item 1. business - governmental standards," in the united states the cafe standards for light duty vehicles increase sharply to 51.4 mpg by the 2025 model year; epa's parallel co2 emission regulations impose similar standards. california's zev rules also mandate steep increases in the sale of electric vehicles and other advanced technology vehicles beginning in the 2018 model year. in addition, many governments regulate local product content and/or impose import requirements as a means of creating jobs, protecting domestic producers, and influencing the balance of payments.
in recent years, we have made significant changes to our product cycle plan to improve the overall fuel economy of vehicles we produce, thereby reducing their ghg emissions. there are limits on our ability to achieve fuel economy improvements over a given time frame, however, primarily relating to the cost and effectiveness of available technologies, consumer acceptance of new technologies and changes in vehicle mix, willingness of consumers to absorb the additional costs of new technologies, the appropriateness (or lack thereof) of certain technologies for use in particular vehicles, the widespread availability (or lack thereof) of supporting infrastructure for new technologies, and the human, engineering, and financial resources necessary to deploy new technologies across a wide range of products and powertrains in a short time. the current fuel economy, co2, and zev standards will be difficult to meet if fuel prices remain relatively low and market conditions do not drive consumers to purchase electric vehicles and other highly fuel-efficient vehicles in large numbers.
the u.s. government has pursued an enforcement action against a major competitor in connection with its alleged use of "defeat devices" in hundreds of thousands of light duty diesel vehicles, collecting billions of dollars for environmental remediation projects and civil penalties.  several of the competitor's employees have been indicted on charges of committing federal crimes.  the competitor also faces various class action suits, as well as numerous claims and investigations by various u.s. states and other nations. the emergence of this issue has led to increased scrutiny of automaker emission testing by regulators around the world, which in turn has triggered investigations of other manufacturers. these events may lead to new regulations, more stringent enforcement programs, requests for field actions, and/or delays in regulatory approvals. the cost to comply with existing government regulations is substantial and additional regulations or changes in consumer preferences that affect vehicle mix could have a substantial adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. for more discussion of the impact of such standards on our global business, see the "governmental standards" discussion in "item 1. business" above. in addition, a number of governments, as well as non-governmental organizations, publicly assess vehicles to their own protocols. the protocols could change aggressively, and any negative perception regarding the performance of our vehicles subjected to such tests could reduce future sales.
item 1a. risk factors (continued)
unusual or significant litigation, governmental investigations, or adverse publicity arising out of alleged defects in products, perceived environmental impacts, or otherwise. we spend substantial resources ensuring that we comply with governmental safety regulations, mobile and stationary source emissions regulations, and other standards. compliance with governmental standards, however, does not necessarily prevent individual or class actions, which can entail significant cost and risk. in certain circumstances, courts may permit tort claims even where our vehicles comply with federal and/or other applicable law. furthermore, simply responding to actual or threatened litigation or government investigations of our compliance with regulatory standards, whether related to our products or business or commercial relationships, may require significant expenditures of time and other resources. litigation also is inherently uncertain, and we could experience significant adverse results. in addition, adverse publicity surrounding an allegation may cause significant reputational harm that could have a significant adverse effect on our sales.
adverse effects on results from a decrease in or cessation or clawback of government incentives related to investments. we receive economic benefits from national, state, and local governments in various regions of the world in the form of incentives designed to encourage manufacturers to establish, maintain, or increase investment, workforce, or production. these incentives may take various forms, including grants, loan subsidies, and tax abatements or credits. the impact of these incentives can be significant in a particular market during a reporting period. for example, most of our manufacturing facilities in south america are located in brazil, where the state or federal governments have historically offered, and continue to offer, significant incentives to manufacturers to encourage capital investment, increase manufacturing production, and create jobs. as a result, the performance of our south american operations has been impacted favorably by government incentives to a substantial extent. in brazil, however, the federal government has levied assessments against us concerning our calculation of federal incentives we received, and certain states have challenged the grant to us of tax incentives by the state of bahia, including a constitutional challenge of state incentives that is pending in brazil's supreme court. a decrease in, expiration without renewal of, or other cessation or clawback of government incentives for any of our business units, as a result of administrative decision or otherwise, could have a substantial adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. see note 2 of the notes to the financial statements for discussion of our accounting for government incentives, and "item 3. legal proceedings" for a discussion of tax proceedings in brazil and the potential requirement for us to post collateral.
cybersecurity risks to operational systems, security systems, or infrastructure owned by ford, ford credit, or a third-party vendor or supplier. we are at risk for interruptions, outages, and breaches of: (i) operational systems (including business, financial, accounting, product development, consumer receivables, data processing, or manufacturing processes); (ii) facility security systems; and/or (iii) in-vehicle systems or mobile devices. such cyber incidents could materially disrupt operational systems; result in loss of trade secrets or other proprietary or competitively sensitive information; compromise personally identifiable information of customers, employees, or others; jeopardize the security of our facilities; and/or affect the performance of in-vehicle systems. a cyber incident could be caused by malicious third parties using sophisticated, targeted methods to circumvent firewalls, encryption, and other security defenses, including hacking, fraud, trickery, or other forms of deception. the techniques used by third parties change frequently and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time. a significant cyber incident could impact production capability, harm our reputation and/or subject us to regulatory actions or litigation.
failure of financial institutions to fulfill commitments under committed credit and liquidity facilities. under our corporate credit facility), we are able to borrow, repay, and then re-borrow up to $13.4 billion. certain of our subsidiaries have standby or revolving credit facilities on which they depend for liquidity. if the financial institutions that provide commitments under the corporate credit facility, our subsidiaries' standby or revolving credit facilities, or other committed credit facilities were to default on their obligation to fund the commitments, these facilities would not be available to us, which could substantially adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition. for discussion of our credit agreement, see "liquidity and capital resources" in item 7 and note 14 of the notes to the financial statements.
item 1a. risk factors (continued)
inability of ford credit to access debt, securitization, or derivative markets around the world at competitive rates or in sufficient amounts, due to credit rating downgrades, market volatility, market disruption, regulatory requirements, or other factors. ford credit's ability to obtain unsecured funding at a reasonable cost is dependent on its credit ratings or its perceived creditworthiness. ford credit's ability to obtain securitized funding under its committed asset-backed liquidity programs and certain other asset-backed securitization transactions is subject to having a sufficient amount of assets eligible for these programs, as well as ford credit's ability to obtain appropriate credit ratings and, for certain committed programs, derivatives to manage the interest rate risk. over time, and particularly in the event of any credit rating downgrades, market volatility, market disruption, or other factors, ford credit may reduce the amount of receivables it purchases or originates because of funding constraints. in addition, ford credit may be limited in the amount of receivables it purchases or originates in certain countries or regions if the local capital markets, particularly in developing countries, do not exist or are not adequately developed. similarly, ford credit may reduce the amount of receivables it purchases or originates if there is a significant decline in the demand for the types of securities it offers or ford credit is unable to obtain derivatives to manage the interest rate risk associated with its securitization transactions. a significant reduction in the amount of receivables ford credit purchases or originates would significantly reduce its ongoing profits and could adversely affect its ability to support the sale of ford vehicles.
higher-than-expected credit losses, lower-than-anticipated residual values, or higher-than-expected return volumes for leased vehicles.  credit risk is the possibility of loss from a customer's or dealer's failure to make payments according to contract terms. credit risk (which is heavily dependent upon economic factors including unemployment, consumer debt service burden, personal income growth, dealer profitability, and used car prices) has a significant impact on ford credit's business. the level of credit losses ford credit may experience could exceed its expectations and adversely affect its financial condition and results of operations. in addition, ford credit projects expected residual values (including residual value support payments from ford) and return volumes for the vehicles it leases. actual proceeds realized by ford credit upon the sale of returned leased vehicles at lease termination may be lower than the amount projected, which would reduce the profitability of the lease transaction. among the factors that can affect the value of returned lease vehicles are the volume of vehicles returned, economic conditions, and quality or perceived quality, safety, fuel efficiency, or reliability of the vehicles. actual return volumes may be higher than expected and can be influenced by contractual lease-end values relative to auction values, marketing programs for new vehicles, and general economic conditions. each of these factors, alone or in combination, has the potential to adversely affect ford credit's profitability if actual results were to differ significantly from ford credit's projections. see "critical accounting estimates" in item 7 for additional discussion.
increased competition from banks, financial institutions, or other third parties seeking to increase their share of financing ford vehicles. no single company is a dominant force in the automotive finance industry. most of ford credit's competitors in the united states use credit aggregation systems that permit dealers to send, through standardized systems, retail credit applications to multiple finance sources to evaluate financing options offered by these sources. also, direct on-line or large dealer group financing options provide consumers with alternative finance sources and/or increased pricing transparency. all of these financing alternatives drive greater competition based on financing rates and terms. competition from such institutions and alternative finance sources could adversely affect ford credit's profitability and the volume of its retail business. in addition, ford credit may face increased competition on wholesale financing for ford dealers.
new or increased credit regulations, consumer or data protection regulations, or other regulations resulting in higher costs and/or additional financing restrictions. as a finance company, ford credit is highly regulated by governmental authorities in the locations in which it operates, which can impose significant additional costs and/or restrictions on its business.  in the united states, for example, ford credit's operations are subject to regulation, supervision, and licensing under various federal, state, and local laws and regulations, including the federal truth-in-lending act, consumer leasing act, equal credit opportunity act, and fair credit reporting act.
the dodd-frank act directs federal agencies to adopt rules to regulate the consumer finance industry and the capital markets and gives the consumer financial protection bureau ("cfpb") broad rule-making and enforcement authority for a wide range of consumer financial protection laws that regulate consumer finance businesses, such as ford credit's retail automotive financing business. exercise of these powers by the cfpb may increase the costs of, impose additional restrictions on, or otherwise adversely affect companies in the automotive finance business. the cfpb has authority to supervise and examine the largest nonbank automotive finance companies, such as ford credit, for compliance with consumer financial protection laws.
item 1a. risk factors (continued)
in some countries outside the united states, some of ford credit's subsidiaries are regulated banking institutions and are required, among other things, to maintain minimum capital and liquidity. in many other locations, governmental authorities require companies to have licenses in order to conduct financing businesses. compliance with these laws and regulations imposes additional costs on ford credit and affects the conduct of its business. additional regulation could add significant cost or operational constraints that might impair ford credit's profitability.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
overview beginning with the second quarter of 2016, we changed our reportable segments. prior-period amounts have been adjusted retrospectively to reflect the reportable segment change. see note 4 of the notes to the financial statements for additional information.
non-gaap financial measures that supplement gaap measures we use both generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") and non-gaap financial measures for operational and financial decision making, and to assess company and segment business performance. the non-gaap measures listed below are intended to be considered by users as supplemental information to their equivalent gaap measures, to aid investors in better understanding our financial results. we believe that these non-gaap measures provide useful perspective on underlying business results and trends, and a means to assess our period-over-period results. these non-gaap measures should not be considered as a substitute for, or superior to measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with gaap. these non-gaap measures may not be the same as similarly titled measures used by other companies due to possible differences in method and in items or events being adjusted.
•   total company adjusted pre-tax profit (most comparable gaap measure: net income attributable to ford) - the non-gaap measure is useful to management and investors because it allows users to evaluate our pre-tax results excluding pre-tax special items. pre-tax special items consist of (i) pension and other postretirement employee benefits ("opeb") remeasurement gains and losses that are not reflective of our underlying business results, (ii) significant restructuring actions related to our efforts to match production capacity and cost structure to market demand and changing model mix, and (iii) other items that we do not necessarily consider to be indicative of earnings from ongoing operating activities. when we provide guidance for adjusted pre-tax profit, we do not provide guidance on a net income basis because the gaap measure will include potentially significant special items that have not yet occurred and are difficult to predict with reasonable certainty prior to year-end, specifically pension and opeb remeasurement gains and losses.
•   adjusted earnings per share (most comparable gaap measure: earnings per share) - measure of company's diluted net earnings per share adjusted for impact of pre-tax special items (described above) and tax special items. the measure provides investors with useful information to evaluate performance of our business excluding items not indicative of the underlying run rate of our business. when we provide guidance for adjusted earnings per share, we do not provide guidance on an earnings per share basis because the gaap measure will include potentially significant special items that have not yet occurred and are difficult to predict with reasonable certainty prior to year-end, specifically pension and opeb remeasurement gains and losses.
•   adjusted effective tax rate (most comparable gaap measure: effective tax rate) - measure of company's tax rate excluding pre-tax special items (described above) and tax special items. the measure provides an ongoing effective rate which investors find useful for historical comparisons and for forecasting. when we provide guidance for adjusted effective tax rate, we do not provide guidance on an effective tax rate basis because the gaap measure will include potentially significant special items that have not yet occurred and are difficult to predict with reasonable certainty prior to year-end, specifically pension and opeb remeasurement gains and losses.
•   ford credit managed receivables (most comparable gaap measure: net finance receivables plus net investment in operating leases) - measure of ford credit's total net receivables, excluding unearned interest supplements and residual support, allowance for credit losses, and other (primarily accumulated supplemental depreciation). the measure is useful to management and investors as it closely approximates the customer's outstanding balance on the receivables, which is the basis for earning revenue.
•   ford credit managed leverage (most comparable gaap measure: financial statement leverage) - ford credit's debt-to-equity ratio adjusted (i) to exclude cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities (other than amounts related to insurance activities), and (ii) for derivative accounting. the measure is useful to investors because it reflects the way ford credit manages its business. cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities are deducted because they generally correspond to excess debt beyond the amount required to support operations and on-balance sheet securitization transactions. derivative accounting adjustments are made to asset, debt, and equity positions to reflect the impact of interest rate instruments used with ford credit's term-debt issuances and securitization transactions. ford credit generally repays its debt obligations as they mature, so the interim effects of changes in market interest rates are excluded in the calculation of managed leverage.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
revenue our automotive segment revenue is generated primarily by sales of vehicles, parts, and accessories; we generally treat sales and marketing incentives as a reduction to revenue. revenue is recorded when all risks and rewards of ownership are transferred to our customers (generally, our dealers and distributors). for the majority of sales, this occurs when products are shipped from our manufacturing facilities. this is not the case, however, with respect to vehicles produced for sale to daily rental car companies that are subject to a guaranteed repurchase option. these vehicles are accounted for as operating leases, with lease revenue and profits recognized over the term of the lease. proceeds from the sale of vehicles at auction are recognized in revenue at the time of sale.
most of the vehicles sold by us to our dealers and distributors are financed at wholesale by ford credit. upon ford credit originating the wholesale receivable related to a dealer's purchase of a vehicle, ford credit pays cash to the relevant automotive legal entity in payment of the dealer's obligation for the purchase price of the vehicle. the dealer then pays the wholesale finance receivable to ford credit when it sells the vehicle to a retail customer.
our financial services segment revenue is generated primarily from interest on finance receivables, net of certain deferred origination costs that are included as a reduction of financing revenue, and such revenue is recognized over the term of the receivable using the interest method. also, revenue from operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. income is generated to the extent revenues exceed expenses, most of which are interest, depreciation, and operating expenses.
transactions between our automotive and financial services segments occur in the ordinary course of business. for example, we offer special retail financing and lease incentives to dealers' customers who choose to finance or lease our vehicles from ford credit. the estimated cost for these incentives is recorded as revenue reduction to automotive sales at the later of the date the related vehicle sales to our dealers are recorded or the date the incentive program is both approved and communicated. in order to compensate ford credit for the lower interest or lease rates offered to the retail customer, we pay the discounted value of the incentive directly to ford credit when it originates the retail finance or lease contract with the dealer's customer. ford credit recognizes the amount over the life of retail finance contracts as an element of financing revenue and over the life of lease contracts as a reduction to depreciation. see note 1 of the notes to the financial statements for a more detailed discussion of transactions between our automotive and financial services segments.
costs and expenses our income statement classifies our automotive segment total costs and expenses into two categories: (i) cost of sales, and (ii) selling, administrative, and other expenses. we include within cost of sales those costs related to the development, manufacture, and distribution of our vehicles, parts, and accessories. specifically, we include in cost of sales each of the following: material costs (including commodity costs); freight costs; warranty, including product recall and customer satisfaction program costs; labor and other costs related to the development and manufacture of our products; depreciation and amortization; and other associated costs. we include within selling, administrative, and other expenses labor and other costs not directly related to the development and manufacture of our products, including such expenses as advertising and sales promotion costs.
certain of our costs, such as material costs, generally vary directly with changes in volume and mix of production. in our industry, production volume often varies significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year. quarterly production volumes experience seasonal shifts throughout the year (including peak retail sales seasons, and the impact on production of model changeover and new product launches). as we have seen in recent years, annual production volumes are heavily impacted by external economic factors, including the pace of economic growth and factors such as the availability of consumer credit and cost of fuel.
as a result, we analyze the profit impact of certain cost changes holding constant present-year volume and mix and currency exchange, in order to evaluate our cost trends absent the impact of varying production and currency exchange levels. we analyze these cost changes in the following categories:
•   contribution costs - these costs typically vary with production volume. these costs include material, commodity, warranty, and freight and duty costs.
•   structural costs - these costs typically do not have a directly proportionate relationship to production volume. these costs include manufacturing, engineering, spending-related, advertising and sales promotion, administrative and selling, and pension and opeb costs.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
while contribution costs generally vary directly in proportion to production volume, elements within our structural costs category are impacted to differing degrees by changes in production volume. we also have varying degrees of discretion when it comes to controlling the different elements within our structural costs. for example, depreciation and amortization expense largely is associated with prior capital spending decisions. on the other hand, while labor costs do not vary directly with production volume, manufacturing labor costs may be impacted by changes in volume, for example when we increase overtime, add a production shift or add personnel to support volume increases. other structural costs, such as advertising or engineering costs, do not necessarily have a directly proportionate relationship to production volume. our structural costs generally are within our discretion, although to varying degrees, and can be adjusted over time in response to external factors.
we consider certain structural costs to be a direct investment in future growth and revenue. for example, increases in structural costs are necessary to grow our business and improve profitability as we expand around the world, invest in new products and technologies, respond to increasing industry sales volume, and grow our market share.
cost of sales and selling, administrative, and other expenses for full-year 2016 were $138.8 billion. our automotive segment's material and commodity costs make up the largest portion of these costs and expenses, representing in 2016 about two-thirds of the total amount. structural costs are the largest piece of the remaining balance. although material costs are our largest absolute cost, our margins can be affected significantly by changes in any category of costs.
key economic factors and trends affecting the automotive industry currency exchange rate volatility. the u.s. federal reserve raised its policy interest rate in december 2016, a move which has been accompanied by an upward shift in longer term interest rates since november 2016. the related shifts in capital flows have contributed to downward pressure on both developed and emerging market currencies globally.  in some emerging markets, that pressure is aggravated by low commodity prices, high inflation, or unstable policy environments.   additionally, the yen, euro and pound have depreciated as a result of monetary policy easing by the central banks in those markets, as well as ongoing brexit negotiations in europe.  the weak yen, in particular, adds significant potential downward pressure on vehicle pricing across many markets globally.  in most markets, exchange rates are market-determined, and all are impacted by many different macroeconomic and policy factors, and thus likely to remain volatile.  however, in some markets, exchange rates are heavily influenced or controlled by governments.
excess capacity. according to ihs automotive, an automotive research firm, the estimated automotive industry global production capacity for light vehicles of about 125 million units exceeded global production by about 32 million units in 2016.  in north america and europe, two regions where a significant share of industry revenue is earned, excess capacity as a percent of production was an estimated 7% and 21%, respectively, in 2016.  in china, the auto industry also witnessed excess capacity at 48% of production in 2016, as manufacturers compete to capitalize on china's future market potential.  according to production capacity data projected by ihs automotive, global excess capacity conditions could continue for several years at an average of about 39 million units per year during the period from 2017 to 2021.
pricing pressure. excess capacity, coupled with a proliferation of new products being introduced in key segments, will keep pressure on manufacturers' ability to increase prices.  in north america, the industry restructuring of the past few years has allowed manufacturers to better match production with demand, although japanese and korean manufacturers also have capacity located outside of the region directed to north america.  in the future, chinese and indian manufacturers are expected to enter u.s. and european markets, further intensifying competition.  over the long term, intense competition and excess capacity will continue to put downward pressure on inflation-adjusted prices for similarly-contented vehicles in the united states and contribute to a challenging pricing environment for the automotive industry.  in europe, the excess capacity situation was exacerbated by weakening demand and the lack of reductions in existing capacity, such that negative pricing pressure is expected to continue for the foreseeable future.
commodity and energy price changes. the price of oil has increased since late 2016 as oil producing nations agreed to modest output reductions, although the average oil price for the year was below the 2015 level.  other commodity prices have begun to increase as well, with continued volatility likely.  over the longer term, commodity prices are likely to trend higher given expectations for global demand growth.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
vehicle profitability. our financial results depend on the profitability of the vehicles we sell, which may vary significantly by vehicle line. in general, larger vehicles tend to command higher prices and be more profitable than smaller vehicles, both across and within vehicle segments. for example, in north america, our larger, more profitable vehicles had an average contribution margin that was about 135% of our total average contribution margin across all vehicles, whereas our smaller vehicles had significantly lower contribution margins. in addition, government regulations aimed at reducing emissions and increasing fuel efficiency may increase the cost of vehicles by more than the perceived benefit to the consumer. given the backdrop of excess capacity, these regulations could dampen contribution margins.
trade policy. to the extent governments in various regions erect or intensify barriers to imports, or implement currency policy that advantages local exporters selling into the global marketplace, there can be a significant negative impact on manufacturers based in markets that promote free trade.  while we believe the long-term trend is toward the growth of free trade, we have noted with concern recent developments in a number of regions.  in asia pacific, for example, the recent dramatic depreciation of the yen significantly reduces the cost of exports into the united states, europe, and other global markets by japanese manufacturers.  over a period of time, the emerging weakness of the yen can contribute to other countries pursuing weak currency policies by intervening in the exchange rate markets.  this is particularly likely in other asian countries, such as south korea.  as another example, government actions in south america to incentivize local production and balance trade are driving trade frictions between south american countries and also with mexico, resulting in business environment instability and new trade barriers.  we will continue to monitor and address developing issues around trade policy.
other economic factors. during 2016, mature market government bond yields and inflation were lower than expected.  although in recent months interest rates have risen, and deflation risks have receded somewhat, this is occurring against a backdrop of loose monetary policy, particularly in europe and japan.  at the same time, government deficits and debt remain at high levels in many major markets.  the eventual implications of higher government deficits and debt, with potentially higher long-term interest rates, may drive a higher cost of capital over our planning period.  higher interest rates and/or taxes to address the higher deficits also may impede real growth in gross domestic product and, therefore, vehicle sales over our planning period.
for additional information on our assessment of the business environment, refer to the "outlook" section below.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
trends and strategies in 2016, we updated our vision and strategy to reflect our expansion to be an automotive and mobility company. our strategy is to deliver top quartile shareholder returns through automotive and high-growth mobility businesses. we are doing this by focusing on the strategic priorities in both our core business and emerging opportunities that will fortify, transform, and grow our business.
fortifying the profit pillars the profit pillars are the foundation and underlying strength of ford. we are focused on keeping these areas strong and we intend to strengthen them further through new innovations that will continue to address the needs of our customers.
trucks, vans, and commercial vehicles. f-series has been the u.s. truck leader for 40 years. we plan to strengthen our truck leadership with the 2018 model year new f-150, which will feature new powertrains, including our first diesel for f-150, and will be equipped with advanced connectivity to provide even more productivity for our customers. in 2020, f-150 will be available in a hybrid version that will improve capability, productivity, and fuel efficiency. the new super duty is off to a strong start, with high average transaction price and mix. and for the second year in a row, we are the commercial vehicle leader in europe. we saw strong performance around the world in 2016 from our ranger mid-size pickup. in 2019, ranger will be joining f-150 and super duty in north america, expanding our pickup portfolio in our largest market.
utilities. we will introduce an all-new aluminum-body expedition in 2017 with new capability. we also plan to introduce five other all-new utilities through 2020, including an all-new bronco and an all-new fully electric utility vehicle that will have an expected range of at least 300 miles.
performance vehicles. we are on track to deliver 12 new performance vehicles by the end of the decade, including the all-new raptor and ford gt. mustang will be available in a hybrid version by 2020, delivering v-8 equivalent power with greater low-end torque.
ford credit. ford credit remains a strategic asset to our automotive business around the world, delivering class-leading services.
ford customer service division. our parts and service business continues to grow, including a significant expansion of quick lane globally, adding to customer satisfaction and owner loyalty.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
transforming the underperforming parts of the business in addition to fortifying our profit pillars, we are transforming the underperforming parts of our business.
luxury. sales for lincoln were up 24% globally and tripled in china in 2016, and lincoln is being recognized for product appeal, quality, and customer satisfaction. we are strengthening the lincoln product portfolio with the continental flagship launched in 2016 and the all-new aluminum-body navigator to be launched in 2017. we will continue to evaluate further opportunities to improve returns on capital in the lincoln business.
small vehicles. small vehicles in developed markets is an area of challenge. we have repositioned and capped capacity for the next generation fiesta in europe and underpinned it with an attractive value entry, our ka+, made in india from a low-cost operation. we are producing the ecosport mini utility for europe and north america in low-cost manufacturing locations. to match capacity with demand, we have cancelled our plans to build a new plant in mexico and will instead build the next-generation focus at an existing plant in mexico.
emerging markets. we exited indonesia and japan in 2016, given the lack of a clear path to sustained profitability in these markets. in asean, we returned to a profit in 2016, while in russia, the business improved substantially in 2016, with further improvement expected in 2017. similarly, in south america, we expect results to improve in 2017 as economic conditions begin to turn around. in our middle east & africa operations, we also expect results to improve in 2017 as we work to strengthen our distribution, particularly in the middle east. we achieved significant year-over-year growth in production in india in 2016, driven primarily by strong exports. despite the growth, india remains a significant challenge; we will continue to work this year to evaluate alternative business models for this large and growing emerging market.
growing with investments in emerging opportunities we are driving for leadership in three key emerging opportunity areas-electrification, autonomy, and mobility. in each area, we are leveraging the strengths of our core business, as well as synergies across the three areas.
electrification. in the area of electrification, we are focusing on our profit pillars of trucks, vans, commercial vehicles, utilities, and performance vehicles to provide more to our customers-more capability, more productivity, and more performance-in addition to better fuel economy. we have 13 new electrified products we plan to bring to market by 2020. these include hybrid versions of the f-150 and mustang, a new transit custom plug-in hybrid in europe, an all-new fully electric small suv with an estimated range of at least 300 miles, and two new electrified police vehicles.
autonomy. we continue to make progress in the area of autonomy. we announced in 2016 our intention to produce a high-volume, dedicated, level 4 autonomous vehicle in 2021 for ride sharing applications in a "geo-fenced" area. we have made progress toward this objective with a new-generation fusion hybrid autonomous development vehicle. it demonstrates the advancement of ford's in-house hardware and software engineering efforts. in 2016, we expanded our autonomous test fleet from 10 to 30 vehicles. in 2017, we plan to further expand the fleet and begin testing in europe.
mobility. we are developing mobility services and related business models that are designed to reduce transportation congestion and increase transportation capacity in crowded cities. these cities need more flow, but, at the same time, they need to reduce congestion and they need to reduce pollution. we are moving quickly to develop partnerships with major cities to co-create solutions for congestion. the ford smart mobility team is deploying innovative solutions to support both shared and owned business models, while aggressively developing new products and services. in 2016, ford smart mobility llc acquired chariot, a demand responsive shuttle company that operates in two u.s. cities and has plans to expand to eight cities by the end of 2017, including a city outside the united states.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
total company net income attributable to ford. the chart below shows our net income attributable to ford for full year 2016:
net income attributable to ford for full year 2016 was $4.6 billion or $1.15 diluted earnings per share of common and class b stock, a decrease of $2.8 billion or $0.69 per share compared with 2015. full year 2016 pre-tax results of our automotive segment, financial services segment, all other, and special items, as well as taxes are discussed in the following sections in "results of operations."
revenue. company revenue for full year 2016 was $151.8 billion, $2.2 billion higher than a year ago.
cost of sales and selling, administrative, and other expenses for the full year 2016 were $138.8 billion, an increase of about $4.2 billion compared with 2015. the detail for the change is shown below (in billions):
volume and mix, exchange, and other                   $(0.1         )
contribution costs material excluding commodities                         (0.3         )
commodities                           0.9
structural costs                                       (1.5         )
special items                                          (2.8         )
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
equity. at december 31, 2016, total equity attributable to ford was $29.2 billion, an increase of $0.5 billion compared with december 31, 2015. the detail for this change is shown below (in billions):
compensation-related equity issuances               0.2
the chart below shows our full year 2016 total company adjusted pre-tax results and pre-tax results of our automotive segment by regional business unit, our financial services segment, and all other, which is mainly net interest expense.
our total company adjusted pre-tax profit for full year 2016 was $10.4 billion, or $1.76 of adjusted earnings per share of common and class b stock, a decrease of $425 million or $0.17 per share compared with 2015. our total company adjusted pre-tax profit consisted of our second-best automotive segment profit of $9.4 billion, a solid profit of $1.8 billion in the financial services segment, and a loss of $867 million in all other.
automotive results were driven by north america, a record profit in europe, and the second-best profit in asia pacific.
in total, our automotive operations outside north america delivered a full year profit of $421 million, $198 million higher than in 2015.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
automotive segment in general, we measure year-over-year change in automotive segment pre-tax results using the causal factors listed below, with net pricing and cost variances calculated at present-year volume and mix and exchange:
•   market factors:
◦   volume and mix - primarily measures profit variance from changes in wholesale volumes (at prior-year average contribution margin per unit) driven by changes in industry volume, market share, and dealer stocks, as well as the profit variance resulting from changes in product mix, including mix among vehicle lines and mix of trim levels and options within a vehicle line
◦   net pricing - primarily measures profit variance driven by changes in wholesale prices to dealers and marketing incentive programs such as rebate programs, low-rate financing offers, special lease offers, and stock adjustments on dealer inventory
•   contribution costs - primarily measures profit variance driven by per-unit changes in cost categories that typically vary with volume, such as material costs (including commodity and component costs), warranty expense, and freight and duty costs
•   structural costs - primarily measures profit variance driven by absolute change in cost categories that typically do not have a directly proportionate relationship to production volume. structural costs include the following cost categories:
◦   manufacturing, including volume related - consists primarily of costs for hourly and salaried manufacturing personnel, plant overhead (such as utilities and taxes), and new product launch expense. these costs could be affected by volume for operating pattern actions such as overtime, line-speed, and shift schedules
◦   engineering - consists primarily of costs for engineering personnel, prototype materials, testing, and outside engineering services
◦   spending-related - consists primarily of depreciation and amortization of our manufacturing and engineering assets, but also includes asset retirements and operating leases
◦   advertising and sales promotions - includes costs for advertising, marketing programs, brand promotions, customer mailings and promotional events, and auto shows
◦   administrative and selling - includes primarily costs for salaried personnel and purchased services related to our staff activities and selling functions, as well as associated information technology costs
◦   pension and opeb - consists primarily of past service pension costs and other postretirement employee benefit costs
•   exchange - primarily measures profit variance driven by one or more of the following: (i) transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies of the relevant entities, (ii) effects of converting functional currency income to u.s. dollars, (iii) effects of remeasuring monetary assets and liabilities of the relevant entities in currencies other than their functional currency, or (iv) results of our foreign currency hedging
•   other - includes a variety of items, such as parts and services profits, royalties, government incentives and compensation-related changes in addition, definitions and calculations used in this report include:
•   wholesales and revenue - wholesale unit volumes include all ford and lincoln badged units (whether produced by ford or by an unconsolidated affiliate) that are sold to dealerships, units manufactured by ford that are sold to other manufacturers, units distributed by ford for other manufacturers, and local brand units produced by our china joint venture, jiangling motors corporation, ltd. ("jmc"), that are sold to dealerships. vehicles sold to daily rental car companies that are subject to a guaranteed repurchase option (i.e., rental repurchase), as well as other sales of finished vehicles for which the recognition of revenue is deferred (e.g., consignments), also are included in wholesale unit volumes. revenue from certain vehicles in wholesale unit volumes (specifically, ford badged vehicles produced and distributed by our unconsolidated affiliates, as well as jmc brand vehicles) are not included in our revenue
•   automotive segment operating margin - defined as automotive segment pre-tax profit divided by automotive segment revenue
•   industry volume and market share - based, in part, on estimated vehicle registrations; includes medium and heavy duty trucks
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
•   automotive cash - includes cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities references to automotive records for operating cash flow, operating margin, and business units are since at least 2000.
the charts on the following pages detail full year 2016 key metrics and the change in full year 2016 pre-tax results compared with full year 2015 by causal factor for our automotive segment and its business units - north america, south america, europe, middle east & africa, and asia pacific.
shown above are the key financial metrics for our automotive segment for full year 2016. wholesales and revenue were about the same as a year ago with all other metrics down, consistent with our expectations for the year.
global industry volume, estimated at 91.4 million units, was up 3.2 million units or 4%. the increase was driven by industry gains in asia pacific, europe, and north america.
global market share was down one-tenth of a percentage point driven by lower market share in north america and south america. market share was flat in europe and higher in middle east & africa and asia pacific.
our automotive operating margin was 6.7% and pre-tax profit was $9.4 billion. both metrics were the second-best for a full year and only slightly lower than our record performance in 2015.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
shown above are the factors that contributed to the $146 million decline in full year automotive segment pre-tax profit. the lower profit was more than explained by higher warranty costs, including about $600 million for the door latch recall we announced in the third quarter of 2016.
market factors were favorable, driven by strong mix in all regions except south america. this more than offset unfavorable dealer stock changes which reflected stock reductions this year compared to increases in 2015 in north america, europe, and asia pacific.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
north america generated a full year pre-tax profit of $9 billion with an operating margin of 9.7%.
north america industry, at 21.8 million units, was up 300,000 units, reflecting increases in mexico, united states, and canada. u.s. industry, at 17.9 million units, was up 100,000 units.
our north america market share was down one-tenth of a percentage point, with u.s. share down by one-tenth of a point to 14.6%. the decrease was driven by lower retail sales, mainly cars. f-series retail share was a partial offset, improving two-tenths from a year ago.
included in north america's profit is about $600 million for the door latch recall we announced in the third quarter, which negatively impacted north america's operating margin by six-tenths of a percentage point.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
north america's full year pre-tax profit was $344 million lower than a year ago driven by unfavorable stock changes and higher recall costs.
the unfavorable stock changes reflect decreases in dealer stock this year compared to increases a year ago when we were building f-150 stock after the kansas city plant launch. it also reflects actions to align production to demand for several vehicles.
the higher product costs reflect primarily the impact of our first major refresh of the super duty.
within the united states, average retail transaction prices were $1,300 per vehicle higher compared to a year ago, more than double the industry average increase. our incentives were up as a percent of revenue, but less than the industry average.
for 2017, we expect our north america operating margin and profit to be strong but lower than in 2016, mainly due to unfavorable volume and mix, and increased investments in emerging opportunities.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
all full year key metrics were lower than a year ago, reflecting the difficult external environment.
industry volume for the region, at 3.7 million units, was 500,000 units lower than 2015 due to brazil.
our market share for the region, at 8.8%, was down eight-tenths of a percentage point, reflecting our continued focus on optimizing more profitable share amid higher industry discounting.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
south america's full year loss was $277 million greater than in 2015. this was more than explained by the unfavorable effects of high local inflation and weaker local currencies exceeding higher net pricing and favorable cost performance.
for 2017, we expect south america's loss to improve as a result of improving market conditions as the economy begins to recover.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
europe delivered a record full year profit of $1.2 billion and a record operating margin of 4.2%, both up sharply from a year ago.
europe industry volume, at 20.1 million units, was 5% higher than a year ago.
europe's market share, at 7.7%, was flat from a year ago.
in 2016, ford remained europe's best-selling commercial vehicle brand and improved its share in the commercial vehicle market, reflecting the strength of the transit line and ranger.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
europe's full year pre-tax profit improved $946 million from a year ago. this was driven by favorable mix, reflecting increasing demand for our higher trim series across all major vehicle lines, and improved cost performance, reflecting our continued focus on material cost reductions. improved results in russia also contributed to europe's favorable year-over-year profit improvement.
for 2017, we expect europe to remain profitable, although at levels below 2016 due mainly to a weaker sterling resulting from brexit and higher costs associated with continued investment in the business, including the launch of fiesta and ecosport. net pricing is expected to be a partial offset. we also expect continued improvements from our business in russia.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
middle east & africa's operating margin and pre-tax results were down sharply, reflecting difficult external conditions resulting in lower volume and unfavorable exchange, primarily the south african rand.
industry volume for the region, at 3.6 million units, was down 700,000 units from 2015. lower industry volume was the primary driver in the 14% reduction in our wholesale volume. our market share for the region was 4.5%, up one-tenth of a percentage point.
for 2017, we expect results in middle east & africa to improve due to lower costs, higher net pricing, and favorable exchange.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
in 2016, asia pacific generated its second-best full year pre-tax profit.
asia pacific industry was 42.1 million units, up 3.0 million units from 2015, primarily explained by a 2.9 million unit increase in china industry volume, estimated at 26.4 million units. the increase was driven by the government purchase tax incentive for vehicles with engine displacements of 1.6 liters or lower.
our asia pacific market share was 3.8%, up two-tenths of a percentage point. the improvement in share was driven by new product introductions, including taurus, edge, lincoln mkx, and lincoln mkz.
our china joint ventures contributed $1.4 billion to asia pacific's pre-tax profit, reflecting our equity share of the unconsolidated jvs' after-tax earnings; this was $75 million lower than in 2015. our china joint ventures' net income margin was 14.6%, a reduction of 1 percentage point from 2015. the decline in margin reflects negative industry pricing in china and a higher mix of vehicles with engine displacement of 1.6 liters or lower.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
asia pacific's full year profit was $627 million, down $138 million from 2015, reflecting lower net pricing, adverse exchange effects (mainly a weaker chinese renminbi), and unfavorable cost performance.
unfavorable cost performance was driven by cost increases to support higher volumes and continued investment for future product and regulatory actions. the investments in structural cost were offset partially by our continued focus on material cost efficiencies.
for 2017, we expect asia pacific's profit to improve due to favorable volume and mix. this will be offset, in part, by lower net pricing which will be lower due to continued negative china industry pricing and unfavorable exchange, mainly the chinese renminbi.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
financial services segment in general, we measure year-over-year changes in ford credit's pre-tax results using the causal factors listed below:
◦   volume primarily measures changes in net financing margin driven by changes in average managed receivables at prior period financing margin yield (defined below in financing margin) at prior period exchange rates. volume changes are primarily driven by the volume of new and used vehicle sales and leases, the extent to which ford credit purchases retail installment sale and lease contracts, the extent to which ford credit provides wholesale financing, the sales price of the vehicles financed, the level of dealer inventories, ford-sponsored special financing programs available exclusively through ford credit, and the availability of cost-effective funding for the purchase of retail installment sale and lease contracts and to provide wholesale financing
◦   mix primarily measures changes in net financing margin driven by period over period changes in the composition of ford credit's average managed receivables by product and by country or region
◦   financing margin variance is the period-to-period change in financing margin yield multiplied by the present period average managed receivables at prior period exchange rates. this calculation is performed at the product and country level and then aggregated. financing margin yield equals revenue, less interest expense and scheduled depreciation for the period, divided by average managed receivables for the same period
◦   financing margin changes are driven by changes in revenue and interest expense. changes in revenue are primarily driven by the level of market interest rates, cost assumptions in pricing, mix of business, and competitive environment. changes in interest expense are primarily driven by the level of market interest rates, borrowing spreads, and asset-liability management
•   credit loss:
◦   credit loss is the change in the provision for credit losses at prior period exchange rates. for analysis purposes, management splits the provision for credit losses into net charge-offs and the change in the allowance for credit losses
◦   net charge-off changes are primarily driven by the number of repossessions, severity per repossession, and recoveries. changes in the allowance for credit losses are primarily driven by changes in historical trends in credit losses and recoveries, changes in the composition and size of ford credit's present portfolio, changes in trends in historical used vehicle values, and changes in economic conditions. for additional information on the allowance for credit losses, refer to the "critical accounting estimates - allowance for credit losses" section below
◦   lease residual measures changes to residual performance at prior period exchange rates. for analysis purposes, management splits residual performance primarily into residual gains and losses, and the change in accumulated supplemental depreciation
◦   residual gain and loss changes are primarily driven by the number of vehicles returned to ford credit and sold, and the difference between the auction value and the depreciated value (which includes both base and accumulated supplemental depreciation) of the vehicles sold. changes in accumulated supplemental depreciation are primarily driven by changes in ford credit's estimate of the expected auction value at the end of the lease term, and changes in the estimate of the number of vehicles that will be returned to it and sold. for additional information on accumulated supplemental depreciation, refer to the "critical accounting estimates - accumulated depreciation on vehicles subject to operating leases" section below
•   exchange:
◦   reflects changes in pre-tax results driven by the effects of converting functional currency income to u.s. dollars
◦   primarily includes operating expenses, other revenue, and insurance expenses at prior period exchange rates
◦   changes in operating expenses are primarily driven by salaried personnel costs, facilities costs, and costs associated with the origination and servicing of customer contracts
◦   in general, other revenue changes are primarily driven by changes in earnings related to market valuation adjustments to derivatives (primarily related to movements in interest rates) and other miscellaneous items
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
ford credit's receivables were higher than a year ago, in line with expectations, and while full year pre-tax profit was lower, it remained solid at $1.9 billion. portfolio performance remained robust, despite higher ltrs. origination, servicing, and collection practices remained disciplined and consistent.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
ford credit's lower full year pre-tax profit is primarily explained by unfavorable lease residual performance and credit losses. favorable volume and mix, driven by growth in consumer and non-consumer finance receivables globally and operating leases in north america, was a partial offset. lease residual performance primarily reflects higher depreciation in north america as we expect lower auction values in the future. credit loss performance primarily reflects higher charge-offs in north america.
for 2017, we continue to expect ford credit's full year pre-tax profit to be about $1.5 billion, which is lower compared with 2016 due to the impact of increased accumulated depreciation driven by expected lower residual values for ford credit's lease portfolio in north america.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
over the last several years, we have seen industry lease share grow. as a result, the supply of off-lease vehicles is higher, and will continue to grow for the next several years. the increased supply of used vehicles is resulting in lower auction values, and we expect this trend to continue. ford credit's off-lease vehicle auction performance reflects industry trends. in 2016, ford credit's off-lease auction values were lower than 2015, primarily reflecting higher return volume and lower auction values on smaller vehicles.
ford credit's 2016 full year lease share was flat compared with 2015 and remains below the industry, reflecting the parameters of our leasing strategy which focuses on supporting sales, protecting residual values, and managing the trade cycle. industry off-lease volume is expected to continue to grow. ford credit continues to plan for lower auction values.
the average placement terms and average fico score have remained stable for several years, reflecting ford credit's disciplined and consistent underwriting practices.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
all other all other is a combination of central treasury operations (formerly other automotive) and ford smart mobility llc, two operating segments that did not meet the quantitative thresholds in this reporting period to qualify as reportable segments.
the central treasury operations segment is primarily engaged in decision making for investments, risk management activities, and providing financing for the automotive segment. interest income (excluding interest earned on our extended service contract portfolio that is included in our automotive segment), interest expense, gains and losses on cash equivalents and marketable securities, and foreign exchange derivatives associated with intercompany lending are included in the results of central treasury operations. the underlying assets and liabilities, primarily cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, debt, and derivatives, remain with the automotive segment.
ford smart mobility llc is a subsidiary formed to design, build, grow, and invest in emerging mobility services. designed to compete like a start-up company, ford smart mobility llc will design and build mobility services on its own, and collaborate with start-ups and tech companies.
in 2016, pre-tax results for all other were a loss of $867 million, a $71 million higher loss compared with a year ago. this increase is more than explained by higher net interest expense, offset partially by lower net losses on cash equivalents and marketable securities.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
special items as detailed in note 4 of the notes to the financial statements, special items are reflected as a separate reconciling item, as opposed to being allocated among the automotive segment, financial services segment, and all other. this reflects the fact that management excludes these items from its review of operating segment results for purposes of measuring segment profitability and allocating resources.
our pre-tax and tax special items were as follows:
taxes our provision for income taxes for full year 2016 was $2.2 billion, resulting in an effective tax rate of 32.2%.
our full year 2016 adjusted effective tax rate, which excludes special items, was 31.9%.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
total company net income attributable to ford. the chart below shows our net income attributable to ford for full year 2015:
net income attributable to ford for full year 2015 was $7.4 billion or $1.84 diluted earnings per share of common and class b stock, an increase of $6.1 billion or $1.53 per share compared with 2014. full year 2015 pre-tax results of our automotive segment, financial services segment, all other, special items, and taxes are discussed in the following sections in "results of operations."
revenue. company revenue for full year 2015 was $149.6 billion, $5.5 billion higher than 2014.
cost of sales and selling, administrative, and other expenses for full year 2015 were $134.5 billion, a decrease of $2.3 billion compared with 2014. the detail for the change is shown below (in billions):
volume and mix, exchange, and other                    $1.4
contribution costs material excluding commodities                         (3.7         )
commodities                                             0.9
structural costs                                       (1.8         )
special items                                           4.1
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
equity. at december 31, 2015, total equity attributable to ford was $28.6 billion, an increase of $4.2 billion compared with december 31, 2014. the detail for this change is shown below (in billions):
compensation-related equity issuances               0.3
the chart below shows our full year 2015 total company adjusted pre-tax results and pre-tax results of our automotive segment by regional business unit, our financial services segment, and all other, which is mainly net interest expense.
we achieved a record company full-year adjusted pre-tax profit of $10.8 billion in 2015. collectively, our operations outside of north america were profitable and every business unit, with the exception of south america, was profitable in 2015. in europe, we earned $259 million, reflecting the progress of our transformation plan announced in 2012. asia pacific had its best-ever annual profit. north america and ford credit continued to deliver benchmark profitability. and as shown below the chart, all business units improved compared with 2014.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
automotive segment the charts on the following pages detail 2015 key metrics and the change in 2015 pre-tax results compared with 2014 by causal factor for our automotive segment and its business units -north america, south america, europe, middle east & africa, and asia pacific.
shown above are the key market factors and financial metrics for our automotive segment for full year 2015. our automotive operating margin of 6.8 percent was the highest since at least the 1990s. each of the key metrics improved compared to 2014:
•automotive revenue was up 4%, or 9% at constant exchange,
•record full year automotive pre-tax profit, at $9.6 billion, was up 53%.
global industry volume, estimated at 88.2 million units, was up 0.1 million units from a year ago. our global market share, at 7.4%, was up three-tenths of a percentage point with gains in south america and europe.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
as shown above, our full year automotive segment pre-tax profit improved by $3.3 billion. the improvement was driven by $7.4 billion of favorable market factors, reflecting the success of our new product launches, our asia pacific growth strategy, as well as industry growth in north america and europe. cost increases were mainly product-related costs and manufacturing and engineering expense that supported our growth in 2015, and will support further growth in 2016 and beyond.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
north america had an outstanding year. we delivered substantial top-line growth, operating margin at 10.2%, and full year pre-tax profit of $9.3 billion-up 26%.
the north america industry volume improved compared with a year ago; the u.s. industry volume totaled 17.8 million units, up 1 million units. u.s. market share was flat compared to last year. in addition, although not shown above, u.s. retail share increased one-tenth of a percentage point to 13.0% driven by strong demand for our newest products, including f-150 and mustang.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
favorable volume and mix and higher net pricing drove north america's pre-tax profit higher than a year ago. higher costs, including a one-time ratification bonus in other related to the uaw agreement in the fourth quarter, and unfavorable exchange were partial offsets.
we achieved our highest annual sales in the united states since 2005. ford remained the best-selling vehicle brand in the united states and ford f-series was the best-selling vehicle in the united states for the 34th straight year.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
wholesale volume, revenue, and operating margin were each lower than a year ago, reflecting the continued deterioration of the business environment in south america. despite the tough conditions, south america's pre-tax loss for the full year was reduced by $332 million, or 29%, compared to a year ago.
the south america industry volume, at 4.2 million units, was down 1.1 million units. most of this was in brazil.
ford's market share in south america, at 9.6%, was up seven-tenths of a percentage point reflecting our strong performance in brazil with the all-new ka.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
the full year pre-tax loss in south america was less severe than a year ago, reflecting higher net pricing and market share, partially offset by lower industry.
our team in the region continued to work on all areas of the business to counter the effects of the difficult business environment and position ourselves to be able to recover quickly once conditions begin to improve.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
with the exception of revenue, which was impacted adversely by the strong u.s. dollar, all metrics for the full year were better than a year ago.
the europe industry volume was 600,000 units higher compared to a year ago, more than explained by the improvement in the europe 20 markets. our total europe market share in the region was up five-tenths of a percentage point to 7.7%, reflecting the strength of ecosport and mondeo and geographic mix.
in 2015, ford became europe's best-selling commercial vehicle brand, reflecting the strength of our renewed transit line-up and ranger as well as our dedicated dealer network support.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
in europe, our full year pre-tax profit was $259 million, up over $850 million compared to a year ago. the improvement in europe reflects favorable market factors and improved costs flowing through to the bottom line, partially offset by unfavorable exchange and the consolidation of ford sollers, our joint venture in russia. returning to profitability in 2015 reflected the progress of our transformation plan announced in 2012.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
the industry volume for the region was flat and our market share declined two-tenths of a percentage point due to industry growth in markets in which we do not participate. market share was higher compared to 2014 in the major markets in which we do participate.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
in asia pacific, we had our best year yet as we continued to execute our growth strategy.
asia pacific achieved record volume, revenue, operating margin, and pre-tax profit in 2015, mainly reflecting the strength of our new products, including the all-new three-row edge, figo, everest, lincoln mkx, taurus, and new ranger.
our china joint ventures contributed $1.5 billion to pre-tax profit in 2015, reflecting our equity share of the unconsolidated joint ventures' after-tax earnings; this was $234 million higher than last year.
the industry volume for the region was 39.1 million units, down 600,000 units from a year ago, primarily explained by a decrease in the china industry volume. for the full year, both our asia pacific regional market share of 3.6% and our china market share of 4.8% were higher than a year ago.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
asia pacific delivered an outstanding year with a record pre-tax profit of $765 million, up 29% from a year ago. favorable volume was driven by strong industry in china, where we were able to leverage the government incentive program with our strong line-up of vehicles with 1.6l or smaller engines. higher mix reflected the strength of our new products, highlighted by the performance of the locally produced all-new three-row edge. higher structural cost was a partial offset to the improvement, as we continued to invest for further growth in the region.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
financial services segment ford credit earned a pre-tax profit of $2.1 billion in 2015, up $232 million from 2014, and its receivables were higher than 2014.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
ford credit's 2015 pre-tax profit improved compared with 2014. the improvement is more than explained by favorable volume and mix, driven by growth in all products globally. higher credit losses and the adverse effect of the stronger u.s. dollar were partial offsets. the higher credit losses, primarily in north america, reflect reserve increases in 2015 compared with reserve releases in 2014. charge-offs were also higher.
all other our full year 2015 all other pre-tax results were a loss of $796 million, a $41 million higher loss compared with a year ago. this increase primarily reflects higher net interest expense.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
special items our pre-tax and tax special items were as follows:
taxes our tax provision for full year 2015 was $2.9 billion, resulting in an effective tax rate of 28.1%.
our full year 2015 adjusted effective tax rate, which excludes special items, was 28.6%.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
liquidity and capital resources automotive segment liquidity. one of our key priorities is to maintain a strong balance sheet, while at the same time having resources available to grow our core business and invest in emerging opportunities. based on our planning assumptions, we believe we have sufficient liquidity and capital resources to continue to invest in new products and services that customers want and value, transform and grow our business, pay our debts and obligations as and when they come due, pay a sustainable dividend, and provide protection within an uncertain global economic environment.
our key balance sheet metrics include total cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities (collectively "automotive cash"), automotive liquidity, which includes automotive cash and total available committed credit lines, and cash net of debt.
at december 31, 2016, we had $27.5 billion of automotive cash, of which about 89% was held by consolidated entities domiciled in the united states. we target to have an average ongoing automotive cash balance of about $20 billion. we expect to have periods when we will be above or below this amount due to (i) future cash flow expectations, such as for pension contributions, debt maturities, capital investments, investments in emerging opportunities, or restructuring requirements, (ii) short-term timing differences, and (iii) changes in the global economic environment.
our automotive cash investments primarily include u.s. department of treasury obligations, federal agency securities, bank time deposits with investment-grade institutions, corporate investment-grade securities, commercial paper rated a-1/p-1 or higher, and debt obligations of a select group of non-u.s. governments, non-u.s. governmental agencies, and supranational institutions. the average maturity of these investments is approximately one year, and is adjusted based on market conditions and liquidity needs. we monitor our automotive cash levels and average maturity on a daily basis.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
in addition to our target automotive cash balance, we also target to maintain a corporate credit facility for our automotive business of about $10 billion to protect against exogenous shocks. our corporate credit facility is discussed below. we assess the appropriate long-term target for total automotive liquidity, comprised of automotive cash and the corporate credit facility, to be about $30 billion, which is an amount we believe is sufficient to support our business priorities and to protect our business. at december 31, 2016, we had $38.3 billion of automotive liquidity. our automotive cash and automotive liquidity targets could be reduced over time based on improved operating performance and changes in our risk profile.
changes in automotive cash. changes in automotive segment cash are summarized below (in billions):
in managing our automotive business, we classify changes in automotive cash into operating and other items. operating items include: automotive segment pre-tax profits, capital spending, depreciation and tooling amortization, changes in working capital, and all other and timing differences. non-operating items include: separation payments, transactions with other segments, acquisitions and divestitures, changes in automotive debt, contributions to funded pension plans, and dividends paid to shareholders.
automotive operating cash flow was $6.4 billion in 2016, more than explained by automotive segment pre-tax profits. automotive total cash flow of $3.9 billion in 2016 includes $2.8 billion in proceeds from our unsecured debt issuance in the united states.
capital spending was $6.9 billion in 2016, and is projected to be about $7 billion in 2017. based on expected cash flows and the identification of additional opportunities for profitable growth, the ongoing amount of capital spending to support product development, growth, restructuring, and infrastructure is expected to be between $8 billion and $9 billion per year through 2020.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
with respect to "changes in working capital," in general we carry relatively low automotive segment trade receivables compared with our trade payables because the majority of our automotive wholesales are financed (primarily by ford credit) immediately upon sale of vehicles to dealers, which generally occurs at the time the vehicles are gate-released shortly after being produced. in addition, our inventories are lean because we build to order, not for inventory. in contrast, our automotive trade payables are based primarily on industry-standard production supplier payment terms generally ranging between 30 days to 45 days. as a result, our cash flow tends to improve as wholesale volumes increase, but can deteriorate significantly when wholesale volumes drop sharply. these working capital balances generally are subject to seasonal changes that can impact cash flow. for example, we typically experience cash flow timing differences associated with inventories and payables due to our annual summer and december shutdown periods, when production, and therefore inventories and wholesale volumes, are usually at their lowest levels, while payables continue to come due and be paid. the net impact of this typically results in cash outflows from changes in our working capital balances during these shutdown periods.
available credit lines. total committed automotive credit lines at december 31, 2016 were $11.9 billion, consisting of $10.4 billion of our corporate credit facility and $1.5 billion of local credit facilities available to non-u.s. automotive affiliates.  at december 31, 2016, the amount available under the corporate credit facility was about $10.4 billion with about $35 million utilized for letters of credit.  at december 31, 2016, the amount available under local credit facilities was about $500 million with about $1 billion utilized.
lenders under our corporate credit facility have commitments to us totaling $13.4 billion, with 75% of the commitments maturing on april 30, 2021 and 25% of the commitments maturing on april 30, 2019. we have allocated $3 billion of commitments to ford credit on an irrevocable and exclusive basis to support its growth and liquidity. any borrowings by ford credit under the corporate credit facility would be guaranteed by us.
the corporate credit facility is unsecured and free of material adverse change conditions to borrowing, restrictive financial covenants (for example, interest or fixed charge coverage ratio, debt-to-equity ratio, and minimum net worth requirements), and credit rating triggers that could limit our ability to obtain funding. the corporate credit facility contains a liquidity covenant that requires us to maintain a minimum of $4 billion in aggregate of domestic cash, cash equivalents, and loaned and marketable securities and/or availability under the facility. if our senior, unsecured, long-term debt does not maintain at least two investment grade ratings from fitch, moody's, and s&p (each as defined under "credit ratings" below), the guarantees of certain subsidiaries will be required.
debt. total automotive debt at december 31, 2016 was $15.9 billion, which is about $3.1 billion higher than at december 31, 2015. the increase primarily reflects our unsecured debt issuance in the united states, local funding in international markets and foreign currency exchange, offset partially by debt repayments, including repayments to the u.s. department of energy.
u.s. department of energy ("doe") advanced technology vehicle manufacturer ("atvm") incentive program. see note 14 of the notes to the financial statements for information regarding the atvm loan.
leverage. we manage automotive debt levels with a leverage framework to maintain strong, investment grade credit ratings through a normal business cycle. the leverage framework includes a ratio of automotive debt, underfunded pension liabilities, operating leases, and other adjustments, divided by automotive income before income tax, adjusted for depreciation, amortization, interest expense on automotive debt, and other adjustments. ford credit's leverage is calculated as a separate business as described in the liquidity - financial services section of item 7. ford credit is self-funding and its debt, which is used to fund its operations, is separate from our automotive debt.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
financial services segment ford credit funding overview. ford credit's primary funding and liquidity objective is to maintain a strong investment grade balance sheet with ample liquidity to support its financing activities and growth under a variety of market conditions, including short-term and long-term market disruptions. ford credit's funding strategy remains focused on diversification, and it plans to continue accessing a variety of markets, channels, and investors.
ford credit's liquidity profile continues to be diverse, robust, and focused on maintaining liquidity levels that meet its business and funding requirements. ford credit annually stress tests its balance sheet and liquidity to ensure that it continues to meet its financial obligations through economic cycles.
funding sources. ford credit's funding sources include primarily unsecured debt and securitization transactions (including other structured financings). ford credit issues both short-term and long-term debt that is held by both institutional and retail investors, with long-term debt having an original maturity of more than 12 months. ford credit sponsors a number of securitization programs that can be structured to provide both short-term and long-term funding through institutional investors in the united states and international capital markets.
ford credit obtains short-term unsecured funding from the sale of floating rate demand notes under its ford interest advantage program and by issuing unsecured commercial paper in the united states and other international markets. at december 31, 2016, the principal amount outstanding of ford interest advantage notes, which may be redeemed at any time at the option of the holders thereof without restriction, was $6 billion. at december 31, 2016, the principal amount outstanding of ford credit's unsecured commercial paper was $4.5 billion, which primarily represents issuance under its commercial paper program in the united states. ford credit maintains multiple sources of readily available liquidity to fund the payment of its unsecured short-term debt obligations.
funding portfolio. the chart below shows the trends in funding for ford credit's managed receivables:
managed receivables of $137 billion at the end of 2016 were funded primarily with term debt and term asset-backed securities. securitized funding as a percent of managed receivables was 37%.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
ford credit expects the mix of securitized funding to trend lower over time. the calendarization of the funding plan may result in quarterly fluctuations of the securitized funding percentage.
public term funding plan. the chart below shows ford credit's issuances for full-year 2014, 2015, and 2016, and its planned issuances for full-year 2017, excluding short-term funding programs:
in 2016, ford credit completed $28 billion of public term funding.
for 2017, ford credit projects full-year public term funding in the range of $24 billion to $30 billion. through february 8, 2017, ford credit has completed over $5 billion of public term issuances.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
liquidity. the chart below shows ford credit's liquidity sources and utilization:
ford credit's liquidity available for use will fluctuate quarterly based on factors including near-term debt maturities, receivable growth, and timing of funding transactions. ford credit targets liquidity of at least $25 billion. at december 31, 2016, ford credit's liquidity available for use was $27 billion, $3.5 billion higher than year-end 2015.
ford credit's sources of liquidity include cash, committed asset-backed facilities, unsecured credit facilities, and the corporate credit facility allocation.
ford credit's balance sheet is inherently liquid because of the short-term nature of its finance receivables, investment in operating leases, and cash. ford credit ensures its cumulative debt maturities have a longer tenor than its cumulative asset maturities. this positive maturity profile is intended to provide ford credit with additional liquidity after all of its assets have been funded.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
leverage.  ford credit uses leverage, or the debt-to-equity ratio, to make various business decisions, including evaluating and establishing pricing for finance receivable and operating lease financing, and assessing its capital structure.
the chart below shows the calculation of ford credit's financial statement leverage and managed leverage:
ford credit believes that managed leverage is useful to its investors because it reflects the way ford credit manages its business. ford credit deducts cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities (excluding amounts related to insurance activities) because they generally correspond to excess debt beyond the amount required to support its operations and amounts to support on-balance sheet securitization transactions. ford credit makes derivative accounting adjustments to its assets, debt, and equity positions to reflect the impact of interest rate instruments ford credit uses in connection with its term-debt issuances and securitization transactions. the derivative accounting adjustments related to these instruments vary over the term of the underlying debt and securitized funding obligations based on changes in market interest rates. ford credit generally repays its debt obligations as they mature. as a result, ford credit excludes the impact of these derivative accounting adjustments on both the numerator and denominator in order to exclude the interim effects of changes in market interest rates.
ford credit plans its managed leverage by considering prevailing market conditions and the risk characteristics of its business. at december 31, 2016, ford credit's financial statement leverage was 9.9:1, and managed leverage was 9.2:1. ford credit targets managed leverage in the range of 8:1 to 9:1. managed leverage is above the targeted range reflecting growth in receivables and the continued impact of a strong u.s. dollar, but it continues to trend toward the target range.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
total company pension plan contributions and strategy. our strategy is to reduce the risk of our funded defined benefit pension plans, including minimizing the volatility of the value of our pension assets relative to pension liabilities and the need for unplanned use of capital resources to fund the plans. the strategy reduces balance sheet, cash flow, and income exposures and, in turn, reduces our risk profile. the key elements of this strategy include:
•   limiting liability growth in our defined benefit plans by closing participation to new participants;
•   reducing plan deficits through discretionary cash contributions;
•   progressively re-balancing assets to more fixed income investments, with a target asset allocation of about 80% fixed income investments and 20% growth assets, which will provide a better matching of plan assets to the characteristics of the liabilities, thereby reducing our net exposure; and
•   taking other strategic actions to reduce pension liabilities.
worldwide, our defined benefit pension plans were underfunded by $8.9 billion at december 31, 2016, a deterioration of $700 million from december 31, 2015, due to lower discount rates partially offset by asset returns and contributions. of the $8.9 billion underfunded status at year-end 2016, $5.9 billion, or about 66%, is associated with our unfunded plans.
asset returns in 2016 for our u.s. plans were 8.6% reflecting fixed income gains as interest rates fell. the fixed income mix in our u.s. plans at year-end 2016 was 75%, two percentage points lower than year-end 2015. asset returns for our non-u.s. plans were 14%, reflecting fixed income gains and favorable exchange. the fixed income mix in our non-u.s. plans at year-end 2016 was 76%, two percentage points higher than year-end 2015.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
in 2016, consistent with our plan, we contributed $1.2 billion to our global funded pension plans (most of which were mandatory contributions), an increase of $100 million compared with 2015. during 2017, we expect to contribute $1 billion from automotive cash to our global funded pension plans (most of which are mandatory contributions). we also expect to make about $300 million of benefit payments to participants in unfunded plans, for a combined total of $1.3 billion. based on current assumptions and regulations, we do not expect to have a legal requirement to fund our major u.s. plans in 2017. after 2017, we expect contributions to our global funded plans of about $1 billion per year, limited to ongoing service cost. while full funding and de-risking will be dependent on many factors, including future global interest rates, based on our present assumptions we expect our global funded pension plans will be fully funded in 2018.
for a detailed discussion of our pension plans, see note 13 of the notes to the financial statements.
return on invested capital. we analyze total company performance using a return on invested capital ("roic") financial metric based on an after-tax rolling five-year average basis, which we believe is appropriate given our industry's product and investment cycles. the following table contains the calculation of our roic for the years shown:
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
credit ratings our short-term and long-term debt is rated by four credit rating agencies designated as nationally recognized statistical rating organizations ("nrsros") by the u.s. securities and exchange commission:
•   dbrs limited ("dbrs");
•   fitch, inc. ("fitch");
•   standard &amp; poor's ratings services, a division of mcgraw hill financial ("s&amp;p").
in several markets, locally-recognized rating agencies also rate us. a credit rating reflects an assessment by the rating agency of the credit risk associated with a corporate entity or particular securities issued by that entity. rating agencies' ratings of us are based on information provided by us and other sources. credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell, or hold securities, and are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. each rating agency may have different criteria for evaluating company risk and, therefore, ratings should be evaluated independently for each rating agency.
in the first half of 2016, ford and ford credit received rating upgrades from each of these nrsros. the following chart summarizes certain of the credit ratings and outlook presently assigned by these four nrsros:
nrsro ratings ford                                                                                                   ford credit                                                                        nrsros issuerdefault / corporate / issuer rating       long-term senior unsecured       outlook / trend       long-term senior unsecured        short-termunsecured        outlook / trend       minimum long-term investment grade rating dbrs      bbb                                             bbb                              stable                bbb                               r-2m                       stable                bbb (low)
fitch     bbb                                             bbb                              stable                bbb                               f2                         stable                bbb-
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
2017 industry and gdp planning assumptions based on the current environment, our industry and gdp planning assumptions for 2017 include the following:
overall, we expect growth in gdp globally and in all major markets shown above. similarly, we expect growth in industry volume globally and in all major markets shown above, except the united states. industry volume in the united states is expected to decline but remain strong.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
production volumes our full year 2016 production volumes and first quarter 2017 forecast production volumes for our automotive business units are as follows (in thousands):
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
2017 company guidance based on the current economic environment, our company guidance for 2017 includes the following:
after a strong 2016, we expect to deliver another good year in 2017. the total company outlook shown above is in line with expectations set out at our investor day in september 2016.
we are making substantial progress on expanding our business, from a strong, healthy automotive company to one that will be even stronger and bigger as we become an auto and mobility company in the future.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
our 2017 outlook by business unit is as follows:
we expect profits in north america and europe to be lower than 2016, while we expect to see improvements in results in south america, middle east & africa, and asia pacific. results for ford credit and all other are expected to be lower than 2016.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
risk factors statements included or incorporated by reference herein may constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. forward-looking statements are based on expectations, forecasts, and assumptions by our management and involve a number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those stated, including, without limitation:
•   decline in industry sales volume, particularly in the united states, europe, or china, due to financial crisis, recession, geopolitical events, or other factors;
•   lower-than-anticipated market acceptance of ford's new or existing products or services, or failure to achieve expected growth;
•   market shift away from sales of larger, more profitable vehicles beyond ford's current planning assumption, particularly in the united states;
•   continued or increased price competition resulting from industry excess capacity, currency fluctuations, or other factors;
•   fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, and interest rates;
•   adverse effects resulting from economic, geopolitical, protectionist trade policies, or other events;
•   work stoppages at ford or supplier facilities or other limitations on production (whether as a result of labor disputes, natural or man-made disasters, tight credit markets or other financial distress, production constraints or difficulties, or other factors);
•   single-source supply of components or materials;
•   labor or other constraints on ford's ability to maintain competitive cost structure;
•   substantial pension and other postretirement liabilities impairing liquidity or financial condition;
•   worse-than-assumed economic and demographic experience for pension and other postretirement benefit plans (e.g., discount rates or investment returns);
•   restriction on use of tax attributes from tax law "ownership change;"
•   the discovery of defects in vehicles resulting in delays in new model launches, recall campaigns, or increased warranty costs;
•   increased safety, emissions, fuel economy, or other regulations resulting in higher costs, cash expenditures, and/or sales restrictions;
•   unusual or significant litigation, governmental investigations, or adverse publicity arising out of alleged defects in products, perceived environmental impacts, or otherwise;
•   adverse effects on results from a decrease in or cessation or clawback of government incentives related to investments;
•   cybersecurity risks to operational systems, security systems, or infrastructure owned by ford, ford credit, or a third-party vendor or supplier;
•   failure of financial institutions to fulfill commitments under committed credit and liquidity facilities;
•   inability of ford credit to access debt, securitization, or derivative markets around the world at competitive rates or in sufficient amounts, due to credit rating downgrades, market volatility, market disruption, regulatory requirements, or other factors;
•   higher-than-expected credit losses, lower-than-anticipated residual values, or higher-than-expected return volumes for leased vehicles;
•   increased competition from banks, financial institutions, or other third parties seeking to increase their share of financing ford vehicles; and
•   new or increased credit regulations, consumer or data protection regulations, or other regulations resulting in higher costs and/or additional financing restrictions.
we cannot be certain that any expectation, forecast, or assumption made in preparing forward-looking statements will prove accurate, or that any projection will be realized. it is to be expected that there may be differences between projected and actual results. our forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of their initial issuance, and we do not undertake any obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. for additional discussion, see "item 1a. risk factors" above.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
non-gaap financial measure reconciliations the following charts show our non-gaap financial measure reconciliations for: adjusted pre-tax profit, adjusted earnings per share, adjusted effective tax rate, and ford credit managed receivables. the gaap reconciliation for ford credit managed leverage can be found in the financial services segment section of "liquidity and capital resources."
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
2016 supplemental financial information the tables below provide supplemental consolidating financial information. the data is presented by our reportable segments, automotive and financial services. all other, special items, and adjustments include our operating segments that did not meet the quantitative threshold to qualify as a reportable segment, special items (which primarily consists of our pension and opeb remeasurement gains and losses), eliminations of intersegment transactions, and deferred tax netting.
selected income statement information. the following table provides supplemental income statement information, by segment (in millions):
for the year ended december 31, 2016
automotive            financialservices             all other, special items, &amp; adjustments              consolidated revenues                                          $141,546                    $10,253                                             $1                            $151,800
total costs and expenses                           135,158                      8,904                                          3,622                             147,684
equity in net income of affiliated companies         1,747                         33                                              -                               1,780
income/(loss) before income taxes                    9,422                      1,820                                         (4,446                )              6,796
provision for/(benefit from) income taxes            3,109                        505                                         (1,425                )              2,189
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
selected balance sheet information. the following tables provide supplemental balance sheet information, by segment (in millions):
assets                                                 automotive           financialservices       all other, special items, &amp; adjustments                  consolidated cash and cash equivalents                            $7,820                    $8,077               $8                                                         $15,905
marketable securities                                19,642                     3,280               -                                                           22,922
financial services finance receivables, net               -                    46,266               -                                                           46,266
other assets                                          2,328                     1,040               -                                                            3,368
total current assets                                 43,152                    66,092               (783                              )                        108,461
financial services finance receivables, net               -                    49,924               -                                                           49,924
net investment in operating leases                    1,620                    27,209               -                                                           28,829
equity in net assets of affiliated companies          3,136                       153                                            15                              3,304
other assets                                          3,993                     1,617                                            46                              5,656
total assets                                        $96,929                  $146,252               $(5,230                           )                       $237,951
liabilities payables                                                $20,239            $1,057      $-                      $21,296
other liabilities and deferred revenue                   18,193             1,120              3                19,316
automotive debt payable within one year                   2,685                 -      -                         2,685
financial services debt payable within one year               -            46,984      -                        46,984
total current liabilities                                41,901            49,161      (781        )            90,281
other liabilities and deferred revenue                   23,414   972                          9                24,395
financial services long-term debt                             -            80,079      -                        80,079
total liabilities                                       $79,631          $134,317      $(5,280     )          $208,668
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
selected cash flow information. the following tables provide supplemental cash flow information, by segment (in millions):
for the year ended december 31, 2016
cash flows from operating activities                                                                                 automotive            financialservices        all other, special items, &amp; adjustments                   consolidated net income                                                                                                         $6,313                     $1,315                $(3,021                           )                          $4,607
provision for credit and insurance losses                                                                               -                        672                -                                                               672
equity investment (earnings)/losses in excess of dividends received                                                  (148     )                  (30       )        -                                                              (178      )
foreign currency adjustments                                                                                          297                        (14       )        -                                                               283
net (gain)/loss on changes in investments in affiliates                                                              (139     )                    -                -                                                              (139      )
net change in wholesale and other receivables                                                                           -                     (1,449       )        -                                                            (1,449      )
provision for deferred income taxes                                                                                   634                        844                -                                                             1,478
decrease/(increase) in accounts receivable and other assets                                                        (2,516     )                 (339       )        -                                                            (2,855      )
increase/(decrease) in accounts payable and accrued and other liabilities                                           6,176                        414                                              5                               6,595
interest supplements and residual value support to financial services                                              (4,072     )                4,072                -                                                                 -
net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities                                                                11,045                     $8,754                $(7                               )                         $19,792
automotive capital spending                                                                                        (6,947     )
funded pension contributions                                                                                        1,155
*   we measure and evaluate our automotive segment operating cash flow on a different basis than net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities in our consolidated statement of cash flows. automotive segment operating cash flow includes additional elements management considers to be related to our automotive operating activities, primarily capital spending and non-designated derivatives, and excludes outflows for funded pension contributions, separation payments, and other items that are considered operating cash flows under u.s. gaap. the table above quantifies the reconciling adjustments to net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities for the period ended december 31, 2016.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
for the year ended december 31, 2016
cash flows from investing activities                           automotive                 financialservices        all other, special items, &amp; adjustments                   consolidated capital spending                                               $(6,947     )                   $(45       )        $-                                                          $(6,992      )
acquisitions of finance receivables and operating leases       -                            (56,007       )        -                                                           (56,007      )
purchases of equity and debt securities                        (24,133     )                 (7,289       )        (6                                )                         (31,428      )
sales and maturities of equity and debt securities             22,598                         6,756                -                                                            29,354
investing activity (to)/from other segments                           80                          -                (80                               )                               -
net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities            $(7,621     )               $(17,596       )        $(135                             )                        $(25,352      )
cash flows from financing activities cash dividends                                                                           $(3,376   )          $-           $-          $(3,376   )
net changes in short-term debt                                                               404           3,460           -             3,864
financing activity to/(from) other segments                                                    -            (150   )   150                   -
net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities                                        $(964   )      $8,272           $150         $7,458
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                $(26   )       $(239   )       $-            $(265   )
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
critical accounting estimates we consider an accounting estimate to be critical if: 1) the accounting estimate requires us to make assumptions about matters that were highly uncertain at the time the accounting estimate was made, and 2) changes in the estimate that are reasonably likely to occur from period to period, or use of different estimates that we reasonably could have used in the current period, would have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations.
management has discussed the development and selection of these critical accounting estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors. in addition, there are other items within our financial statements that require estimation, but are not deemed critical as defined above. changes in estimates used in these and other items could have a material impact on our financial statements.
warranty and field service actions nature of estimates required. we provide warranties on the products we sell. separately, we also periodically perform field service actions related to safety recalls, emission recalls, and other product campaigns. pursuant to these warranties and field service actions, we will repair, replace or adjust all parts on a vehicle that are defective in factory-supplied materials or workmanship.  we accrue the estimated cost of both basic warranty coverages and field service actions at the time of sale.
assumptions and approach used. we establish estimates for warranty and field service action obligations using a patterned estimation model. we use historical information regarding the nature, frequency, and average cost of claims for each vehicle line by model year. we reevaluate our estimate of warranty and field service obligations on a regular basis. experience has shown that initial data for any given model year may be volatile; therefore, our process relies on long-term historical averages until sufficient data are available. as actual experience becomes available, we use the data to modify the historical averages in order to ensure that the estimate is within the range of likely outcomes. we then compare the resulting accruals with present spending rates to ensure that the balances are adequate to meet expected future obligations. based on this data, we revise our estimates as necessary. warranty coverages vary; therefore, our warranty accruals vary depending upon the type of product and the geographic location of its sale for specific periods of time and/or mileage. field service actions are distinguishable from warranties in that they may occur in periods beyond the basic warranty coverage period. our best estimate of the obligation related to field service actions includes expected future payments.
due to the uncertainty and potential volatility of these factors, changes in our assumptions could materially affect our financial condition and results of operations. see note 24 of the notes to the financial statements for information regarding warranty and product recall related costs.
pensions and other postretirement employee benefits nature of estimates required. the estimation of our defined benefit pension and opeb plan obligations and expenses requires that we make use of estimates of the present value of the projected future payments to all participants, taking into consideration the likelihood of potential future events such as demographic experience and health care cost increases. plan obligations and expenses are based on existing retirement plan provisions. no assumption is made regarding any potential future changes to benefit provisions beyond those to which we are presently committed (e.g., in existing labor contracts).
assumptions and approach used. the assumptions used in developing the required estimates include the following key factors:
•   discount rates. our discount rate assumption is based primarily on the results of a cash flow matching analysis, which matches the future cash outflows for each major plan to a yield curve based on high-quality bonds specific to the country of the plan. benefit payments are discounted at the rates on the curve to determine the year-end obligations.
beginning in 2016, we changed the approach used to estimate the service and interest components of net periodic benefit cost for pension and opeb for plans that utilize a yield curve approach. with this refinement, we measure service and interest costs by applying the specific spot rates along that yield curve to the relevant projected cash flows for each component. we believe this approach provides a more precise measurement of service and interest costs. this refinement has no effect on the measurement of our plan obligations or on full year pension and opeb expense as lower service and interest costs recorded quarterly are offset in the fourth quarter remeasurement. we have accounted for this as a change in accounting estimate and accordingly, have accounted for it on a prospective basis.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
•   expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. our expected long-term rate of return considers various sources, primarily inputs from a range of advisors for capital market returns, inflation, bond yields, and other variables, adjusted for specific aspects of our investment strategy by plan. historical returns also are considered where appropriate. the assumption is based on consideration of all inputs, with a focus on long-term trends to avoid short-term market influences.
•   inflation. our inflation assumption is based on an evaluation of external market indicators, including real gross domestic product growth and central bank inflation targets.
•   expected contributions. our expected amount and timing of contributions are based on an assessment of minimum requirements, cash availability, and other considerations (e.g., funded status, avoidance of regulatory premiums and levies, and tax efficiency).
•   mortality rates. mortality rates are developed to reflect actual and projected plan experience.
•   health care cost trends. our health care cost trend assumptions are developed based on historical cost data, the near-term outlook, and an assessment of likely long-term trends.
assumptions are set at each year-end and are generally not changed during the year unless there is a major plan event such as a significant curtailment or settlement that would trigger a plan remeasurement.
see note 13 of the notes to the financial statements for more information regarding pension and opeb costs and assumptions.
pension plans effect of actual results. the year-end 2016 weighted average discount rate was 4.03% for u.s. plans and 2.44% for non-u.s. plans, reflecting decreases of 24 and 76 basis points, respectively, compared with year-end 2015. in 2016, the u.s. actual return on assets was 8.6%, which was higher than the expected long-term rate of return of 6.75%. non-u.s. actual return on assets was 14%, which was higher than the expected long-term rate of return of 5.56%. in total, these differences, in addition to demographic and other updates, resulted in a net loss of $2.8 billion which has been recognized within net periodic benefit cost and reported as a special item.
for 2017, the expected long-term rate of return on assets is 6.75% for u.s. plans unchanged from 2016, and 5.19% for non-u.s. plans, down 37 basis points compared with a year ago, primarily reflecting lower consensus on capital market return expectations from advisors.
de-risking strategy. we employ a broad global de-risking strategy which increases the matching characteristics of our assets relative to our obligation as funded status improves. changes in interest rates (which directly influence changes in discount rates), in addition to other factors, have a significant impact on the value of our pension obligation and fixed income asset portfolio. as we de-risk our plans and increase the allocation to fixed income investments over time, we expect the funded status sensitivity to changes in interest rates will be significantly reduced. changes in interest rates should result in offsetting effects in the value of our pension obligation and the value of the fixed income asset portfolio.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
sensitivity analysis. the december 31, 2016 pension funded status and 2017 expense are affected by year-end 2016 assumptions. sensitivities to these assumptions may be asymmetric and are specific to the time periods noted. the effects of changes in the factors which generally have the largest impact on year-end funded status and pension expense are discussed below.
discount rates and interest rates have the largest impact on our obligations and fixed income assets. the table below estimates the impact on our funded status of an increase/decrease in discount rates and interest rates (in millions):
basis          increase/(decrease) in point          december 31, 2016 funded status factor                                change         u.s. plans                     non-u.s. plans discount rate - obligation            +/- 100 bps.   $4,700/$(5,700)                $4,500/$(5,900)
interest rate - fixed income assets   +/- 100        (4,100)/5,000                  (2,700)/3,500
the fixed income asset sensitivity shown excludes other fixed income return components (e.g., changes in credit spreads, bond coupon and active management excess returns), and growth asset returns. other factors that impact net funded status (e.g., contributions) are not reflected.
interest rates and the expected long-term rate of return on assets have the largest impact on pension expense. these assumptions are generally set at each year-end for expense recorded throughout the following year. the table below estimates the impact on pension expense of a higher/lower assumption for these factors (in millions):
basis                        increase/(decrease) in point                                  2016 expense factor                                           change        u.s. plans             non-u.s. plans interest rate - service cost and interest cost   +/- 25 bps.    $30/$(30)                  $10/$(10)
expected long-term rate of return on assets      +/- 25         (100)/100                    (60)/60
the impact of changing multiple factors simultaneously cannot be calculated by combining the individual sensitivities. the sensitivity of pension expense to an increase in discount rates assumptions may not be linear.
other postretirement employee benefits effect of actual results. the weighted average discount rate used to determine the benefit obligation for worldwide opeb plans at december 31, 2015 was 4.23%, compared with 4% at december 31, 2016, resulting in a worldwide loss of about $200 million which has been recognized within net periodic benefit cost and reported as a special item.
sensitivity analysis. discount rates and interest rates have the largest impact on our opeb obligation and expense. the table below estimates the impact on 2017 pension expense of higher/lower assumptions for these factors (in millions):
worldwide opeb basis          (increase)/decrease 2016 ye obligation          increase/(decrease) 2017 expense point factor                                           change discount rate - obligation                       +/- 100 bps.   $600/$(800)                                     n/a interest rate - service cost and interest cost   +/- 25         n/a                                             $5/$(5)
income taxes nature of estimates required. we must make estimates and apply judgment in determining the provision for income taxes for financial reporting purposes. we make these estimates and judgments primarily in the following areas: (i) the calculation of tax credits, (ii) the calculation of differences in the timing of recognition of revenue and expense for tax and financial statement purposes that will ultimately be reported in tax returns, as well as (iii) the calculation of interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions. changes in these estimates and judgments may result in a material increase or decrease to our tax provision, which would be recorded in the period in which the change occurs.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
assumptions and approach used. we are subject to the income tax laws and regulations of the many jurisdictions in which we operate. these tax laws and regulations are complex and involve uncertainties in the application to our facts and circumstances that may be open to interpretation. we recognize benefits for these uncertain tax positions based upon a process that requires judgment regarding the technical application of the laws, regulations, and various related judicial opinions. if, in our judgment, it is more likely than not that the uncertain tax position will be settled favorably to us, we estimate an amount that ultimately will be realized. this process is inherently subjective, since it requires our assessment of the probability of future outcomes. we evaluate these uncertain tax positions on a quarterly basis, including consideration of changes in facts and circumstances, such as new regulations or recent judicial opinions, as well as the status of audit activities by taxing authorities. changes to our estimate of the amount to be realized are recorded in our provision for income taxes during the period in which the change occurred.
we must also assess the likelihood that we will be able to recover our deferred tax assets against future sources of taxable income. gaap requires a reduction of the carrying amount of deferred tax assets by recording a valuation allowance if, based on all available evidence, it is more likely than not (defined as a likelihood of more than 50%) that all or a portion of such assets will not be realized.
we presently believe that a valuation allowance of $909 million is required, primarily related to deferred tax assets in various non-u.s. operations. we believe that we ultimately will recover the remaining $9 billion of deferred tax assets. we have assessed recoverability of these assets, and concluded that no valuation allowance is required.
for additional information regarding income taxes, see note 21 of the notes to the financial statements.
allowance for credit losses the allowance for credit losses represents ford credit's estimate of the probable credit loss inherent in finance receivables and operating leases as of the balance sheet date. the adequacy of ford credit's allowance for credit losses is assessed quarterly and the assumptions and models used in establishing the allowance are evaluated regularly. because credit losses can vary substantially over time, estimating credit losses requires a number of assumptions about matters that are uncertain. see note 8 of the notes to the financial statements for more information regarding allowance for credit losses.
nature of estimates required. ford credit estimates the probable credit losses inherent in finance receivables and operating leases based on several factors.
consumer portfolio. ford credit estimates the allowance for credit losses on consumer receivables and on operating leases using a combination of measurement models and management judgment. the models consider factors such as historical trends in credit losses and recoveries (including key metrics such as delinquencies, repossessions, and bankruptcies), the composition of ford credit's present portfolio (including vehicle brand, term, risk evaluation, and new/used vehicles), trends in historical used vehicle values, and economic conditions. estimates from these models rely on historical information and may not fully reflect losses inherent in the present portfolio. therefore, ford credit may adjust the estimate to reflect management judgment regarding observable changes in recent economic trends and conditions, portfolio composition, and other relevant factors.
assumptions used. ford credit's allowance for credit losses is based on assumptions regarding:
•   loss severity. the expected difference between the amount a customer owes when the finance contract is charged off and the amount received, net of expenses, from selling the repossessed vehicle.
collective allowance for credit losses. the collective allowance is evaluated primarily using a collective loss-to- receivables ("ltr") model that, based on historical experience, indicates credit losses have been incurred in the portfolio even though the particular accounts that are uncollectible cannot be specifically identified. the ltr model is based on the most recent years of history. each ltr is calculated by dividing credit losses by average finance receivables or average operating leases, excluding unearned interest supplements and allowance for credit losses. an average ltr is calculated for each product and multiplied by the end-of-period balances for that given product.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
ford credit's largest markets also use a loss projection model to estimate losses inherent in the portfolio. the loss projection model applies recent monthly performance metrics, stratified by contract type (retail or lease), contract term (e.g., 60-month), and risk rating to ford credit's active portfolio to estimate the losses that have been incurred.
the loss emergence period ("lep") is an assumption within ford credit's models and represents the average amount of time between when a loss event first occurs to when it is charged off. this time period starts when the consumer begins to experience financial difficulty. it is evidenced, typically through delinquency, before eventually resulting in a charge-off. the lep is a multiplier in the calculation of the collective consumer allowance for credit losses.
for accounts greater than 120 days past due, the uncollectible portion is charged off, such that the remaining recorded investment is equal to the estimated fair value of the collateral less costs to sell.
specific allowance for impaired receivables. consumer receivables involved in troubled debt restructurings are specifically assessed for impairment. a specific allowance is estimated based on the present value of the expected future cash flows of the receivable discounted at the contract's original effective interest rate or the fair value of any collateral adjusted for estimated costs to sell.
after establishing the collective and specific allowance for credit losses, if ford credit management believes the allowance does not reflect all losses inherent in the portfolio due to changes in recent economic trends and conditions, or other relevant factors, an adjustment is made based on management judgment.
sensitivity analysis. changes in the assumptions used to derive frequency and severity would affect the allowance for credit losses. the effect of the indicated increase/decrease in the assumptions for ford credit's u.s. ford and lincoln brand retail financing and operating lease portfolio is as follows (in millions, except for percentages):
assumption                       change             increase/(decrease)
loss severity per unit           +/- 1.0%                         5/(5)
non-consumer portfolio. ford credit estimates the allowance for credit losses for non-consumer receivables based on historical ltr ratios, expected future cash flows, and the fair value of collateral.
collective allowance for credit losses. ford credit estimates an allowance for non-consumer receivables that are not specifically identified as impaired using a ltr model for each financing product based on historical experience. this ltr is an average of the most recent historical experience and is calculated consistent with the consumer receivables ltr approach. all accounts that are specifically identified as impaired are excluded from the calculation of the non-specific or collective allowance.
specific allowance for impaired receivables. dealer financing is evaluated by segmenting individual loans by the risk characteristics of the loan (such as the amount of the loan, the nature of the collateral, and the financial status of the debtor). the loans are analyzed to determine whether individual loans are impaired, and a specific allowance is estimated based on the present value of the expected future cash flows of the receivable discounted at the loan's original effective interest rate or the fair value of the collateral adjusted for estimated costs to sell.
after establishing the collective and specific allowance for credit losses, if ford credit management believes the allowance does not reflect all losses inherent in the portfolio due to changes in recent economic trends and conditions, or other relevant factors, an adjustment is made based on management judgment.
changes in ford credit's assumptions affect the financial services interest, operating, and other expenses on our income statement and the allowance for credit losses contained within financial services finance receivables, net and net investment in operating leases on our balance sheet.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
accumulated depreciation on vehicles subject to operating leases accumulated depreciation on vehicles subject to operating leases reduces the value of the leased vehicles in ford credit's operating lease portfolio from their original acquisition value to their expected residual value at the end of the lease term.
ford credit monitors residual values each month, and it reviews the adequacy of accumulated depreciation on a quarterly basis. if ford credit believes that the expected residual values for its vehicles have changed, it revises depreciation to ensure that net investment in operating leases (equal to the acquisition value of the vehicles less accumulated depreciation) will be adjusted to reflect ford credit's revised estimate of the expected residual value at the end of the lease term. such adjustments to depreciation expense would result in a change in the depreciation rates of the vehicles subject to operating leases and are recorded prospectively on a straight-line basis.
each lease customer has the option to buy the leased vehicle at the end of the lease or to return the vehicle to the dealer.
nature of estimates required.  each operating lease in ford credit's portfolio represents a vehicle it owns that has been leased to a customer. at the time ford credit purchases a lease, it establishes an expected residual value for the vehicle. ford credit estimates the expected residual value by evaluating recent auction values, return volumes for its leased vehicles, industrywide used vehicle prices, marketing incentive plans, and vehicle quality data.
assumptions used. ford credit's accumulated depreciation on vehicles subject to operating leases is based on assumptions regarding:
•   auction value. ford credit's projection of the market value of the vehicles when sold at the end of the lease; and
•   return volume. ford credit's projection of the number of vehicles that will be returned at lease-end.
see note 7 of the notes to the financial statements for more information regarding accumulated depreciation on vehicles subject to operating leases.
sensitivity analysis. for returned vehicles, ford credit faces a risk that the amount it obtains from the vehicle sold at auction will be less than its estimate of the expected residual value for the vehicle. the effect of the indicated increase/decrease in the assumptions for ford credit's u.s. ford and lincoln brand operating lease portfolio is as follows (in millions, except for percentages):
assumption              percentagechange   increase/(decrease)
future auction values   +/- 1.0            $(120)/$120
the impact of the change in assumptions on future auction values and return volumes would increase or decrease accumulated supplemental depreciation and depreciation expense over the remaining terms of the operating leases. adjustments to the amount of accumulated supplemental depreciation on operating leases would be reflected on our balance sheet as net investment in operating leases and on the income statement in financial services interest, operating, and other expenses.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
accounting standards issued but not yet adopted the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") has issued the following standards, which are not expected to have a material impact (with the exception of standards 2016-02, 2016-09, and 2016-13) to our financial statements or financial statement disclosures:
2017-03   accounting changes and error corrections and investments - equity method and joint ventures                    january 1, 2017
2016-17   consolidation - interests held through related parties that are under common control                           january 1, 2017
2016-09   stock compensation - improvements to employee share-based payment accounting                                   january 1, 2017 (b)
2016-07   equity method and joint ventures - simplifying the transition to the equity method of accounting               january 1, 2017
2016-06   derivatives and hedging - contingent put and call options in debt instruments                                  january 1, 2017
2016-05   derivatives and hedging - effect of derivative contract novations on existing hedge accounting relationships   january 1, 2017
2017-01   business combinations - clarifying the definition of a business                                                january 1, 2018
2016-16   income taxes - intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory                                           january 1, 2018
2016-04   extinguishments of liabilities - recognition of breakage for certain prepaid stored-value products             january 1, 2018
2016-01   financial instruments - recognition and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities              january 1, 2018
2014-09   revenue - revenue from contracts with customers                                                                january 1, 2018 (b) (c)
2017-04   goodwill and other - simplifying the test for goodwill impairment                                              january 1, 2020
2016-13   credit losses - measurement of credit losses on financial instruments                                          january 1, 2020 (b)
(a)early adoption for each of the standards, except standard 2016-01, is permitted.
(b)for additional information, see note 3 of the notes to the financial statements.
(c)   the fasb has issued the following updates to the revenue from contracts with customers standard: accounting standard update ("asu") 2015-14 (deferral of the effective date), asu 2016-08 (principal versus agent considerations (reporting revenue gross versus net)), asu 2016-10 (identifying performance obligations and licensing), and asu 2016-12 (narrow-scope improvements and practical expedients). we will adopt the new revenue guidance effective january 1, 2017.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
aggregate contractual obligations we are party to many contractual obligations involving commitments to make payments to third parties. most of these are debt obligations incurred by our financial services segment. long-term debt may have fixed or variable interest rates. for long-term debt with variable-rate interest, we estimate the future interest payments based on projected market interest rates for various floating-rate benchmarks received from third parties. in addition, as part of our normal business practices, we enter into contracts with suppliers for purchases of certain raw materials, components, and services to facilitate adequate supply of these materials and services. these arrangements may contain fixed or minimum quantity purchase requirements. "purchase obligations" are defined as off-balance sheet agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding on the company and that specify all significant terms.
2017                                                                   2018 - 2019           2020 - 2021            2022 and thereafter                 total non-financial services on-balance sheet long-term debt (a)                                $1,389              $2,241                $1,682                      $9,573                    $14,885
capital leases (b)                                    32                 103                    17                           8                        160
total non-financial services                       4,540               6,137                 4,177                      18,761                     33,615
financial services on-balance sheet long-term debt (a)                                31,655              45,363                23,485                      11,176                    111,679
total financial services                          34,218              48,776                25,223                      12,360                    120,577
(a)   excludes unamortized debt discounts/premiums, debt issuance costs, and fair value adjustments.
(c)   amounts represent our estimate of contractually obligated deficit contributions to u.k. and ford-werke plans. see note 13 for further information regarding our expected 2017 pension contributions and funded status.
the amount of unrecognized tax benefits for 2016 of $1.6 billion (see note 21 of the notes to the financial statements for additional discussion) is excluded from the table above. final settlement of a significant portion of these obligations will require bilateral tax agreements among us and various countries, the timing of which cannot reasonably be estimated.
for additional information regarding operating lease obligations, pension and opeb obligations, and long-term debt, see notes 7, 13, and 14, respectively, of the notes to the financial statements.