item 1a. risk factors.
this report contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of united states (u.s.) federal securities laws. forward-looking statements are all statements other than statements of historical facts, such as projections or expectations relating to ore grades and milling rates; production and sales volumes; unit net cash costs; operating cash flows; capital expenditures; exploration efforts and results; development and production activities and costs; liquidity; tax rates; the impact of copper, gold and molybdenum price changes; the impact of deferred intercompany profits on earnings; reserve estimates; future dividend payments; and share purchases and sales.
financial risks declines in the market prices of copper and molybdenum have adversely affected our earnings, cash flows and asset values and, if sustained, may adversely affect our ability to repay debt. fluctuations in the market prices of copper, gold and molybdenum have caused and may continue to cause significant volatility in our financial performance and in the trading prices of our debt and common stock.
our financial results will vary with fluctuations in the market prices of the commodities we produce, primarily copper and gold, and to a lesser extent molybdenum. as described below, beginning in 2015, copper prices declined significantly, before recovering in fourth-quarter 2016. if prices decline in the future, they may have a material adverse effect on our financial results, the value of our assets and/or our ability to repay our debt and meet our other fixed obligations; and may depress the trading prices of our common stock and of our publicly traded debt securities.
in response to market-conditions, beginning in the second half of 2015, we made adjustments to operating plans for our mining operations, including reducing operating and capital costs and adjusting production at our north america copper mines; reducing mining and stacking rates at our el abra mine in chile by approximately 50 percent to achieve lower operating and labor costs, defer capital expenditures and extend the life of the operation; and operating the henderson molybdenum mine in colorado at reduced rates. if market prices for our primary commodities decline or persist at low levels, we may have to further revise our operating plans, including curtailing production, reducing operating costs and capital expenditures and discontinuing certain exploration and development programs. we may be unable to decrease our costs in an amount sufficient to offset reductions in revenues, in which case we may incur additional losses, and those losses may be material.
fluctuations in commodities prices are caused by varied and complex factors beyond our control, including global supply and demand balances and inventory levels; global economic and political conditions; international regulatory, trade and tax policies; commodities investment activity and speculation; the price and availability of substitute products; and changes in technology.
copper prices may be affected by demand from china, which has become the largest consumer of refined copper in the world, and by changes in demand for industrial, commercial and residential products containing copper. copper prices declined significantly during 2015 and remained low throughout most of 2016, with london metal exchange (lme) spot copper prices averaging $2.21 per pound in 2016, $2.49 per pound in 2015 and $3.11 per pound in 2014. during fourth-quarter 2016, copper prices improved, with the lme spot price averaging $2.39 per pound. the lme spot copper price was $2.50 per pound on december 31, 2016, and $2.73 per pound on february 15, 2017.
molybdenum prices also declined significantly during 2015 and have remained low throughout 2016, with the metals week molybdenum dealer oxide weekly average price averaging $6.47 per pound in 2016, $6.66 per pound in 2015 and $11.41 per pound in 2014. the metals week molybdenum dealer oxide weekly average price was $7.59 per pound on february 15, 2017.
lower copper and molybdenum prices during 2016 and 2015 resulted in non-cash charges for inventory adjustments ($36 million for the year 2016 and $338 million for the year 2015) and long-lived mining asset impairments ($37 million for the year 2015). refer to notes 4 and 5 for additional information. declines in copper and/or molybdenum prices could result in additional metals inventory adjustments and impairment charges for our long-lived assets. other events that could result in impairment of our long-lived assets include, but are not limited to, decreases in estimated proven and probable mineral reserves and any event that might have a material adverse effect on mine production costs.
our debt and other financial commitments may limit our financial and operating flexibility.
at december 31, 2016, our total consolidated debt was $16.0 billion (see note 8) and our total consolidated cash was $4.2 billion. we also have various other financial commitments, including reclamation and environmental obligations, take-or-pay contracts and leases. our level of indebtedness and other financial commitments could have important consequences to our business, including the following:
•   limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the industries in which we operate;
•   increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions;
•   limiting our ability to fund future working capital, capital expenditures and/or material contingencies, to engage in future development activities, or to otherwise realize the value of our assets and opportunities fully because of the need to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to payments on our debt;
•   placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt and/or fewer financial commitments.
any failure to comply with the financial and other covenants in our debt agreements may result in an event of default that would allow the creditors to accelerate maturities of the related debt, which in turn may trigger cross-acceleration or cross-default provisions in other debt agreements. our available cash and liquidity would not be sufficient to fully repay borrowings under our debt instruments that are accelerated upon an event of default.
from august 2015 through november 2016, we sold 326.5 million shares of our common stock under registered at-the-market equity programs, which generated $3.5 billion in gross proceeds (refer to note 10). in addition, during 2016, we issued 48.1 million shares of our common stock in connection with the settlement of two drilling rig contracts (refer to note 13) and 27.7 million shares of our common stock in exchange for $369 million of fcx senior notes (refer to note 10). any additional issuance of equity capital to fund operations, reduce debt, improve our financial position or for other purposes, may have a negative impact on our stock price.
as of february 15, 2017, our senior unsecured debt was rated "bb-" with a stable outlook by standard & poor's (s&p), "bbb-" with a negative outlook by fitch ratings (fitch), and "b1" with a positive outlook by moody's investors service (moody's). there is no assurance that our credit ratings will not be downgraded in the future. for more information, refer to the risk factor below relating to mine closure and reclamation regulations and plugging and abandonment obligations related to our remaining oil and gas operations.
mine closure and reclamation regulations impose substantial costs on our operations and include requirements that we provide financial assurance supporting those obligations. we also have plugging and abandonment obligations related to our remaining oil and gas properties, and are required to provide bonds or other forms of financial assurance in connection with those operations. changes in or the failure to comply with these requirements could have a material adverse effect on us.
we are required by u.s. federal and state laws and regulations to provide financial assurance sufficient to allow a third party to implement approved closure and reclamation plans for our mining properties if we are unable to do so. the u.s. environmental protection agency (epa) and state agencies may also require financial assurance for investigation and remediation actions that are required under settlements of enforcement actions under the comprehensive environmental response, compensation and liability act of 1980 (cercla) or similar state laws. refer to note 12 for additional information regarding our financial assurance obligations.
with respect to our mining operations, most of our financial assurance obligations are imposed by state laws that vary significantly by jurisdiction, depending on how each state regulates land use and groundwater quality. although section 108(b) of cercla has required epa to identify classes of facilities that must establish evidence of financial responsibility since it was adopted in 1980, currently there are no financial assurance requirements for active mining operations under cercla. in august 2014, several environmental organizations initiated litigation against epa to require it to set a schedule for adopting financial assurance regulations under cercla governing the hard rock mining industry. epa and the environmental organizations reached a joint agreement and submitted it to the u.s. court of appeals for the district of columbia circuit for approval. notwithstanding industry objections, the court approved the agreement on january 29, 2016, thereby requiring the epa to propose financial assurance regulations for the hard rock mining industry by december 1, 2016, and to provide notice of its final action by december 1, 2017. the proposed regulations were published on january 11, 2017, subject to a 60-day comment period. the proposed rules, if promulgated without material modification, would result in onerous financial responsibility obligations for our u.s. hard rock mining operations, and the form, cost and availability of financial mechanisms necessary to meet such obligations is uncertain (if they could be met at all). in addition, complying with these obligations could be very costly, harm the international competitiveness of our u.s. hard rock mining operations and could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition.
we are also subject to financial assurance requirements in connection with our remaining oil and gas operations under both state and federal laws, including financial responsibility required under the oil pollution act of 1990 to cover containment and cleanup costs resulting from an oil spill. in 2016, the u.s. bureau of ocean energy management issued revised requirements for lessees operating in federal waters to secure the cost of plugging, abandoning, decommissioning and/or removing wells, platforms and pipelines at the end of production. the revised requirements eliminate previously provided waivers from requirements to post security. the new requirements to post significant amounts of security in the form of bonds or similar assurances could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. the cost for bonds or assurances can be substantial, and there is no assurance that they can be obtained in all cases.
as of december 31, 2016, our financial assurance obligations totaled $1.1 billion for closure and reclamation/restoration costs of u.s. mining sites, and $0.7 billion for plugging and abandonment obligations of our remaining oil and gas operations (refer to note 12). a substantial portion of our financial assurance obligations are satisfied by fcx guarantees and financial capability demonstrations. as a result of the downgrade of our credit ratings on our debt to below investment grade by s&p and moody's, we may be required to provide additional or alternative forms of financial assurance, such as letters of credit, surety bonds or collateral. these other forms of assurance are costly to provide and, depending on our financial condition and market conditions, may be difficult or impossible to obtain. failure to provide the required financial assurance could result in the closure of the affected properties.
unanticipated litigation or negative developments in pending litigation or with respect to other contingencies could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition.
we are involved in numerous legal proceedings and subject to other contingencies that have arisen or may arise in the ordinary course of our business or are associated with environmental issues arising from legacy operations conducted over the years by freeport minerals corporation (fmc) and its affiliates, including those described in
note 12 and in item 3. "legal proceedings" involving matters such as remediation, restoration and reclamation of environmental contamination, claims of personal injury or property damage arising from such contamination or from exposure to substances such as lead, arsenic, asbestos, talc and other allegedly toxic substances, disputes over water rights, and disputes with foreign governments or regulatory authorities over royalties, taxes, rights and obligations under concession or other agreements, or other matters. we are also involved periodically in other reviews, inquiries, investigations and other proceedings initiated by or involving government agencies, some of which may result in adverse judgments, settlements, fines, penalties, injunctions or other relief. in addition, from time to time we are involved in disputes over the allocation of environmental remediation obligations at superfund and other sites. the outcome of litigation is inherently uncertain and adverse developments or outcomes can result in significant monetary damages, penalties, other sanctions or injunctive relief against us, limitations on our property rights, or regulatory interpretations that increase our operating costs. management does not believe, based on currently available information, that the outcome of any individual legal proceeding will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, although individual or cumulative outcomes could be material to our operating results for a particular period, depending on the nature and magnitude of the outcome and the operating results for the period.
with respect to the asbestos exposure cases described in note 12, there has been an increase in the number of cases against fmc and its affiliates alleging exposure to talc contaminated with asbestos and to talc that is not alleged to be contaminated with asbestos. recently, there have been a limited number of large jury awards in single plaintiff cases primarily brought by consumers against makers of common consumer products containing talc and alleging serious health risks, including ovarian cancer associated with long-term use of such products. prior affiliates were involved in talc mining, and some of those affiliates have been named as defendants in some of those cases. we have indemnification rights against a successor to those businesses, and the successor has acknowledged those indemnification obligations and has taken responsibility for all cases we have tendered to it. however, the indemnitor may have limited financial resources and limited amounts of insurance available to meet those obligations.
international risks our international operations are subject to political, social and geographic risks of doing business in countries outside the u.s.
we are a u.s.-based mining company with substantial assets located outside of the u.s. we conduct international mining operations in indonesia, peru and chile. accordingly, in addition to the usual risks associated with conducting business in countries outside the u.s., our business may be adversely affected by political, economic and social uncertainties in each of these countries. risks of conducting business in countries outside of the u.s. include:
•   political instability, bribery, extortion, corruption, civil strife, acts of war, guerrilla activities, insurrection and terrorism;
•   changes in the aspirations and expectations of local communities in which we operate with respect to our contributions to employee health and safety, infrastructure and community development and other factors that may affect our social license to operate, all of which lead to increased costs;
•   changes in u.s. trade, tax, immigration or other policies that may harm relations with foreign countries or result in retaliatory policies;
•   the risk of having to submit to the jurisdiction of an international court or arbitration panel or having to enforce the judgment of an international court or arbitration panel against a sovereign nation within its own territory.
our insurance does not cover most losses caused by the above described risks. accordingly, our exploration, development and production activities outside of the u.s. may be substantially affected by many unpredictable factors beyond our control, some of which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition.
our international operations must comply with the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and similar anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws of the other jurisdictions in which we operate. there has been a substantial increase in the global enforcement of these laws in recent years, and a steadily increasing focus on enforcement of those laws continues. any violation of those laws could result in significant criminal or civil fines and penalties, litigation, and loss of operating licenses or permits, and may damage our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition.
we are involved in several significant tax proceedings and other tax disputes with the indonesian and peruvian tax authorities (refer to note 12 for further discussion of these matters). other risks specific to certain countries in which we operate are discussed in more detail below.
because our grasberg mining operation in indonesia is a significant operating asset, our business may continue to be adversely affected by political, economic and social uncertainties in indonesia.
our mining operations in indonesia are conducted by our subsidiary pt freeport indonesia (pt-fi) pursuant to a contract of work (cow) with the indonesian government. maintaining a good working relationship with the indonesian government is important to us because of the significance of our indonesia operations to our business, and because our mining operations there are among indonesia's most significant business enterprises. partially because of their significance to indonesia's economy, the environmentally sensitive area in which they are located, and the number of people employed, our indonesia operations have been the subject of political debates and of criticism in the indonesian press, and have been the target of protests and occasional violence. for further discussion of the history of pt-fi's cow, refer to note 13.
the initial term of pt-fi's cow expires in 2021, but the cow explicitly provides that it can be extended for two 10-year periods subject to indonesian government approval, which cannot be withheld or delayed unreasonably. pt-fi has been engaged in discussions with officials of the indonesian government since 2012 regarding various provisions of its cow, including extending its term. notwithstanding provisions in the cow prohibiting it from doing so, the indonesian government has sought to modify existing mining contracts, including pt-fi's cow, to address provisions contained in the mining law enacted in 2009; and mining regulations adopted thereunder, including provisions that conflict with the cow, such as the size of contract concessions, government revenues, domestic processing of minerals, divestment, provision of local goods and services, conversion from a cow to a licensing framework for extension periods, and a requirement that extensions may be applied for only within two years prior to a cow's expiration.
regulations published in january 2014 imposed, among other things, a progressive export duty on copper concentrate and restricted exports of copper concentrate and anode slimes (a by-product of the copper refining process containing metals, including gold) after january 12, 2017. despite pt-fi's rights under its cow to export concentrate without the payment of duties, pt-fi was unable to obtain administrative approval for exports and operated at approximately half of its capacity from mid-january 2014 through july 2014.
in july 2014, pt-fi entered into a memorandum of understanding (mou) with the indonesian government, in which, subject to concluding an agreement to extend pt-fi's operations beyond 2021 on acceptable terms, pt-fi agreed to construct new smelter capacity in indonesia and to divest an additional 20.64 percent interest at fair value. under the mou, pt-fi provided a $115 million assurance bond to support its commitment for smelter development, agreed to pay higher royalty rates and agreed to pay export duties until certain smelter development milestones were met. the mou also anticipated an amendment of the cow within six months to address other matters; however, no terms of the cow other than those relating to the smelter bond, increased royalties and export duties were changed. in january 2015, the mou was extended to july 25, 2015, and it expired on that date. the indonesian government has continued to impose the increased royalty rates, export duties and smelter assurance bond.
in october 2015, the indonesian government provided a letter of assurance to pt-fi indicating that it would revise regulations allowing it to approve the extension of pt-fi's operations beyond 2021, and provide the same rights and the same level of legal and fiscal certainty provided under the current cow.
in january and february 2017, the indonesian government issued new regulations to address exports of unrefined metals, including copper concentrate and anode slimes, and other matters related to the mining sector. the new regulations permit the continuation of copper concentrate exports for a five-year period through january 2022, subject to various conditions, including conversion from a contract of work to a special operating license (known as an iupk, which provides virtually none of the protections of a contract of work), commitment to completion of smelter construction in five years and payment of export duties to be determined by the ministry of finance. in addition, the new regulations enable application for extension of operating rights five years before expiration of the iupk and require foreign iupk holders to divest 51 percent to indonesian interests no later than the tenth year of production. export licenses would be valid for one-year periods, subject to review every six months, depending on smelter construction progress.
the january 2017 regulations permit the export of anode slimes, which is necessary for pt smelting (ptfi's 25-percent-owned copper smelter and refinery located in gresik, indonesia) to continue operating. pt smelting is seeking to renew its anode slimes export license; however, we cannot predict when pt smelting's anode slimes export license may be renewed. in addition, a labor strike at pt smelting has resulted in a shutdown of its operations since january 19, 2017. although pt-fi is taking near-term actions to reduce production to match available processing capacity at pt smelting, or approximately 40 percent of pt-fi's concentrate production capacity, on february 10, 2017, pt-fi was forced to suspend production as a result of limited storage capacity at pt-fi and pt smelting. pt smelting has indicated that it expects to resume operations in march 2017. delays in pt smelting obtaining its anode slimes export license or restarting operations could further impact pt-fi's operations.
following the issuance of the january and february 2017 regulations and discussions with the government, pt-fi advised the indonesian government that it was prepared to convert its cow to an iupk, subject to obtaining an investment stability agreement providing equivalent rights with the same level of legal and fiscal certainty enumerated under its cow, and provided that the cow would remain in effect until it is replaced by a mutually satisfactory alternative. pt-fi also committed to commence construction of a new smelter during a five-year timeframe after approval of the extension of its long-term operating rights.
under its cow, pt-fi has specified rights to export copper concentrate without restriction or payment of export duties. pt-fi has requested that concentrate exports be permitted without the imposition of export duties while the new license and stability agreement are negotiated. the indonesia government has indicated that in order to export its concentrate production, pt-fi would be required to immediately convert to an iupk, forgo its current rights to fiscal and legal certainty and commit to a new smelter prior to completing a long-term investment stability agreement. pt-fi has advised the indonesian government that attempts to enforce the new regulations on pt-fi violates its cow and that it is unwilling to terminate its cow unless replaced by a mutually acceptable form of agreement providing fiscal and legal assurances to support its long-term investment plans in papua, indonesia.
as of february 24, 2017, pt-fi has not obtained approval to export concentrate and production remains suspended. pt-fi is taking near-term actions to reduce production to match available processing capacity at pt smelting, or approximately 40 percent of pt-fi's concentrate production capacity (assuming that pt smelting's export license is approved and its operations are resumed in march 2017). pt-fi has begun to significantly adjust its cost structure, reduce its workforce and spending with local suppliers, and suspend investments in its underground development projects and new smelter.
on february 17, 2017, pursuant to the cow's dispute resolution provisions, pt-fi provided formal notice to the indonesian government of an impending dispute listing the government's breaches and violations of the cow as described in the risk factor below "pt-fi's cow may be subject to termination if we do not comply with our contractual obligations, and if a dispute arises, we may have to submit to the jurisdiction of an international arbitration panel."
we cannot predict whether or when pt-fi will be able to resume exporting copper concentrate. for each month of delay in obtaining approval to export, pt-fi's share of production is projected to be reduced by approximately 70 million pounds of copper and 70 thousand ounces of gold. the inability of either pt-fi to export copper concentrate, or pt smelting to export anode slimes or restart operations, for any extended period of time would lead to the
continued suspension of production in indonesia, which would have a material adverse effect on our cash flow, results of operations and financial position, and could result in asset impairments, inventory write downs, difficulty in meeting covenants under our credit facilities, and a significant reduction in our reported mineral reserves.
we also cannot predict whether pt-fi will be successful in reaching a satisfactory agreement on the terms of its long-term mining rights. if pt-fi is unable to reach agreement with the indonesian government on its long-term rights, we may be required to reduce or defer investments in underground development projects, which would have a material adverse effect on our future production, cash flow, results of operations and financial position, and could result in asset impairments, inventory write downs, difficulty in meeting covenants under our credit facilities, and a significant reduction in our reported mineral reserves.
in october 2016, a new minister of energy and mineral resources was appointed, and is the fourth person to hold the office since july 2016. we cannot predict what impact the transition will have on the progress or outcome of pt-fi's license and stability agreement negotiations.
pt-fi's cow may be subject to termination if we do not comply with our contractual obligations, and if a dispute arises, we may have to submit to the jurisdiction of an international arbitration panel.
pt-fi's cow was entered into under indonesia's 1967 foreign capital investment law, which provides guarantees of remittance rights and protection against nationalization. the cow may be subject to termination by the indonesian government if we do not satisfy our contractual obligations, which include the payment of royalties and taxes to the government and the satisfaction of certain mining, environmental, safety and health requirements.
recently adopted indonesian laws and regulations conflict with the mining rights established under the cow. although the cow grants to pt-fi the unencumbered right to operate in accordance with the cow, government agencies have sought and continue to seek to impose additional restrictions on pt-fi that could affect exploration and operating requirements. for further discussion, refer to the above risk factor "because our grasberg mining operation in indonesia is a significant operating asset, our business may continue to be adversely affected by political, economic and social uncertainties in indonesia."
pt-fi's cow requires that disputes with the indonesian government be submitted to international arbitration. on february 17, 2017, pursuant to the cow's formal dispute resolution provisions, pt-fi provided formal notice to the indonesian government of an impending dispute listing the government's breaches and violations of the cow, including, but not limited to, the following:
•   imposition of export duties other than those taxes and other charges expressly provided for in the cow;
•   imposition of surface water taxes in excess of the restrictions imposed by the cow (refer to note 12 for further discussion of these assessments);
•   unreasonable withholding and delay in granting approval of two successive ten-year extensions of the term of the cow; and
•   imposition of divestment requirements that are not provided for in the cow.
if the dispute is not resolved by june 17, 2017, pt-fi may commence arbitration under the united nations commission on international trade law (uncitral) arbitration rules to enforce all provisions of the cow and seek damages, specifically in respect of the issuance of the january 11, 2017, regulations which are not in accordance with honoring the contractual commitments of the indonesian government and pt-fi under the cow. the arbitration proceedings would take place in jakarta, indonesia, and for limited purposes, would be overseen by the indonesian courts under the indonesian arbitration act. the international arbitration process is complex and could take considerable time to complete and there is no assurance that we will prevail. if we prevail, we will face the additional risk of having to enforce the judgment of an international arbitration panel against indonesia within its own territory. additionally, our operations may be materially and adversely affected while resolution of a dispute is pending.
at times, certain government officials and others in indonesia have questioned the validity of contracts entered into by the indonesian government prior to may 1998 (i.e., during the suharto regime, which lasted over 30 years), including pt-fi's cow, which was signed in december 1991. we cannot provide assurance that the validity of, or our compliance with, the cow will not be challenged for political or other reasons.
we will not mine all of our ore reserves in indonesia before the initial term of our cow expires.
our proven and probable ore reserves in indonesia reflect estimates of minerals that can be recovered through the end of 2041, and our current mine plan and planned operations are based on the assumption that we will receive the two 10-year extensions. as a result, we will not mine all of these ore reserves during the initial term of the current cow. prior to the end of 2021, we expect to mine 17 percent of aggregate proven and probable recoverable ore at december 31, 2016, representing 22 percent of pt-fi's share of recoverable copper reserves and 33 percent of its share of recoverable gold reserves. there can be no assurance that the indonesian government will approve our cow extensions. for further discussion, refer to the above risk factors "because our grasberg mining operation in indonesia is a significant operating asset, our business may continue to be adversely affected by political, economic and social uncertainties in indonesia" and "pt-fi's cow may be subject to termination if we do not comply with our contractual obligations, and if a dispute arises, we may have to submit to the jurisdiction of an international arbitration panel."
our mines are very large in scale and, by their nature are subject to significant operational risks, some of which are outside of our control, and many of which are not covered fully, or in some cases even partially, by insurance. these operational risks, which could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results and cash flow, include earthquakes, rainstorms, floods, and other natural disasters; equipment failures; accidents; wall failures and rock slides in our open-pit mines, and structural collapses of our underground mines or tailings impoundments; and lower than expected ore grades or recovery rates.
the waste rock (including overburden) and tailings produced in our mining operations represent our largest volume of waste. managing the volume of waste rock and tailings presents significant environmental, safety and engineering challenges and risks. we maintain large leach pads and tailings impoundments containing viscous material, which are effectively large dams that must be engineered, constructed and monitored to assure structural stability and avoid leakages or structural collapse. our tailings impoundments in arid areas must have effective programs to suppress fugitive dust emissions, and we must effectively monitor and treat acid rock drainage at all of our operations. in indonesia, we use a river transport system for tailings management, which presents other risks, as discussed below.
the failure of tailings and other impoundments at any of our mining operations could cause severe property and environmental damage and loss of life, and we apply significant financial resources and both internal and external technical resources to the effective, safe management of all those facilities. the importance of careful design, management and monitoring of large impoundments was emphasized in recent years by large scale tailings dam failures at unaffiliated mines, which caused extensive property and environmental damage and resulted in the loss of life. as a member company of the international council on mining and metals (icmm), we intend to augment our existing practices to be consistent with the icmm's tailings governance framework adopted in december 2016 in an effort to reduce the risk of catastrophic failure of tailings storage facilities.
labor unrest, activism and civil and religious strife could disrupt our operations and may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
labor agreements are negotiated on a periodic basis, and may not be renewed on reasonably satisfactory terms to us or at all. if we do not successfully negotiate new collective bargaining agreements with our union workers, we
may incur prolonged strikes and other work stoppages at our mining operations, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. additionally, if we enter into a new labor agreement with any union that significantly increases our labor costs relative to our competitors, our ability to compete may be materially and adversely affected. refer to items 1. and 2., "business and properties," for additional information regarding labor matters, and expiration dates of such agreements.
we could also experience labor disruptions such as work stoppages, work slowdowns, union organizing campaigns, strikes, or lockouts that could adversely affect our operations. for example, in october 2014, a large percentage of grasberg open-pit operators did not report to their scheduled shifts and during third-quarter 2016, pt-fi experienced labor productivity issues and a 10-day work stoppage that began in late september 2016. these labor productivity issues have continued during fourth-quarter 2016 and early 2017, and could be heightened by the workforce reductions that began in february 2017. significant reductions in productivity or protracted work stoppages at one or more of our operations could significantly reduce our production and sales volumes, which could adversely affect our cash flow, results of operations and financial condition.
indonesia has long faced separatist movements and civil and religious strife in a number of provinces. several separatist groups have sought increased political independence for the province of papua, where our grasberg minerals district is located. in papua, there have been sporadic attacks on civilians by separatists and sporadic but highly publicized conflicts between separatists and the indonesian military. in addition, illegal miners have periodically clashed with police who have attempted for years to move them away from our facilities. social, economic and political instability in papua could materially and adversely affect us if it results in damage to our property or interruption of our indonesia operations.
in 2009, a series of shooting incidents occurred within the pt-fi project area, including along the road leading to our mining and milling operations. the shooting incidents have continued on a sporadic basis with the last incident occurring on january 1, 2015. during this time, there were 20 fatalities and 59 injuries to our employees, contractor employees, government security personnel and civilians. to date, no one person or group has claimed responsibility for the shootings. the safety of our workforce is a critical concern, and pt-fi continues to work with the indonesian government to address security issues. the investigation of these incidents is ongoing. we also continue to limit the use of the road leading to our mining and milling operations to secured convoys.
we cannot predict whether additional incidents will occur that could disrupt or suspend our indonesian operations. if other disruptive incidents occur, they could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition in ways that we cannot predict at this time.
our mining operations depend on the availability of secure water supplies.
our mining operations require physical availability and secure legal rights to significant quantities of water for mining and ore processing activities, and related support facilities. most of our north and south america mining operations are in areas where competition for water supplies is significant. continuous production at our mines is dependent on many factors, including our ability to maintain our water rights and claims, and the continuing physical availability of the water supplies.
in arizona, where our operations use both surface and ground water, we are a participant in an active general stream adjudication in which the arizona courts have been attempting, for over 40 years, to quantify and prioritize surface water claims for the gila river, one of the state's largest river systems, which primarily affects our morenci, safford and sierrita mines. the adjudication is addressing the state law claims of thousands of competing users, including us, as well as significant federal water claims that are potentially adverse to the state law claims of both surface water and groundwater users. groundwater is treated differently from surface water under arizona law, which historically allowed land owners to pump unlimited quantities of subsurface water, subject only to the requirement of putting it to "reasonable use." however, court decisions in the adjudication have concluded that underground water is often hydrologically connected to surface water so that it actually is surface water and is therefore subject to the arizona doctrine of prior appropriation, as a result of which it would be subject to the adjudication and potentially unavailable to groundwater pumpers in the absence of valid surface water claims, which historic groundwater pumpers typically do not have. any re-characterization of groundwater as surface water could affect the ability of consumers, farmers, ranchers, municipalities, and industrial users like us to continue to access water supplies that have been relied on for decades. because we are a user of both groundwater and surface water in arizona, we are an active participant in the adjudication proceeding.
water for our cerro verde operation in peru comes from renewable sources through a series of storage reservoirs on the rio chili watershed that collects water primarily from seasonal precipitation. as a result of occasional drought conditions, temporary supply shortages are possible that could affect our cerro verde operations. in january 2016, the peruvian government declared a temporary state of emergency with respect to the water supply in the rio chili basin because of drought conditions. as a result, the cerro verde water rights from the rio chili were temporarily decreased during february 2016.
water for our el abra mining operation in chile comes from the continued pumping of groundwater from the salar de ascotán aquifer. in 2010, el abra obtained regulatory approval for the continued pumping of groundwater from the salar de ascotán aquifer for its sulfide processing plant, which began operations in 2011. the agreement to pump from this aquifer is subject to continued monitoring of the aquifer level to ensure that environmentally sensitive areas are not impacted by our pumping. if impact occurs, we would have to reduce pumping to restore water levels, which could have an adverse effect on production from el abra.
although we typically have sufficient water for our indonesian operations, lower rainfall resulting from el niño weather conditions affected operations in the second half of 2015 and may do so again in the future.
although each of our mining operations currently has access to sufficient water supplies to support current operational demands, as discussed above some supplies are subject to adjudication proceedings, the outcome of which we cannot predict, and the availability of additional supplies that may be required for potential future expansions is uncertain. while we are taking actions to acquire additional back-up water supples, such supplies may not be available at acceptable cost, or at all, so that the loss of a water right or currently available water supply could force us to curtail operations or force premature closures, thereby increasing and/or accelerating costs or foregoing profitable operations.
in addition to the usual risks encountered in the mining industry, our indonesia mining operations involve additional risks because they are located in very remote areas and on unusually difficult terrain.
the grasberg minerals district is located in steep mountainous terrain in a remote area of indonesia. these conditions have required us to overcome special engineering difficulties and develop extensive infrastructure facilities. in addition, the area receives considerable rainfall, which has led to periodic floods and mudslides. the mine site is also in an active seismic area and has experienced earth tremors from time to time. our insurance may not sufficiently cover an unexpected natural or operating disaster.
underground mining operations can be particularly dangerous, and in may 2013, a tragic accident, which resulted in 28 fatalities and 10 injuries, occurred at pt-fi when the rock structure above the underground ceiling of a training facility collapsed. pt-fi temporarily suspended mining and processing activities at the grasberg complex to conduct inspections and resumed open-pit mining and concentrating activities on june 24, 2013, and underground operations on july 9, 2013. no assurance can be given that similar events will not occur in the future.
we must continually replace reserves depleted by production, but our exploration activities may not result in additional discoveries.
our existing mineral reserves will be depleted over time by production from our operations. because our profits are primarily derived from our mining operations, our ability to replenish our mineral reserves is essential to our long-term success. our exploration projects involve many risks, require substantial expenditures and may not result in the discovery of additional deposits that can be produced profitably. we may not be able to discover, enhance, develop or acquire reserves in sufficient quantities to maintain or grow our current reserve levels, which could negatively affect our cash flow, results of operations and financial condition.
development projects are inherently risky and may require more capital than anticipated, which could adversely affect our business.
consolidated capital expenditures are expected to approximate $1.8 billion for 2017, including $1.1 billion for major projects primarily associated with underground development activities at grasberg and $0.7 billion for sustaining capital. refer to the risk factor "because our grasberg mining operation in indonesia is a significant operating asset, our business may continue to be adversely affected by political, economic and social uncertainties in indonesia" for further discussion of regulatory matters in indonesia that may impact future investments in pt-fi's underground development projects.
there are many risks and uncertainties inherent in all development projects. the economic feasibility of development projects is based on many factors, including the accuracy of estimated reserves, estimated capital and operating costs, and estimated future prices of the relevant commodity. the capital expenditures and time required to develop new mines or other projects are considerable, and changes in costs or timing can adversely affect project economics.
new development projects have no operating history upon which to base estimates of future cash flow. the actual costs, production rates and economic returns of our development projects may differ materially from our estimates, which may have a material adverse impact on our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition.
our operations are subject to extensive regulations, some of which require permits and other approvals. these regulations increase our costs and in some circumstances may delay or suspend our operations.
our operations are subject to extensive and complex laws and regulations that are subject to change and to changing interpretation by governmental agencies and other bodies vested with broad supervisory authority. as a natural resource company, compliance with environmental legal requirements is an integral and costly part of our business. for additional information, see "environmental risks" below. we are also subject to extensive regulation of worker health and safety, including the requirements of the u.s. occupational safety and health act and similar laws of other jurisdictions. in the u.s., the operation of our mines is subject to regulation by the u.s. mine safety and health administration (msha) under the federal mine safety and health act of 1977. msha inspects our mines on a regular basis and issues citations and orders when it believes a violation has occurred. if such inspections result in an alleged violation, we may be subject to fines and penalties and, in instances of alleged significant violations, our mining operations could be subject to temporary or extended closures.
many other governmental bodies regulate other aspects of our operations, and our failure to comply with these legal requirements can result in substantial penalties. in addition, new laws and regulations or changes to existing laws and regulations and new interpretations of existing laws and regulations by courts or regulatory authorities occur regularly, but are difficult to predict. any such variations could have a material adverse effect on our cash flow, results of operations and financial condition.
cybersecurity incidents are increasing in frequency, evolving in nature and include, but are not limited to, installation of malicious software, unauthorized access to data and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information and the corruption of data. we have experienced cybersecurity incidents in the past and may experience them in the future. we believe we have implemented appropriate measures to mitigate potential risks. however, given the unpredictability of the timing, nature and scope of information technology disruptions, we could be subject to manipulation or improper use of our systems and networks or financial losses from remedial actions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flow, results of operations and financial condition.
environmental risks our operations are subject to complex, evolving and increasingly stringent environmental laws and regulations. compliance with environmental regulatory requirements involves significant costs and may constrain existing operations or expansion opportunities.
our operations, both in the u.s. and internationally, are subject to extensive environmental laws and regulations governing the generation, storage, treatment, transportation and disposal of hazardous substances; solid waste disposal; air emissions; wastewater discharges; remediation, restoration and reclamation of environmental contamination, including mine closures and reclamation; well plug and abandonment requirements; protection of endangered and protected species and designation of critical habitats; and other related matters. in addition, we must obtain regulatory permits and approvals to start, continue and expand operations.
our miami, arizona smelter processes approximately half of the aggregate copper concentrate produced by our north america copper mines. epa regulations require us to invest in new pollution control equipment to reduce sulfur dioxide (so2) to meet both regional haze requirements and to allow the state of arizona to demonstrate compliance with epa's so2 ambient air quality standards. the deadline for the smelter to install the so2 pollution
control equipment to comply with the regional haze rules is january 1, 2018. arizona regulators have promulgated rules for complying with the national ambient air quality standards, which must be approved by the epa to become effective, but it is possible that they will be effective prior to january 1, 2018. in order to meet both regulatory requirements, we expect capital expenditures to approximate $250 million, and we expect those expenditures to be made through 2018. if these expenditures are delayed or deferred for technical, financial or any other reasons, we may be forced to curtail production at the miami smelter, which would require us to export concentrate rather than process it ourselves and to purchase sulphuric acid that would otherwise be generated during the smelting process, which would result in increased production costs.
laws such as cercla and similar state laws may expose us to joint and several liability for environmental damages caused by our operations, or by previous owners or operators of properties we acquired or are currently operating or at sites where we sent materials for processing, recycling or disposal. as discussed in more detail in the next risk factor, we have substantial obligations for environmental remediation on mining properties previously owned or operated by fmc and certain of its affiliates. noncompliance with these laws and regulations could result in material penalties or other liabilities. in addition, compliance with these laws may from time to time result in delays in or changes to our development or expansion plans. compliance with these laws and regulations imposes substantial costs, which we expect will continue to increase over time because of increased regulatory oversight, adoption of increasingly stringent environmental standards, as well as other factors.
new or revised environmental regulatory requirements are frequently proposed, many of which result in substantially increased costs for our business, including those regarding financial assurance in the financial risk factor above. in addition, in 2015, the epa promulgated rules that could reclassify certain mineral processing materials as "hazardous waste" under the federal resource conservation and recovery act and subject the industry to significant new and costly waste management requirements. these rules are currently being challenged by multiple parties in court; however, if the legal challenges are unsuccessful, and the regulatory agencies reclassify certain mineral processing materials as "hazardous waste," costs at our u.s. copper and molybdenum processing facilities could materially increase.
the epa has also adopted rules that bring remote "tributaries" into the regulatory definition of "waters of the united states" that are protected by the clean water act, thereby imposing significant additional restrictions on waterway discharges and land uses, and is in many ways aggressively attempting to expand its regulatory authority over air quality, water quality and solid wastes, among other things. these rules are being litigated by multiple parties. regulations are also being considered at various governmental levels to increase federal financial responsibility requirements both for mine closure and reclamation and for oil and gas decommissioning, and to increase regulation of or prohibit hydraulic fracturing. adoption of these or similar new environmental regulations or more stringent application of existing regulations may materially increase our costs, threaten certain operating activities and constrain our expansion opportunities.
in february 2016, the department of the interior's fish & wildlife service (fws) adopted final rules that broaden the regulatory definitions of "critical habitat" and "destruction or adverse modification," both of which are integral to the fws's implementation of the endangered species act, which protects federally-listed endangered and threatened species. the new rules increase fws's discretion to limit uses of land and water courses that may become suitable habitat for listed species in the future, or that are occasionally used by protected species. the new rules may limit the ability of landowners, including us, to obtain federal permits or authorizations needed for expansion of our operations, and may also affect our ability to obtain, retain or deliver water to some operations.
we incurred environmental capital expenditures and other environmental costs (including our joint venture partners' shares) to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations that affect our operations totaling $0.4 billion in each of 2016, 2015 and 2014. for 2017, we expect to incur approximately $0.6 billion of aggregate environmental capital expenditures and other environmental costs, which includes expenditures for the miami smelter pollution control equipment discussed above. the timing and amounts of estimated payments could change as a result of changes in regulatory requirements, changes in scope and costs of reclamation and plug and abandonment activities, the settlement of environmental matters and the rate at which actual spending occurs on continuing matters.
we incur significant costs for remediating environmental conditions on properties that have not been operated in many years.
fmc and its subsidiaries, and many of their affiliates and predecessor companies, have been involved in exploration, mining, milling, smelting and manufacturing in the u.s. for more than a century. activities that occurred in the late 19th century and the 20th century prior to the advent of modern environmental laws were not subject to environmental regulation and were conducted before american industrial companies fully understood the long-term effects of their operations on the surrounding environment.
with the passage of cercla in 1980, companies like fmc became legally responsible for remediating hazardous substances released into the environment from properties owned or operated by them as well as properties where they arranged for disposal of such substances, irrespective of when the release to the environment occurred or who caused it. that liability is often asserted on a joint and several basis with other prior and subsequent owners, operators and arrangers, meaning that each owner or operator of the property is, and each arranger may be, held fully responsible for the remediation, although in many cases some or all of the other responsible parties no longer exist, do not have the financial ability to respond or cannot be found. as a result, because of our acquisition of fmc in 2007, many of the subsidiary companies we now own are potentially responsible for a wide variety of environmental remediation projects throughout the u.s., and we expect to spend substantial sums annually for many years to address those remediation issues. we are also subject to claims where the release of hazardous substances is alleged to have damaged natural resources. at december 31, 2016, we had more than 100 active remediation projects in 26 u.s. states. in addition, fmc and certain affiliates and predecessor companies were parties to agreements relating to the transfer of businesses or properties that contained indemnification provisions relating to environmental matters, and from time to time these provisions become the source of claims against us.
at december 31, 2016, we had $1.2 billion recorded in our consolidated balance sheet for environmental obligations attributable to cercla or analogous state programs and for estimated future costs associated with environmental matters at closed facilities or closed portions of operating facilities. our environmental obligation estimates are primarily based upon:
•   our beliefs and assumptions regarding the nature, extent and duration of remediation activities that we will be required to undertake and the estimated costs of those remediation activities, which are subject to varying interpretations; and
significant adjustments to these estimates are likely to occur in the future as additional information becomes available. the actual environmental costs may exceed our current and future accruals for these costs, and any such changes could be material.
in addition, remediation standards imposed by the epa and state environmental agencies have generally become more stringent over time and may become even more stringent in the future. imposition of more stringent remediation standards, particularly for arsenic and lead in soils, poses a risk that additional remediation work could be required at our active remediation sites and at sites that we have already remediated to the satisfaction of the responsible governmental agencies, and may increase the risk of toxic tort litigation.
ore that we mine. our tailings management plan, which has been approved by the indonesian government, uses the unnavigable river system in the highlands near our mine to transport the tailings to an engineered area in the lowlands where the tailings and natural sediments are managed in a deposition area. lateral levees have been constructed to help contain the footprint of the tailings and to limit their impact in the lowlands.
another major environmental challenge is managing overburden, which is the rock that must be moved aside in the mining process to reach the ore. in the presence of air, water and naturally occurring bacteria, some overburden can generate acid rock drainage, or acidic water containing dissolved metals that, if not properly managed, can adversely affect the environment. in addition, overburden stockpiles are subject to erosion caused by the large amounts of rainfall, with the eroded stockpile material eventually being deposited in the lowlands tailings management area; this additional material, while predicted in our environmental studies, influences the deposition of finer tailings material in the estuary.
from time to time, certain indonesian government officials have raised questions with respect to our tailings and overburden management plans, including a suggestion that we implement a pipeline system rather than the river transport system for tailings management and disposition. because our indonesia mining operations are remotely located in steep mountainous terrain and in an active seismic area, a pipeline system would be costly, difficult to construct and maintain, and more prone to catastrophic failure, and could therefore involve significant potentially adverse environmental issues. based on our own studies and others conducted by third parties, we do not believe that a pipeline system is necessary or practical.
carbon-based energy is a significant input in our operations, and our revenues include sales of oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas, and other carbon-based energy products. the potential physical impacts of climate change on our operations are highly uncertain, and would vary by operation based on particular geographic circumstances. as a result of the paris agreement reached during the 21st conference of the parties to the united nations framework convention on climate change in 2015, a number of governments have pledged "nationally determined contributions" to control and reduce greenhouse gas emissions. in the u.s., epa has finalized regulations governing greenhouse gas emissions from new, modified, and existing power plants. while these rules are being challenged in court, increased regulation of greenhouse gas emissions may increase our costs.
other risks our holding company structure may impact our ability to service debt and our stockholders' ability to receive dividends.
we are a holding company with no material assets other than the capital stock and intercompany receivables of our subsidiaries. as a result, our ability to repay our indebtedness and pay dividends is dependent on the generation of cash flow by our subsidiaries and their ability to make such cash available to us, by dividend, loan, debt repayment or otherwise. our subsidiaries do not have any obligation to make funds available to us to repay our indebtedness or pay dividends. dividends from subsidiaries that are not wholly owned are shared with other equity owners. cash at our international operations is also typically subject to foreign withholding taxes upon repatriation into the u.s.
in addition, our subsidiaries may not be able to, or be permitted to, make distributions to us or repay loans to us, to enable us to repay our indebtedness or pay dividends. each of our subsidiaries is a distinct legal entity and, under certain circumstances, legal restrictions, as well as the financial condition and operating requirements of our subsidiaries, may limit our ability to obtain cash from our subsidiaries. certain of our subsidiaries are parties to credit agreements that restrict their ability to make distributions or loan repayments to us if such subsidiary is in default under such agreements, to repay any subordinated loan we may make to such subsidiary unless specified conditions are met, or to transfer substantially all of the assets of such subsidiary without the consent of the lenders.
our rights to participate in any distribution of our subsidiaries' assets upon their liquidation, reorganization or insolvency would generally be subject to the prior claims of the subsidiaries' creditors, including any trade creditors.
anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and delaware law may make an acquisition of us more difficult.
anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and delaware law may make an acquisition of us more difficult. these provisions:
•   authorize the board to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval and to designate the rights, preferences and privileges of each class; if issued, such preferred stock would increase the number of outstanding shares of our capital stock and could include terms that may deter an acquisition of us;
•   limit who may call stockholder meetings; and
these provisions may discourage potential takeover attempts, discourage bids for our common stock at a premium over market price or adversely affect the market price of, and the voting and other rights of the holders of, our common stock. these provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for stockholders to elect directors other than the candidates nominated by the board.
in addition, because we are incorporated in delaware, we are governed by the provisions of section 203 of the delaware general corporation law, which may prohibit large stockholders from consummating a merger with, or acquisition of, us.
these provisions may deter an acquisition of us that might otherwise be attractive to stockholders.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles (gaap)
in the u.s. the preparation of these statements requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. we base these estimates on historical experience and on assumptions that we consider reasonable under the circumstances; however, reported results could differ from those based on the current estimates under different assumptions or conditions. the areas requiring the use of management's estimates are also discussed in note 1 under the subheading "use of estimates." management has reviewed the following discussion of its development and selection of critical accounting estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors (board).
mineral reserves recoverable proven and probable reserves are the part of a mineral deposit that can be economically and legally extracted or produced at the time of the reserve determination. the determination of reserves involves numerous uncertainties with respect to the ultimate geology of the ore bodies, including quantities, grades and recovery rates. estimating the quantity and grade of mineral reserves requires us to determine the size, shape and depth of our ore bodies by analyzing geological data, such as samplings of drill holes, tunnels and other underground workings. in addition to the geology of our mines, assumptions are required to determine the economic feasibility of mining these reserves, including estimates of future commodity prices and demand, the mining methods we use and the related costs incurred to develop and mine our reserves. our estimates of recoverable proven and probable mineral reserves are prepared by and are the responsibility of our employees. a majority of these estimates are reviewed annually and verified by independent experts in mining, geology and reserve determination.
net additions/revisions                       -                   -0.1          0.03
net additions                               0.5                    0.1             -
a.  includes estimated recoverable metals contained in stockpiles. see below for additional discussion of recoverable copper in stockpiles.
as discussed in note 1 , we depreciate our life-of-mine mining and milling assets and values assigned to proven and probable mineral reserves using the unit-of-production (uop) method based on our estimated recoverable proven
table of contents and probable mineral reserves. because the economic assumptions used to estimate mineral reserves may change from period to period and additional geological data is generated during the course of operations, estimates of reserves may change, which could have a significant impact on our results of operations, including changes to prospective depreciation rates and impairments of long-lived asset carrying values. excluding impacts associated with changes in the levels of finished goods inventories and based on projected copper sales volumes, if estimated copper reserves at our mines were 10 percent higher at december 31, 2016 , we estimate that our annual depreciation, depletion and amortization (dd&a) expense for 2017 would decrease by $53 million ($29 million to net income attributable to common stockholders), and a 10 percent decrease in copper reserves would increase dd&a expense by
$64 million ($36 million to net income attributable to common stockholders). we perform annual assessments of our existing assets in connection with the review of mine operating and development plans. if it is determined that assigned asset lives do not reflect the expected remaining period of benefit, any change could affect prospective depreciation rates.
as discussed below and in note 1 , we review and evaluate our long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable, and changes to our estimates of recoverable proven and probable mineral reserves could have an impact on our assessment of asset recoverability. refer to "risk factors" contained in part i, item 1a of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2016, for further discussion of indonesian regulatory matters that could have a material adverse affect on our cash flow, results of operations and financial position, and could result in asset impairments at pt-fi.
recoverable copper in stockpiles we record, as inventory, applicable costs for copper contained in mill and leach stockpiles that are expected to be processed in the future based on proven processing technologies. mill and leach stockpiles are evaluated periodically to ensure that they are stated at the lower of weighted-average cost or net realizable value (refer to note 4 and "consolidated results" for further discussion of inventory adjustments recorded for the three years ended december 31, 2016 ). accounting for recoverable copper from mill and leach stockpiles represents a critical accounting estimate because (i) it is generally impracticable to determine copper contained in mill and leach stockpiles by physical count, thus requiring management to employ reasonable estimation methods and (ii) recovery rates from leach stockpiles can vary significantly. refer to note 1 for further discussion of our accounting policy for recoverable copper in stockpiles.
at december 31, 2016 , estimated consolidated recoverable copper was 2.2 billion pounds in leach stockpiles (with a carrying value of $2.2 billion ) and 1.0 billion pounds in mill stockpiles (with a carrying value of $746 million
), compared with 2.6 billion pounds in leach stockpiles (with a carrying value of $2.6 billion) and 1.0 billion pounds in mill stockpiles (with a carrying value of $617 million) at december 31, 2015.
impairment of long-lived assets mining. as discussed in note 1 , we assess the carrying values of our long-lived mining assets when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amounts of such assets may not be recoverable. in evaluating our long-lived mining assets for recoverability, we use estimates of pre-tax undiscounted future cash flows of our individual mines. estimates of future cash flows are derived from current business plans, which are developed using near-term metal price forecasts reflective of the current price environment and management's projections for long-term average metal prices. in addition to near- and long-term metal price assumptions, other key assumptions include estimates of commodity-based and other input costs; proven and probable mineral reserves estimates, including the timing and cost to develop and produce the reserves; value beyond proven and probable mineral reserve estimates (refer to note 1); and the use of appropriate discount rates in the measurement of fair value. we believe our estimates and models used to determine fair value are similar to what a market participant would use. as quoted market prices are unavailable for our individual mining operations, fair value is determined through the use of after-tax discounted estimated future cash flows.
as a result of declining copper and molybdenum prices, during 2015, we evaluated our long-lived mining assets for impairment, which resulted in charges of $37 million at our tyrone mine, net of a revision to asset retirement obligations (aros). the december 31, 2015, evaluations of the recoverability of our copper mines were based on near-term price assumptions reflecting prevailing copper futures prices, ranging from $2.15 per pound to $2.17 per pound for comex and from $2.13 per pound to $2.16 per pound for lme, and a long-term average price of $3.00 per pound. the december 31, 2015, evaluations of the recoverability of our molybdenum mines used near-term price assumptions that were consistent with then-current market prices for molybdenum and a long-term average of $10 per pound.
table of contents during the year 2016, we concluded there were no events or changes in circumstances that would indicate that the carrying amount of our long-lived mining assets might not be recoverable. additionally, copper and molybdenum prices have improved. the lme copper spot price of $2.50 per pound at december 31, 2016, was 17 percent higher than the lme spot price of $2.13 per pound at december 31, 2015, and the weekly average price for molybdenum of $6.74
in addition to decreases in future metal price assumptions, other events that could result in future impairment of our long-lived mining assets include, but are not limited to, decreases in estimated recoverable proven and probable mineral reserves and any event that might otherwise have a material adverse effect on mine site production levels or costs. refer to "risk factors" contained in part i, item 1a of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2016, for further discussion of indonesian regulatory matters that could have a material adverse affect on our cash flow, results of operations and financial position, and could result in asset impairments at pt-fi.
oil and gas properties. as discussed in note 1 , we follow the full cost method of accounting for our oil and gas operations, whereby all costs associated with oil and gas property acquisition, exploration and development activities are capitalized and amortized to expense under the uop method on a country-by-country basis using estimates of proved oil and natural gas reserves relating to each country where such activities are conducted. the costs of unproved oil and gas properties are excluded from amortization until the properties are evaluated.
under full cost accounting rules, a "ceiling test" is conducted each quarter to review the carrying value of our oil and gas properties for impairment (refer to note 1 for further discussion). the u.s. securities and exchange commission (sec) requires that the twelve-month average of the first-day-of-the-month historical reference prices be used to determine the ceiling test limitation. the reference pricing in ceiling test impairment calculations may cause results that do not reflect current market conditions that exist at the end of an accounting period. for example, in periods of increasing oil and gas prices, the use of a twelve-month historical average price in the ceiling test calculation may result in an impairment. conversely, in times of declining prices, ceiling test calculations may not result in an impairment.
31, 2016 , compared with $50.28 per barrel at december 31, 2015, and $94.99 per barrel at december 31, 2014. the combined impact of the reduction in twelve-month historical prices and reserve revisions caused net capitalized costs with respect to our proved u.s. oil and gas properties to exceed the ceiling test limitation specified by the sec's full cost accounting rules, which resulted in the recognition of impairment charges totaling $4.3 billion in
environmental obligations our current and historical operating activities are subject to various national, state and local environmental laws and regulations that govern the protection of the environment, and compliance with those laws requires significant expenditures. environmental expenditures are charged to expense or capitalized, depending upon their future economic benefits. the guidance provided by u.s. gaap requires that liabilities for contingencies be recorded when it is probable that obligations have been incurred, and the cost can be reasonably estimated. at december 31, 2016
, environmental obligations recorded in our consolidated balance sheet totaled $1.2 billion , which reflect obligations for environmental liabilities attributed to the comprehensive environmental response, compensation, and liability act of 1980 (cercla) or analogous state programs and for estimated future costs associated with environmental matters. refer to notes 1 and 12 for further discussion of environmental obligations, including a summary of changes in our estimated environmental obligations for the three years ended december 31, 2016 .
accounting for environmental obligations represents a critical accounting estimate because changes to environmental laws and regulations and/or circumstances affecting our operations could result in significant changes to our estimates, which could have a significant impact on our results of operations. we perform a
table of contents comprehensive annual review of our environmental obligations and also review changes in facts and circumstances associated with these obligations at least quarterly. judgments and estimates are based upon currently available facts, existing technology, presently enacted laws and regulations, remediation experience, whether or not we are a potentially responsible party (prp), the ability of other prps to pay their allocated portions and take into consideration reasonably possible outcomes. our cost estimates can change substantially as additional information becomes available regarding the nature or extent of site contamination, updated cost assumptions (including increases and decreases to cost estimates), changes in the anticipated scope and timing of remediation activities, the settlement of environmental matters, required remediation methods and actions by or against governmental agencies or private parties.
asset retirement obligations we record the fair value of our estimated aros associated with tangible long-lived assets in the period incurred.
fair value is measured as the present value of cash flow estimates after considering inflation and a market risk premium. our cost estimates are reflected on a third-party cost basis and comply with our legal obligation to retire tangible long-lived assets in the period incurred. these cost estimates may differ from financial assurance cost estimates for reclamation activities because of a variety of factors, including obtaining updated cost estimates for reclamation activities, the timing of reclamation activities, changes in scope and the exclusion of certain costs not considered reclamation and closure costs. at the end of 2016, pt-fi revised its estimates for the overburden stockpile to address ongoing erosion that occurred during 2016, a design change that increased the volume and updated cost estimates reflecting more recent productivity and costs at the stockpile, which resulted in an increase in the aro of $372 million. at december 31, 2016 , aros recorded in our consolidated balance sheet totaled $2.6 billion , including $0.6 billion associated with our remaining oil and gas operations. refer to notes
generally, aro activities are specified by regulations or in permits issued by the relevant governing authority, and management judgment is required to estimate the extent and timing of expenditures. accounting for aros represents a critical accounting estimate because (i) we will not incur most of these costs for a number of years, requiring us to make estimates over a long period, (ii) reclamation and closure laws and regulations could change in the future and/or circumstances affecting our operations could change, either of which could result in significant changes to our current plans, (iii) the methods used or required to plug and abandon non-producing oil and gas wellbores, remove platforms, tanks, production equipment and flow lines, and restore the wellsite could change, (iv) calculating the fair value of our aros requires management to estimate projected cash flows, make long-term assumptions about inflation rates, determine our credit-adjusted, risk-free interest rates and determine market risk premiums that are appropriate for our operations and (v) given the magnitude of our estimated reclamation, mine closure and wellsite abandonment and restoration costs, changes in any or all of these estimates could have a significant impact on our results of operations.
taxes in preparing our annual consolidated financial statements, we estimate the actual amount of income taxes currently payable or receivable as well as deferred income tax assets and liabilities attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.
deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which these temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. the effect on deferred income tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates or laws is recognized in income in the period in which such changes are enacted.
our operations are in multiple jurisdictions where uncertainties arise in the application of complex tax regulations. some of these tax regimes are defined by contractual agreements with the local government, while others are defined by general tax laws and regulations. we and our subsidiaries are subject to reviews of our income tax filings and other tax payments, and disputes can arise with the taxing authorities over the interpretation of our contracts or laws. final taxes paid may be dependent upon many factors, including negotiations with taxing authorities. in certain jurisdictions, we must pay a portion of the disputed amount to the local government in order to formally appeal an assessment. such payment is recorded as a receivable if we believe the amount is collectible.
a valuation allowance is provided for those deferred income tax assets for which the weight of available evidence suggests that the related benefits will not be realized. in determining the amount of the valuation allowance, we consider estimated future taxable income or loss as well as feasible tax planning strategies in each jurisdiction.
table of contents valuation allowance. conversely, if we determine that we will ultimately be able to realize all or a portion of the related benefits for which a valuation allowance has been provided, all or a portion of the related valuation allowance will be reduced.
our valuation allowances totaled $6.1 billion at december 31, 2016 , which covered u.s. federal and state deferred tax assets, including all of our u.s. foreign tax credit carryforwards, u.s. federal net operating loss carryforwards, u.s. federal capital loss carryforwards, foreign net operating loss carryforwards, and substantially all of our u.s. minimum tax credit carryforwards and u.s. state net operating loss carryforwards. refer to note 11
capital expenditures            $                            2,813          $    6,353        $   7,215
includes net noncash mark-to-market (losses) gains associated with crude oil and natural gas derivative contracts totaling$(41) million($(41) millionto net loss attributable to common stock or$(0.03)per share)
and $3.3 billion in 2015 to establish valuation allowances against u.s. federal and state deferred tax assets that are not expected to generate a future benefit, which have been reflected in the above after-tax impacts for the impairment of oil and gas properties.
includes net (credits) charges for adjustments to environmental obligations and related litigation reserves h.  of$(16) million($(16) millionto net loss attributable to common stock or$(0.01)per share) in2016,$43
includes net charges at mining operations totaling$33 million($14 millionto net loss attributable to common stock or$0.01per share) in 2016 for an asset retirement at pt-fi and social commitments at cerro verde j.  and$145 million($90 millionto net loss attributable to common stock or$0.08per share) in 2015 for asset impairment, restructuring and other net charges. the year 2015 also includes$18 million($12 millionto net loss attributable to common stock or$0.01per share) for executive retirement benefits.
includes an impairment charge of$1.7 billion($1.7 billionto net loss attributable to common stockholders k.  or$1.65per share) for the full carrying value of goodwill associated with our 2013 oil and gas acquisitions.
l.  we defer recognizing profits on intercompany sales until final sales to third parties occur. refer to
n.  includes net tax credits (charges) of$374 million($0.28per share) in 2016 and$(103) million($(0.10)per share) in 2014. refer to "income taxes" below for further discussion.
o.  per share) related to net proceeds received from insurance carriers and other third parties related to the shareholder derivative litigation settlement.
reflects the results of tfhl through november 16, 2016, and includes charges for allocated interest expense associated with the portion of our term loan that was required to be repaid as a result of the sale of our p.  interest in tfhl. the year
r.  includes net working capital sources (uses) and changes in other tax payments of$57 millionin2016,$373
summary operating data copper(millions of recoverable pounds)c production sales, excluding purchases average realized price per pound site production and delivery costs per poundd     years ended december 31, unit net cash costs per poundd                                        2016            2015          2014a,b gold(thousands of recoverable ounces)                                4,222           3,568            3,457
reflects per pound weighted-average production and delivery costs and unit net cash costs (net of d.  by-product credits) for all copper mines, before net noncash and other costs. for reconciliations of the per pound unit costs by operating division to production and delivery costs applicable to sales reported in our consolidated financial statements, refer to "product revenues and production costs."
and 3.5 billion pounds in 2014. higher copper sales volumes in 2016, compared to 2015 , primarily reflect higher volumes from cerro verde and pt-fi, partly offset by lower sales volumes in north america primarily reflecting reduced mining rates and the impact of the may 2016 sale of an additional 13 percent undivided interest in morenci.
higher copper sales volumes in 2015, compared to 2014, primarily reflect higher volumes from north america associated with increased production from the morenci mill expansion project and higher ore grades at the chino mine, and higher volumes from indonesia associated with higher mill throughput because of export restrictions in
lower gold sales volumes in 2016, compared with 2015, primarily reflect lower ore grades at pt-fi.
consolidated molybdenum sales volumes totaled 74 million pounds in 2016 , 89 million pounds in 2015 and 95 million pounds in 2015. lower molybdenum sales volumes in 2016, compared with 2015, primarily reflect reduced operating rates in response to weak demand.
metals realized prices. our consolidated revenues can vary significantly as a result of fluctuations in the market prices of copper, gold and molybdenum. our average realized prices were 6 percent lower for copper, 10 percent higher for gold and 4 percent lower for molybdenum in 2016 , compared with 2015 . in 2015 , our average realized prices were 22 percent lower for copper, 8 percent lower for gold and 32 percent lower for molybdenum, compared with 2014.
table of contents provisionally priced copper sales. impacts of net adjustments for prior year provisionally priced sales primarily relate to copper sales. substantially all of our copper concentrate and cathode sales contracts provide final copper pricing in a specified future month (generally one to four months from the shipment date) based primarily on quoted lme monthly average spot copper prices (refer to "disclosures about market risks-commodity price risk" for further discussion). revenues include favorable (unfavorable) net adjustments to prior years' provisionally priced copper sales totaling $5 million in 2016 , $(100) million in 2015 and $(117) million in 2014 .
billion in 2014. lower atlantic copper revenues in 2016, compared with 2015, and in 2015, compared with 2014, primarily reflect lower copper prices.
mmbbls in 2014. lower oil sales volumes in 2016, compared with 2015, primarily reflect lower volumes from california. lower oil sales volumes in 2015, compared with 2014, primarily reflect the sale of the eagle ford shale assets in june 2014, partly offset by higher volumes in the gom. refer to "operations" for further discussion of sales volumes at our oil and gas operations.
oil and gas derivative contracts. during 2016 , 2015 and 2014, we had derivative contracts that were not designated as hedging instruments; accordingly, they were recorded at fair value with the mark-to-market gains and losses recorded in revenues each period (refer to note 14 for further discussion of oil and gas derivative contracts). net mark-to-market (losses) gains on oil and gas derivative contracts totaled $(35) million in 2016 , compared with $87
production and delivery costs for mining operations were $640 million lower in 2016, compared to 2015, primarily reflecting the impact of cost reduction initiatives. production and delivery costs for our u.s. oil and gas operations were $590 million higher in 2016, compared to 2015, primarily reflecting higher charges for drillship settlements/idle rig and contract termination costs (which totaled $926 million in 2016, compared to $26 million in
production and delivery costs from mining operations were $394 million lower in 2015 , compared with 2014, primarily reflecting lower costs at our south america mines as a result of the sale of the candelaria and ojos del salado mines in november 2014 and lower diesel costs in indonesia, partly offset by higher costs at our north america mines associated with higher volumes. production and delivery costs for our u.s. oil and gas operations were $26 million lower in 2015, compared with 2014, primarily reflecting the sale of the eagle ford shale assets in june 2014 and lower well workover expense and steam gas costs in california.
mining unit site production and delivery costs site production and delivery costs for our copper mining operations primarily include labor, energy and commodity-
based inputs, such as sulphuric acid, reagents, liners, tires and explosives. consolidated unit site production and delivery costs (before net noncash and other costs) for our copper mines averaged $1.42 per pound of copper in 2016
, $1.81 per pound in 2015 and $1.95 per pound in 2014. lower consolidated unit site production and delivery costs in 2016 , compared with 2015, primarily reflect higher sales volumes and the impact of cost reduction initiatives.
lower consolidated unit site production and delivery costs in 2015, compared with 2014, primarily reflect higher copper sales volumes in north america and indonesia. refer to "operations - unit net cash costs" for further discussion of unit net cash costs associated with our operating divisions, and to "product revenues and
our copper mining operations require significant energy, principally diesel, electricity, coal and natural gas, most of which is obtained from third parties under long-term contracts. energy represented approximately 20 percent of our copper mine site operating costs in 2016 , including purchases of approximately 214 million gallons of diesel fuel; 8,400 gigawatt hours of electricity at our north america and south america copper mining operations
(we generate all of our power at our indonesia mining operation); 780 thousand metric tons of coal for our coal power plant in indonesia; and 1 million mmbtu (million british thermal units) of natural gas at certain of our north america mines. based on current cost estimates, energy will approximate 20 percent of our copper mine site operating costs for 2017 .
oil and gas production costs per boe production costs for our oil and gas operations primarily include costs incurred to operate and maintain wells and related equipment and facilities, such as lease operating expenses, steam gas costs, electricity, production and ad valorem taxes, and gathering and transportation expenses. cash production costs for our oil and gas operations averaged $15.19 per boe in 2016 , $18.59 per boe in 2015 and $20.08 per boe in 2014 . lower cash production costs in 2016 , compared with 2015, primarily resulted from cost reduction efforts. lower cash production costs in 2015, compared with 2014, primarily reflect lower well workover expense and steam gas costs in california. refer to
dd&a from our mining operations was $225 million higher in 2016 , compared with 2015 , primarily associated with higher sales volumes at cerro verde. dd&a from u.s. oil and gas operations was $935 million lower in 2016 , compared with 2015 , primarily reflecting lower dd&a rates as a result of impairment of our oil and gas properties.
dd&a from our mining operations was $92 million higher in 2015, compared with 2014, primarily associated with higher sales volumes in north america and indonesia. dd&a from u.s. oil and gas operations was $487 million lower in 2015 , compared with 2014 , primarily reflecting lower dd&a rates as a result of impairment of our oil and gas properties.
impairment of oil and gas properties under the full cost accounting rules, a "ceiling test" is conducted each quarter to review the carrying value of our u.s. oil and gas properties for impairment, which resulted in the recognition of impairment charges totaling
refer to note 1 and "critical accounting estimates" for further discussion.
million in 2016 associated with oil and gas operations and $18 million in 2015 for executive retirement benefits.
consolidated selling, general and administrative expenses were net of capitalized general and administrative expenses at our oil and gas operations totaling $78 million in 2016 , $124 million in 2015 and $143 million in
mining exploration and research expenses consolidated exploration and research expenses for our mining operations totaled $64 million in 2016 , $107 million in 2015 and $106 million in 2014 . our mining exploration activities are generally associated with our existing mines focusing on opportunities to expand reserves and resources to support development of additional future production capacity. exploration results continue to indicate opportunities for significant future potential reserve additions in
table of contents north and south america. exploration spending continues to be constrained by market conditions and is expected to approximate $47 million in 2017 .
"critical accounting estimates - environmental obligations" for further discussion). shutdown costs include care-
and-maintenance costs and any litigation, remediation or related expenditures associated with closed facilities or operations. net charges for environmental obligations and shutdown costs totaled $20 million in 2016 , $78 million in 2015 and $119 million in 2014 . refer to note 12 for further discussion of environmental obligations and litigation matters.
$1.7 billion for the full carrying value of goodwill associated with the 2013 oil and gas acquisitions.
net gain on sales of assets net gain on sales of assets totaled $649 million in 2016 , primarily related to the gains recognized for the morenci and timok transactions, partly offset by estimated losses on assets held for sale related to the potential freeport cobalt and kisanfu transactions. net gain on sales of assets for the year 2016 also reflects $183 million for contingent consideration, including $150 million associated with the sale of the deepwater gom oil and gas properties, which is payable to us as the buyer realizes future cash flows in connection with a third-party production handling agreement and $33 million for the fair value of the potential $150 million in contingent consideration from the sale of the onshore california oil and gas properties, which in accordance with accounting guidelines will continue to be adjusted to fair value through december 31, 2020.
net gain on sales of assets totaled $39 million in 2015 related to the sale of our one-third interest in the luna energy power facility in new mexico and $717 million in 2014 primarily related to the sale of our 80 percent interests in the candelaria and ojos del salado mines.
refer to note 2 for further discussion of dispositions.
interest expense, net consolidated interest expense (excluding capitalized interest and interest expense allocated to discontinued operations) totaled $854 million in 2016 , $832 million in 2015 and $842 million in 2014 . refer to note 2 for a summary of interest allocated to discontinued operations.
capitalized interest varies with the level of expenditures for our development projects and average interest rates on our borrowings, and totaled $99 million in 2016 , $215 million in 2015 and $236 million in 2014 . refer to
"operations" and "capital resources and liquidity - investing activities" for further discussion of current development projects.
net gain on exchanges and early extinguishment of debt net gains on exchanges and early extinguishment of debt totaled $26 million in 2016, primarily related to the redemption of certain senior notes in exchange for common stock, partly offset by losses associated with prepayments of the term loan and fees associated with the exchange of freeport-mcmoran oil & gas llc senior notes for new fcx senior notes. net gains on exchanges and early extinguishment of debt totaled $73 million in 2014, primarily related to senior note redemptions and tender offers. refer to note 8 for further discussion.
million in 2016 , $1 million in 2015 and $31 million in 2014 . the year 2015 also includes a gain of $92 million associated with net proceeds received from insurance carriers and other third parties related to the shareholder derivative litigation.
(provision) benefit from continuing operations for the years ended december 31 (in millions, except percentages):
(loss)a       tax rate          benefit             (loss)a        rate               benefit
income (loss)a        effectivetax rate                     efit
a.  represents income (loss) by geographic location before income taxes and equity in affiliated companies' net earnings(losses).
b.  includes net tax credits of$357 millionassociated with alternative minimum tax credits, changes to valuation allowances and net operating loss carryback claims.
includes a gain of $92 million related to net proceeds received from insurance carriers and other third c.  parties related to the shareholder derivative litigation settlement for which there was no related tax provision.
d.  includes a net tax credit of$13 million($17 millionnet of noncontrolling interests) related to changes in peruvian tax rules.
as a result of the impairment to u.s. oil and gas properties, we recorded tax charges to establish e.  valuation allowances against u.s. federal and state deferred tax assets that will not generate a future benefit.
includes a charge of$84 millionfor deferred taxes recorded in connection with the allocation of goodwill to f.  the sale of eagle ford shale assets; partly offset by a net benefit of$41 million(comprised of$57
millionrelated to changes in u.s. state income tax filing positions and a charge of$16 millionfor a change in u.s. federal income tax law regulations).
our consolidated effective income tax rate is a function of the combined effective tax rates for the jurisdictions in which we operate. accordingly, variations in the relative proportions of jurisdictional income result in fluctuations to our consolidated effective income tax rate. assuming achievement of current sales volume and cost estimates and average prices of $2.50 per pound for copper, $1,200 per ounce for gold and $7.00 per pound for molybdenum for 2017 , we estimate our consolidated effective tax rate for the year 2017 will approximate 46 percent and would decrease with higher prices.
table of contents net (loss) income from discontinued operations as further discussed in note 2, in november 2016, we completed the sale of our interest in tfhl, through which we had an effective 56 percent interest in the tenke copper and cobalt concessions in the southeast region of the democratic republic of congo (drc). in accordance with accounting guidelines, the results of tfhl through november
million in 2014 associated with the portion of the term loan that was required to be repaid as a result of the sale of our interest in tfhl. the year 2016 also included $198 million for the loss on disposal, which includes (i) a charge of $33 million for our share of the settlement agreement entered into with la générale des carrières et des mines (gécamines), which is wholly owned by the drc government, resulting in the resolution of all claims brought by gécamines against us (refer to note 2 for further discussion) and (ii) a gain of $13 million recognized for the fair value of contingent consideration, which in accordance with accounting guidelines will continue to be adjusted through december 31, 2019.
gain on redemption and preferred dividends attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest in connection with the december 2016 sale of the deepwater gom oil and gas properties, we settled a preferred stock obligation at our plains offshore subsidiary, which resulted in the recognition of a $199 million gain on redemption. refer to note 2 for further discussion.
operations north america copper mines we operate seven open-pit copper mines in north america - morenci, bagdad, safford, sierrita and miami in arizona, and chino and tyrone in new mexico. all of the north america mining operations are wholly owned, except for morenci.
2016, we completed the sale of an additional 13 percent undivided interest in morenci. as a result of the transaction, our undivided interest in morenci was prospectively reduced from 85 percent to 72 percent. refer to note 2 for further discussion.
the north america copper mines include open-pit mining, sulfide ore concentrating, leaching and solution extraction/electrowinning (sx/ew) operations. a majority of the copper produced at our north america copper mines is cast into copper rod by our rod & refining segment. the remainder of our north america copper sales is in the form of copper cathode or copper concentrate, a portion of which is shipped to atlantic copper (our wholly owned smelter). molybdenum concentrate, gold and silver are also produced by certain of our north america copper mines .
operating and development activities. we have significant undeveloped reserves and resources in north america and a portfolio of long-term development projects. future investments will be undertaken based on the results of economic and technical feasibility studies, and market conditions.
in response to market conditions, beginning in the second half of 2015, we took actions to reduce operating and capital costs and adjusted production to reflect market conditions. these operating plans will continue to be reviewed and additional adjustments may be made as market conditions warrant.
copper sales volumes from our north america copper mines decreased to 1.8 billion pounds in 2016 , compared with
2.0 billion pounds in 2015 , primarily reflecting the impact of the may 2016 sale of an additional 13 percent undivided interest in morenci and reduced mining rates.
copper sales volumes from our north america copper mines increased to 2.0 billion pounds in 2015 , compared with
unit net cash costs. unit net cash costs per pound of copper is a measure intended to provide investors with information about the cash-generating capacity of our mining operations expressed on a basis relating to the primary metal product for our respective operations. we use this measure for the same purpose and for monitoring operating performance by our mining operations. this information differs from measures of performance determined in accordance with u.s. gaap and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance determined in accordance with u.s. gaap. this measure is presented by other metals mining companies, although our measure may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies.
gross profit per pound of copper and molybdenum the following tables summarize unit net cash costs and gross profit per pound of copper at our north america copper mines for the years ended december 31. refer to "product revenues and production costs" for an explanation of the
"by-product" and "co-product" methods and a reconciliation of unit net cash costs per pound to production and delivery costs applicable to sales reported in our consolidated financial statements.
adjustments site production and delivery, before net noncash and other costs shown        1.42                  1.35         4.93          1.68                   1.59            5.61
credits treatment          0.11                  0.10            -          0.12                   0.12               -
charges unit net           1.41                  1.45         4.93          1.67                   1.71            5.61
costs, net total unit         1.75                  1.77         5.59          2.14                   2.16            6.37
pricing on prior period open sales gross profit per   $     0.49       $          0.47    $    0.75    $     0.32        $          0.30       $    0.65
our north america copper mines have varying cost structures because of differences in ore grades and characteristics, processing costs, by-product credits and other factors. during 2016 , average unit net cash costs
(net of by-product credits) for the north america copper mines ranged from $1.28 per pound to $2.01 per pound at the individual mines and averaged $1.41 per pound. lower average unit net cash costs (net of by-product credits) in
2016 , compared with $1.67 per pound in 2015 , reflects cost reduction initiatives.
because certain assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis, north america's average unit depreciation rate may vary with asset additions and the level of copper production and sales.
average unit net cash costs (net of by-product credits) for our north america copper mines are expected to approximate $1.55 per pound of copper for the year 2017 , based on achievement of current sales volume and cost estimates, and assuming an average molybdenum price of $7.00 per pound. north america's average unit net cash costs for the year 2017 would change by approximately $0.04 per pound for each $2 per pound change in the average price of molybdenum.
adjustments site production and delivery, before net noncash and other costs shown        1.68                   1.59            5.61          1.85                  1.73         6.85
credits treatment          0.12                   0.12               -          0.12                  0.12            -
charges unit net           1.67                   1.71            5.61          1.73                  1.85         6.85
costs, net total unit         2.14                   2.16            6.37          2.11                  2.21         7.52
pricing on prior period open sales gross profit per   $     0.32        $          0.30       $    0.65    $     1.02       $          0.92    $    4.22
unit net cash costs (net of by-product credits) for our north america copper mines decreased to $1.67 per pound of copper in 2015 , compared with $1.73 per pound in 2014 , primarily reflecting favorable impacts from higher copper sales volumes, partly offset by lower by-product credits.
south america mining includes open-pit mining, sulfide ore concentrating, leaching and sx/ew operations. production from our south america mines is sold as copper concentrate or cathode under long-term contracts. our south america mines also ship a portion of their copper concentrate and cathode to atlantic copper. in addition to copper, the cerro verde mine produces molybdenum concentrate and silver.
operating and development activities. the cerro verde expansion project commenced operations in september 2015 and achieved capacity operating rates during first-quarter 2016. cerro verde's expanded operations benefit from its large-scale, long-lived reserves and cost efficiencies. the project expanded the concentrator facilities from
120,000 metric tons of ore per day to 360,000 metric tons of ore per day and is expected to provide incremental annual production of approximately 600 million pounds of copper and 15 million pounds of molybdenum. cerro verde's copper production totaled 1.1 billion pounds in 2016, compared with 545 million pounds in 2015.
in response to market conditions, in the second half of 2015, we adjusted operations at our el abra mine to reduce mining and stacking rates by approximately 50 percent to achieve lower operating and labor costs, defer capital expenditures and extend the life of the existing operations.
we continue to evaluate a potential large-scale milling operation at el abra to process additional sulfide material and to achieve higher recoveries. exploration results in recent years at el abra indicate a significant sulfide resource, which could potentially support a major mill project. future investments will depend on technical studies, economic factors and market conditions.
higher consolidated copper sales volumes from south america of 1.3 billion pounds in 2016 , compared with 871
copper sales volumes from our south america mining operations totaled 871 million pounds in 2015 , and were lower compared with 1.1 billion pounds in 2014 , primarily reflecting the november 2014 sale of the candelaria and ojos del salado mines and lower ore grades at el abra, partly offset by higher mining and milling rates at cerro verde.
unit net cash costs. unit net cash costs per pound of copper is a measure intended to provide investors with information about the cash-generating capacity of our mining operations expressed on a basis relating to the primary metal product for our respective operations. we use this measure for the same purpose and for monitoring operating performance by our mining operations. this information differs from measures of performance determined in accordance with u.s. gaap and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance determined in accordance with u.s. gaap. this measure is presented by other metals mining companies, although our measure may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies.
gross profit per pound of copper the following tables summarize unit net cash costs and gross profit per pound of copper at our south america mining operations for the years ended december 31. unit net cash costs per pound of copper are reflected under the by-
methods and a reconciliation of unit net cash costs per pound to production and delivery costs applicable to sales reported in our consolidated financial statements.
site produc...
credits treatm...         0.24              0.24           0.19              0.19              0.17               0.17
metals unit net             1.41              1.44           1.74              1.75              1.58     a         1.68
costs, net total unit            1.85              1.86           2.27              2.27              1.96               2.05
open sales gross profit   $      0.47       $      0.46    $      0.08       $      0.08       $      1.07        $      0.98
a.  excluding the results of candelaria and ojos del salado mines, south america mining's unit net cash costs averaged $1.57 per pound of copper in 2014.
during 2016 , unit net cash costs (net of by-product credits) for the south america mines were $1.33 per pound of copper for the cerro verde mine and $1.77 per pound for the el abra mine and averaged $1.41 per pound. lower average unit net cash costs (net of by-product credits) for our south america mining operations in 2016 , compared with $1.74 per pound in 2015 , primarily reflect higher copper sales volumes and efficiencies associated with the cerro verde expansion.
unit net cash costs (net of by-product credits) for our south america mining operations increased to $1.74 per pound of copper in 2015 , compared with $1.58 per pound in 2014 , primarily reflecting lower by-product credits.
revenues from cerro verde's concentrate sales are recorded net of treatment charges. accordingly, treatment charges will vary with cerro verde's sales volumes and the price of copper.
because certain assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis, south america's unit depreciation rate may vary with asset additions and the level of copper production and sales.
average unit net cash costs (net of by-product credits) for our south america mining operations are expected to approximate $1.61 per pound of copper for the year 2017 , based on current sales volume and cost estimates, and assuming average prices of $7.00 per pound of molybdenum in 2017 .
indonesia mining indonesia mining includes pt-fi's grasberg minerals district, one of the world's largest copper and gold deposits, in papua, indonesia. we own 90.64 percent of pt-fi, including 9.36 percent owned through our wholly owned subsidiary, pt indocopper investama.
pt-fi proportionately consolidates an unincorporated joint venture with rio tinto plc (rio tinto), under which rio tinto has a 40 percent interest in certain assets and a 40 percent interest through 2022 (previously 2021 before recent adjustments caused by production shortfalls) in production exceeding specified annual amounts of copper, gold and silver. after 2022, all production and related revenues and costs are shared 60 percent pt-fi and 40
percent rio tinto. refer to note 3 for further discussion of our joint venture with rio tinto. under the joint venture arrangements, pt-fi was allocated nearly 100 percent of copper, gold and silver production and sales for each of the three years ended december 31, 2016 . at december 31, 2016 , the amounts allocated 100 percent to pt-fi remaining to be produced totaled 5.7 billion pounds of copper, 8.6 million ounces of gold and 15.7 million ounces of silver. based on the current mine plans, pt-fi anticipates that it will be allocated most of the production and related revenues and costs through 2022.
pt-fi produces copper concentrate that contains significant quantities of gold and silver. substantially all of pt-
regulatory matters . pt-fi continues to seek approval from indonesian authorities for the export of its copper concentrate, consistent with its rights under the cow.
in january 2014, the indonesian government published regulations that among other things imposed a progressive export duty on copper concentrate and restricts concentrate exports after january 12, 2017. despite pt-fi's rights under its cow to export concentrate without the payment of duties, pt-fi was unable to obtain administrative approval for exports and operated at approximately half of its capacity from mid-january 2014 through july 2014.
in july 2014, pt-fi and the indonesian government entered into a memorandum of understanding (mou) in which, subject to concluding an agreement to extend pt-fi's operations beyond 2021 on acceptable terms, pt-fi agreed to construct new smelter capacity in indonesia and to divest an additional 20.64 percent interest in pt-fi at fair market value. under the mou, pt-fi provided a $115 million assurance bond to support its commitment for smelter development, agreed to increase royalty rates and agreed to pay export duties until certain smelter development milestones were met. the mou also anticipated an amendment of the cow within six months to address other matters;
however, no terms of the cow other than those relating to the smelter bond, increased royalties and export duties were changed. in january 2015, the mou was extended to july 25, 2015, and it expired on that date. the indonesian government has continued to impose the increased royalty rates, export duties and smelter assurance bond.
in october 2015, the indonesian government provided a letter of assurance to pt-fi indicating that it would revise regulations allowing it to approve the extension of pt-fi's operations beyond 2021, and provide the same rights and the same level of legal and fiscal certainty provided under the current cow.
in january and february 2017, the indonesian government issued new regulations to address exports of unrefined metals, including copper concentrate and anode slimes, and other matters related to the mining sector. the new regulations permit the continuation of copper concentrate exports for a five-year period through january 2022, subject to various conditions, including conversion from a contract of work to a special operating license (known as an iupk, which provides virtually none of the protections of a contract of work), commitment to completion of smelter construction in five years and payment of export duties to be determined by the ministry of finance. in addition, the new regulations enable application for extension of operating rights five years before expiration of the iupk and require foreign iupk holders to divest 51 percent to indonesian interests no later than the tenth year of production. export licenses would be valid for one-year periods, subject to review every six months, depending on smelter construction progress.
the january 2017 regulations permit the export of anode slimes, which is necessary for pt smelting to continue operating. pt smelting is seeking to renew its anode slimes export license; however, we cannot predict when pt smelting's anode slimes export license may be renewed. in addition, a labor strike at pt smelting has resulted in a shutdown of its operations since january 19, 2017. although pt-fi is taking near-term actions to reduce production to match available processing capacity at pt smelting, or approximately 40 percent of pt-fi's concentrate production capacity, on february 10, 2017, pt-fi was forced to suspend production as a result of limited storage capacity at pt-fi and pt smelting. pt smelting has indicated that it expects to resume operations in march 2017.
delays in pt smelting obtaining its anode slimes export license or restarting operations could further impact pt-
following the issuance of the january and february 2017 regulations and discussions with the government, pt-fi advised the indonesian government that it was prepared to convert its cow to an iupk, subject to obtaining an investment stability agreement providing equivalent rights with the same level of legal and fiscal certainty enumerated under its cow, and provided that the cow would remain in effect until it is replaced by a mutually satisfactory alternative. pt-fi also committed to commence construction of a new smelter during a five-year timeframe after approval of the extension of its long-term operating rights.
under its cow, pt-fi has specified rights to export copper concentrate without restriction or payment of export duties. pt-fi has requested that concentrate exports be permitted without the imposition of export duties while the new license and stability agreement are negotiated. the indonesia government has indicated that in order to export its concentrate production, pt-fi would be required to immediately convert to an iupk, forgo its current rights to fiscal and legal certainty and commit to a new smelter prior to completing a long-term investment stability agreement. pt-fi has advised the indonesian government that attempts to enforce the new regulations on pt-fi violates its cow and that it is unwilling to terminate its cow unless replaced by a mutually acceptable form of agreement providing fiscal and legal assurances to support its long-term investment plans in papua, indonesia.
pt-fi is taking near-term actions to reduce production to match available processing capacity at pt smelting, or approximately 40 percent of pt-fi's concentrate production capacity (assuming that pt smelting's export license is approved and its operations are resumed in march 2017). pt-fi has begun to significantly adjust its cost structure, reduce its workforce and spending with local suppliers, and suspend investments in its underground development projects and new smelter.
on february 17, 2017, pursuant to the cow's dispute resolution provisions, pt-fi provided formal notice to the indonesian government of an impending dispute listing the government's breaches and violations of the cow, which are described in "risk factors" contained in part 1, item 1a. of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2016.
in january 2017, the indonesia tax court issued a ruling against pt-fi with respect to assessments from the local regional tax authority in papua, indonesia, for additional taxes and penalties related to surface water taxes for the period from january 2011 through july 2015 in the amount of $376 million (based on the exchange rate as of december 31, 2016, and including $227 million in penalties). the aggregate amount of assessments received from august 2015 through december 2016 was an additional $93 million, including penalties (based on the exchange rate as of december 31, 2016). pt-fi continues to believe that its cow exempts it from these payments, and that pt-fi has the right to contest these assessments by appeal to the indonesia supreme court and/or by instituting dispute resolution proceedings under the cow. in addition, on february 17, 2017, pt-fi provided formal notice to the indonesian government of an impending dispute listing the government's breaches and violations of the cow, including the imposition of surface water taxes in excess of the restrictions imposed by the cow. as of february
24, 2017 , pt-fi has not paid and does not intend to pay amounts to the local regional tax authority related to these assessments for additional taxes and penalties. refer to note 12 for further discussion.
refer to "risk factors" contained in part i, item 1a. of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december
31, 2016 , for discussion of risks associated with our operations in indonesia.
operating and development activities . pt-fi is currently mining the final phase of the grasberg open pit, which contains high copper and gold ore grades. pt-fi expects to mine high-grade ore over the next several quarters prior to transitioning to the grasberg block cave underground mine during 2018.
pt-fi has several projects in progress in the grasberg minerals district related to the development of its large-
scale, long-lived, high-grade underground ore bodies. in aggregate, these underground ore bodies are expected to produce large-scale quantities of copper and gold following the transition from the grasberg open pit. from 2017 to
2021, estimated aggregate capital spending on these projects was expected to average $1.0 billion per year ($0.8
billion per year net to pt-fi). considering the long-term nature and size of these projects, actual costs could vary from these estimates. additionally, in response to market conditions and indonesian regulatory uncertainty, the timing of these expenditures continues to be reviewed. pt-fi has begun suspending investments in its underground development projects, pending resolution of its long-term mining rights. if pt-fi is unable to reach agreement with the indonesian government on its long-term mining rights, we may be required to further reduce or defer investments in underground development projects.
the following provides additional information on the continued development of the common infrastructure project, the grasberg block cave underground mine and the deep mill level zone (dmlz) ore body that lies below the deep ore zone (doz) underground mine. our current plans and mineral reserves in indonesia assume that pt-fi's cow will be extended beyond 2021.
common infrastructure and grasberg block cave mine. in 2004, pt-fi commenced its common infrastructure project to provide access to its large undeveloped underground ore bodies located in the grasberg minerals district through a tunnel system located approximately 400 meters deeper than its existing underground tunnel system. in addition to providing access to our underground ore bodies, the tunnel system will enable pt-fi to conduct future exploration in prospective areas associated with currently identified ore bodies. the tunnel system was completed to the big gossan terminal, and the big gossan mine was brought into production in 2010. production from the big gossan mine restarted in fourth-quarter 2016 and is expected to ramp up to 7,000 metric tons of ore per day in 2022.
the grasberg block cave underground mine accounts for approximately half of our recoverable proven and probable reserves in indonesia. production from the grasberg block cave mine is expected to commence in 2018, following the end of mining of the grasberg open pit. targeted production rates once the grasberg block cave mining operation reaches full capacity are expected to approximate 160,000 metric tons of ore per day. as a result of current market conditions, pt-fi is reviewing its operating plans to determine the optimum mine plan for the grasberg block cave.
previous estimates for aggregate mine development capital for the grasberg block cave mine and associated common infrastructure approximated $6.3 billion (incurred between 2008 to 2022), with pt-fi's share totaling approximately
billion during 2016 ). pt-fi has begun suspending investments in its underground development projects, pending resolution of its long-term mining rights. if pt-fi is unable to reach agreement with the indonesian government on its long-term mining rights, we may be required to further reduce or defer investments in underground development projects.
2015, pt-fi initiated pre-commercial production that represents ore extracted during the development phase for the purpose of obtaining access to the ore body. targeted production rates once the dmlz underground mine reaches full capacity are expected to approximate 80,000 metric tons of ore per day in 2022.
drilling efforts continue to determine the extent of the ore body. aggregate mine development capital costs for the dmlz underground mine are expected to approximate $3.2 billion (incurred between 2009 and 2021), with pt-fi's share totaling approximately $1.9 billion. aggregate project costs totaling $1.8 billion have been incurred through december 31, 2016 ($0.3 billion during 2016 ). pt-fi has begun suspending investments in its underground development projects, pending resolution of its long-term mining rights. if pt-fi is unable to reach agreement with the indonesian government on its long-term mining rights, we may be required to further reduce or defer investments in underground development projects.
100% operating data ore milled (metric tons per day):a grasberg open pit                          119,700       115,900        69,100
a.  amounts represent the approximate average daily throughput processed at pt-fi's mill facilities from each producing mine and from development activities that result in metal production.
sales volumes from our indonesia mining operations totaled 1.1 billion pounds of copper and 1.1 million ounces of gold in 2016 , compared with 744 million pounds of copper and 1.2 million ounces of gold in 2015 . higher copper sales volumes in 2016 primarily reflect higher copper ore grades. lower gold sales volumes in 2016 primarily reflect lower gold ore grades.
sales volumes from our indonesia mining operations totaled 744 million pounds of copper and 1.2 million ounces of gold in 2015 , compared with 664 million pounds of copper and 1.2 million ounces of gold in 2014 , reflecting higher mill rates because of the 2014 export restrictions, partly offset by lower ore grades.
at the grasberg mine, the sequencing of mining areas with varying ore grades causes fluctuations in quarterly and annual production of copper and gold. consolidated sales volumes from indonesia mining operations included in our january 2017 projections (assuming the resumption of concentrate exports in february 2017, which has not occurred as of february 24, 2017 ) were expected to approximate 1.3 billion pounds of copper and 2.2 million ounces of gold for 2017. pt-fi's first-quarter 2017 production has been adversely impacted by the suspension of its concentrate exports and a labor strike at pt smelting, which resulted in a shutdown of its operations since january 19, 2017.
pt smelting has advised pt-fi that it expects to resume operations in march 2017. assuming resumption of pt smelting's operations in march 2017 and a continuation of the ban on pt-fi's copper concentrate exports, we estimate our first-quarter 2017 sales will be reduced, resulting in deferrals of approximately 170 million pounds of copper and 270 thousand ounces of gold. for each month of delay in obtaining approval to export, pt-fi's share of production is projected to be reduced by approximately 70 million pounds of copper and 70 thousand ounces of gold.
unit net cash costs. unit net cash costs per pound of copper is a measure intended to provide investors with information about the cash-generating capacity of our mining operations expressed on a basis relating to the primary metal product for our respective operations. we use this measure for the same purpose and for monitoring operating performance by our mining operations. this information differs from measures of performance determined in accordance with u.s. gaap and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance determined in accordance with u.s. gaap. this measure is presented by other metal mining companies, although our measure may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies.
gross profit per pound of copper and per ounce of gold the following tables summarize the unit net cash costs and gross profit per pound of copper and per ounce of gold at our indonesia mining operations for the years ended december 31. refer to "product revenues and production costs" for an explanation of "by-product" and "co-product" methods and a reconciliation of unit net cash costs per pound to production and delivery costs applicable to sales reported in our consolidated financial statements.
site producti...
credits treatment        0.28                0.18             97                0.31                0.17             83
on metals unit net cash             0.83                1.36            734                1.09                1.66            801
costs, net total unit             1.24                1.63            876                1.53                1.91            920
profit gross profit     $     1.06       $        0.67       $    369       $        0.74       $        0.37       $    220
a significant portion of pt-fi's costs are fixed and unit costs vary depending on volumes and other factors.
indonesia's unit net cash costs (including gold and silver credits) of $0.83 per pound of copper in 2016 were lower than unit net cash costs of $1.09 per pound in 2015 , primarily reflecting higher copper sales volumes, partly offset by lower gold and silver credits.
treatment charges vary with the volume of metals sold and the price of copper, and royalties vary with the volume of metals sold and the prices of copper and gold.
export duties were initially set at 7.5 percent in july 2014 and were reduced to 5.0 percent in july 2015 as a result of smelter development progress. export duties totaled $95 million in 2016 , $109 million in 2015 and $77 million in 2014 .
because certain assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis, pt-fi's unit depreciation rate varies with the level of copper production and sales.
pt smelting intercompany (loss) profit represents the change in the deferral of 25 percent of pt-fi's profit on sales to pt smelting. refer to "operations - smelting & refining" for further discussion.
anticipated higher ore grades from the grasberg mine are expected to result in lower unit net cash costs in 2017.
assuming an average gold price of $1,200 per ounce for 2017 and achievement of the sales volume and cost estimates included in our january 2017 projections (including the resumption of concentrate exports by pt-fi in february 2017, which has not occurred as of february 24, 2017 ), unit net cash credits (net of gold and silver credits) for indonesia mining were expected to approximate $0.03 per pound of copper for the year 2017 . indonesia mining's unit net cash credits would change by approximately $0.075 per pound for each $50 per ounce change in the average price of gold during 2017 . because of the fixed nature of a large portion of indonesia's costs, unit costs vary from quarter to quarter depending on copper and gold volumes.
site producti...
credits treatment           0.31                0.17             83             0.26                0.15             61
on metals unit net cash                1.09                1.66            801             1.06                1.90            777
costs, net total unit                1.53                1.91            920             1.75                2.30            939
profit gross profit     $        0.74       $        0.37       $    220    $        1.23        $       0.66       $    317
fixed costs totaling $0.22 per pound of copper charged directly to cost of sales as a result of the impact a.  of export restrictions on pt-fi's operating rates are excluded from site production and delivery and included in net noncash and other costs in2014.
unit net cash costs (net of gold and silver credits) for our indonesia mining operations of $1.09 per pound of copper in 2015 were higher than unit net cash costs of $1.06 per pound in 2014 , primarily reflecting lower gold and silver credits, partly offset by lower site production and delivery mostly associated with lower diesel costs and foreign exchange impacts.
molybdenum mines we have two wholly owned molybdenum mines in north america - the henderson underground mine and the climax open-pit mine, both in colorado. the henderson and climax mines produce high-purity, chemical-grade molybdenum concentrate, which is typically further processed into value-added molybdenum chemical products. the majority of the molybdenum concentrate produced at the henderson and climax mines, as well as from our north and south america copper mines, is processed at our own conversion facilities.
operating and development activities. in response to market conditions, the henderson molybdenum mine operated at reduced rates during 2016, resulting in an approximate 65 percent reduction in its annual production volumes.
unit net cash costs per pound of molybdenum. unit net cash costs per pound of molybdenum is a measure intended to provide investors with information about the cash-generating capacity of our mining operations expressed on a basis relating to the primary metal product for our respective operations. we use this measure for the same purpose and for monitoring operating performance by our mining operations. this information differs from measures of performance determined in accordance with u.s. gaap and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance determined in accordance with u.s. gaap. this measure is presented by other metals mining companies, although our measure may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies.
average unit net cash costs for our molybdenum mines totaled $8.36 per pound of molybdenum in 2016 , $7.11 per pound in 2015 and $7.08 per pound in 2014 . the increase in the average unit net cash costs for molybdenum in 2016, compared to 2015 and 2014, primarily reflects lower volumes. assuming achievement of current sales volume and cost estimates, we estimate unit net cash costs for the molybdenum mines to average $7.75 per pound of molybdenum for the year 2017 . refer to "product revenues and production costs" for a reconciliation of unit net cash costs per pound to production and delivery costs applicable to sales reported in our consolidated financial statements.
smelting & refining we wholly own and operate a smelter in arizona (miami smelter) and a smelter and refinery in spain (atlantic copper). additionally, pt-fi owns 25 percent of a smelter and refinery in gresik, indonesia (pt smelting).
treatment charges for smelting and refining copper concentrate consist of a base rate per pound of copper and per ounce of gold and are generally fixed. treatment charges represent a cost to our mining operations and income to atlantic copper and pt smelting. thus, higher treatment charges benefit our smelter operations and adversely affect our mining operations. our north america copper mines are less significantly affected by changes in treatment charges because these operations are largely integrated with our miami smelter. through this form of downstream integration, we are assured placement of a significant portion of our concentrate production.
pt-fi's contract with pt smelting provides for pt-fi to supply 100 percent of the copper concentrate requirements
(subject to a minimum or maximum treatment charge rate) necessary for pt smelting to produce 205,000 metric tons of copper annually on a priority basis. an extension of the minimum and maximum treatment charge rate, which expires in april 2017, is currently being negotiated. pt-fi may also sell copper concentrate to pt smelting at market rates for quantities in excess of 205,000 metric tons of copper annually. pt-fi supplied 88 percent of pt smelting's concentrate requirements in 2016 and approximately 80 percent in both 2015 and 2014. pt smelting processed 42
refer to "operations - indonesia mining" and "risk factors" contained in part i, item ia. of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2016 , for information regarding indonesia regulatory matters that impact the export of anode slimes by pt smelting.
we defer recognizing profits on sales from our mining operations to atlantic copper and on 25 percent of pt-fi's sales to pt smelting until final sales to third parties occur. changes in these deferrals attributable to variability in intercompany volumes resulted in net (reductions) additions to net income attributable to common stock of $(8) million ( $(0.01) per share) in 2016 , $42 million ( $0.04 per share) in 2015 and $43 million ( $0.04
per share) in 2014 . our net deferred profits on our inventories at atlantic copper and pt smelting to be recognized in future periods' net income attributable to common stock totaled $43 million at december 31, 2016 .
quarterly variations in ore grades, the timing of intercompany shipments and changes in product prices will result in variability in our net deferred profits and quarterly earnings.
"critical accounting estimates" for further discussion. the combined impact of the reduction in twelve-month historical prices and reserve revisions caused net capitalized costs with respect to fm o&g's proved u.s. oil and gas properties to exceed the ceiling test limitation specified by full cost accounting rules, which resulted in the recognition of impairment charges totaling $4.3 billion in 2016 , $13.0 billion in 2015 and $3.7 billion in 2014 .
we also recognized impairment charges of $18 million in 2016 and $164 million in 2015 for international oil and gas properties, primarily related to unsuccessful exploration activities in morocco.
per boe for 2015 , primarily reflecting lower oil prices and the impact of realized cash gains on derivative contracts in 2015 (cash gains of $0.13 per boe in 2016 , compared with $7.72 per boe in 2015 ). realized revenues for oil and gas operations of $43.54 per boe for 2015 were lower than realized revenues of $71.83 per boe for 2014, primarily reflecting lower oil prices and higher cash gains on derivative contracts (cash gains of $7.72 per boe in
2015, compared with cash losses of $2.15 per boe in 2014).
discontinued operations africa mining in november 2016, we completed the sale of our interest in tfhl, through which we held an effective 56 percent interest in the tenke copper and cobalt mining concessions in the southeast region of the drc. in accordance with accounting guidelines, the operating results of africa mining have been separately reported as discontinued operations in the consolidated statements of operations for all periods presented.
sales volumes from tfm decreased to 424 million pounds of copper and 33 million pounds of cobalt in 2016, compared with 467 million pounds of copper and 35 million pounds of cobalt in 2015 , primarily reflecting the november 2016
sales volumes from tfm increased to 467 million pounds of copper and 35 million pounds of cobalt in 2015 , compared with 425 million pounds of copper and 30 million pounds of cobalt in 2014 . higher copper sales volumes primarily reflect timing of shipments and higher cobalt sales volumes primarily reflect higher ore grades.
unit net cash costs. unit net cash costs per pound of copper is a measure intended to provide investors with information about the cash-generating capacity of our mining operations expressed on a basis relating to the primary metal product for our respective operations. we use this measure for the same purpose and for monitoring operating performance by our mining operations. this information differs from measures of performance determined in accordance with u.s. gaap and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance determined in accordance with u.s. gaap. this measure is presented by other metals mining companies, although our measure may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies.
gross profit per pound of copper and cobalt. the following tables summarize the unit net cash costs and gross profit per pound of copper and cobalt at our africa mining operations for the period from january 1, 2016, through november 16, 2016, and for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014. refer to "product revenues and production costs" for an explanation of "by-product" and "co-product" methods and a reconciliation of unit net cash costs per pound to production and delivery costs applicable to sales reported in our consolidated financial statements.
site product...
creditsb royalty on                0.05               0.04            0.12            0.05               0.04            0.14
metals unit net cash              1.24               1.41            5.37            1.21               1.41            5.54
costs, net total unit              1.79               1.86            6.65            1.83               1.93            6.96
open sales gross profit    $       0.30       $       0.23       $    0.92    $       0.58       $       0.48       $    1.23
higher unit net cash costs (net of cobalt credits) for africa mining of $1.24 per pound of copper in 2016 , compared with $1.21 per pound of copper in 2015 , primarily reflects lower cobalt credits.
site producti...
creditsb royalty             0.05               0.04            0.14                0.07               0.06         0.16
on metals unit net cash                1.21               1.41            5.54                1.15               1.45         5.46
costs, net total unit                1.83               1.93            6.96                1.74               1.95         6.70
open sales gross profit     $        0.58       $       0.48       $    1.23       $        1.32       $       1.11    $    3.03
higher unit net cash costs (net of cobalt credits) for africa mining of $1.21 per pound of copper in 2015 , compared with $1.15 per pound of copper in 2014 , primarily reflects lower cobalt credits.
table of contents capital resources and liquidity our consolidated operating cash flows vary with prices realized from copper, gold and molybdenum, our sales volumes, production costs, income taxes, other working capital changes and other factors. during 2016, we took actions to restore our balance sheet strength through a combination of asset sale transactions, cash flow from operations and capital market transactions. during the year, we completed $6.6 billion in asset sale transactions and generated gross proceeds of $1.5 billion from a registered at-the-market offering of common stock. refer to notes 2 and 10 for further discussion. during 2016, we reduced total debt by $4.3 billion, which included the repayment of the $3.0 billion balance of the our term loan.
we have retained a high-quality portfolio of long-lived copper assets positioned to generate long-term value. in addition to debt reduction plans, we are pursuing opportunities to enhance our mines' net present values, and we continue to advance studies for future development of our copper resources, the timing of which will be dependent on market conditions.
withholding taxes and other                        (22  )
cash held at our international operations is generally used to support our foreign operations' capital expenditures, operating expenses, working capital and other tax payments or other cash needs. management believes that sufficient liquidity is available in the u.s. from cash balances and availability from our revolving credit facility and uncommitted lines of credit. we have not elected to permanently reinvest earnings from our foreign subsidiaries, and we have recorded deferred tax liabilities for foreign earnings that are available to be repatriated to the u.s. from time to time, our foreign subsidiaries distribute earnings to the u.s. through dividends that are subject to applicable withholding taxes and noncontrolling interests' share.
cerro verde credit facility      1.4    2.7%
at december 31, 2016 , we had no borrowings, $43 million in letters of credit issued and availability of $3.5
billion under our revolving credit facility.
during 2016, we repaid the $3.0 billion balance of our term loan with proceeds from asset sale transactions, purchased $38 million of our senior notes in open-market transactions and exchanged $369 million in senior notes for 27.7 million shares of our common stock in a series of privately negotiated transactions. additionally, in december 2016, we completed an exchange offer and consent solicitations associated with the freeport-mcmoran oil &
table of contents operating activities we generated consolidated operating cash flows totaling $3.7 billion in 2016 (including $57 million in working capital sources and changes in other tax payments), $3.2 billion in 2015 (including $0.4 billion in working capital sources and changes in other tax payments) and $5.6 billion in 2014 (net of $0.6 billion in working capital uses and changes in other tax payments).
higher consolidated operating cash flows for 2016 , compared with 2015 , primarily reflects the impact of cost reduction efforts, partly offset by a decrease in working capital sources mostly resulting from higher trade receivables, partly offset by lower tax payments by our international mining operations.
lower consolidated operating cash flows for 2015 , compared with 2014 , primarily reflects the impact of lower commodity price realizations, partly offset by an increase in working capital sources mostly associated with accounts receivable associated with settlements of oil and gas derivative contracts and inventories reflecting a decrease in volumes and lower average costs.
subject to future commodity prices for copper, gold and molybdenum, we expect estimated consolidated operating cash flows for the year 2017 , plus available cash and availability under our credit facility and uncommitted lines of credit, to be sufficient to fund our budgeted capital expenditures, scheduled debt maturities, noncontrolling interest distributions and other cash requirements for the year. refer to "outlook" for further discussion of projected operating cash flows for the year 2017 , and to "operations - indonesia mining" and "risk factors"
contained in part i, item 1a. of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2016, for discussion of regulatory matters in indonesia, which may have a significant impact on future results.
investing activities capital expenditures. capital expenditures, including capitalized interest, totaled $2.8 billion in 2016 , consisting of $1.6 billion for mining operations (including $1.2 billion for major projects) and $1.2 billion for oil and gas operations; $6.4 billion in 2015 , consisting of $3.3 billion for mining operations (including $2.4
lower capital expenditures in 2016, compared with 2015, primarily reflect a decrease in oil and gas exploration and development activities in deepwater gom and lower spending for major mining projects, mostly resulting from the completion of the cerro verde expansion.
lower capital expenditures in 2015, compared with 2014, primarily reflected decreased spending for major projects at mining operations, mostly resulting from the completion of the morenci mill expansion, which was substantially completed in may 2014.
refer to "outlook" for further discussion of projected capital expenditures for the year 2017.
dispositions and acquisitions. proceeds, net of closing adjustments, from asset sales totaled $6.4 billion in 2016, primarily associated with the sales of our interest in tfhl, the deepwater gom, onshore california and haynesville oil and gas properties, an additional 13 percent undivided interest in morenci, and an interest in the timok exploration project in serbia.
proceeds, net of closing adjustments, from asset sales in 2014 totaled $4.6 billion , associated with the sales of our 80 percent ownership interest in the candelaria and ojos del salado mines and the eagle ford shale assets. in
2014, we also acquired additional deepwater gom interests for $1.4 billion.
refer to note 2 for further discussion of these dispositions and acquisitions.
financing activities debt transactions. net repayments of debt in 2016 totaled $3.9 billion primarily for the repayment of the term loan and payments on the cerro verde credit facility.
net proceeds from debt in 2015 totaled $1.6 billion primarily reflecting borrowings of $1.4 billion under cerro verde's credit facility to fund its expansion project.
table of contents during 2014, we completed the sale of $3.0 billion of senior notes. the proceeds from these senior notes were used to fund our december 2014 tender offers for $1.14 billion aggregate principal of senior notes, essentially all of our 2015 scheduled debt maturities, $300 million of 7.625% senior notes, and to repay borrowings under our revolving credit facility.
equity transactions. net proceeds from the sale of common stock of $1.5 billion in 2016 and $1.9 billion in 2015
reflect sales of our common stock under registered at-the-market equity offerings. refer to note 10 for further discussion.
dividends. the board reduced our annual common stock dividend from $1.25 per share to $0.20 per share in march 2015, and subsequently suspended the annual common stock dividend in december 2015. the declaration of dividends is at the discretion of our board and will depend upon our financial results, cash requirements, future prospects and other factors deemed relevant by our board. additionally, in connection with the february 2016
amendment to the revolving credit facility, we are not permitted to pay dividends on our common stock on or prior to march 31, 2017.
we paid dividends on our common stock totaling $6 million in 2016 (all of which is related to accumulated dividends paid for vested stock-based compensation), $605 million in 2015 (including $115 million for a special dividend paid in accordance with the settlement terms of the shareholder derivative litigation) and $1.3 billion in 2014 .
contractual obligations we have contractual and other long-term obligations, including debt maturities based on the principal amounts, which we expect to fund with available cash, projected operating cash flows, availability under our revolving credit facility or future financing transactions, if necessary. following is a summary of these various obligations at december 31, 2016 (in millions):
debt maturities                          $  15,948    $  1,234    $    3,381    $    2,479    $       8,854
represents estimated cash payments, on an undiscounted and unescalated basis, associated with aro and environmental activities (including $714 million for our oil and gas operations). the timing and the amount b.  of these payments could change as a result of changes in regulatory requirements, changes in scope and timing of aro activities, the settlement of environmental matters and as actual spending occurs. refer to note12for additional discussion of environmental and aro matters.
($1.4 billion), cobalt ($0.8 billion), electricity ($0.5 billion) and transportation services ($0.4
billion). some of our take-or-pay contracts are settled based on the prevailing market rate for the service c.  or commodity purchased, and in some cases, the amount of the actual obligation may change over time because of market conditions. obligations for copper concentrate provide for deliveries of specified volumes to atlantic copper at market-based prices. obligations for cobalt provide for deliveries of specified volumes to freeport cobalt at market-based prices. electricity obligations are primarily for long-term power purchase agreements in north america and contractual minimum demand at the south america mines.
table of contents we had recorded $23 million for the fair value of contingent payments related to drillship settlements, which is included within the above amounts. also included in the above amounts are oil and gas obligations related to the termination of contracts for support vessels and equipment.
this table excludes certain other obligations in our consolidated balance sheets, such as estimated funding for pension, postretirement and other employee benefit obligations as the funding may vary from year to year based on changes in the fair value of plan assets and actuarial assumptions, commitments and d.  contingencies totaling $102 million and unrecognized tax benefits totaling$167 millionwhere the timing of settlement is not determinable, and other less significant amounts. this table also excludes purchase orders for inventory and other goods and services, as purchase orders typically represent authorizations to purchase rather than binding agreements.
in addition to our debt maturities and other contractual obligations discussed above, we have other commitments, which we expect to fund with available cash, projected operating cash flows, available credit facilities or future financing transactions, if necessary. these include (i) pt-fi's commitment to provide one percent of its annual revenue for the development of the local people in its area of operations through the freeport partnership fund for community development, (ii) cerro verde's scheduled installment payments for disputed mining royalty assessments and (iii) other commercial commitments, including standby letters of credit, surety bonds and guarantees. refer to notes 12 and 13 for further discussion.
contingencies environmental the cost of complying with environmental laws is a fundamental and substantial cost of our business. at december
31, 2016 , we had $1.2 billion recorded in our consolidated balance sheet for environmental obligations attributed to cercla or analogous state programs and for estimated future costs associated with environmental obligations that are considered probable based on specific facts and circumstances.
we incurred environmental capital expenditures and other environmental costs (including our joint venture partners'
shares) to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations that affect our operations totaling $0.4
billion in each of 2016, 2015 and 2014. for 2017 , we expect to incur approximately $0.6 billion of aggregate environmental capital expenditures and other environmental costs, which includes expenditures for miami smelter pollution control equipment. the timing and amount of estimated payments could change as a result of changes in regulatory requirements, changes in scope and timing of reclamation and plug and abandonment activities, the settlement of environmental matters and the rate at which actual spending occurs on continuing matters.
refer to note 12 and "risk factors" contained in part i, item 1a. of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2016 , for further information about environmental regulation, including significant environmental matters.
asset retirement obligations we recognize aros as liabilities when incurred, with the initial measurement at fair value. these obligations, which are initially estimated based on discounted cash flow estimates, are accreted to full value over time through charges to cost of sales. mine reclamation costs for disturbances are recorded as an aro and as a related asset retirement cost (arc) (included in property, plant, equipment and mine development costs) in the period of disturbance. oil and gas plugging and abandonment costs are recognized as an aro and as a related arc (included in oil and gas properties) in the period in which the well is drilled or acquired. our cost estimates are reflected on a third-party cost basis and comply with our legal obligation to retire tangible, long-lived assets. at december
litigation and other contingencies refer to notes 2 and 12 and "legal proceedings" contained in part i, item 3. of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2016 , for further discussion of contingencies associated with legal proceedings and other matters.