item 1a.    risk factors we face a variety of risks that are substantial and inherent in our businesses, including market, liquidity, credit, operational, legal, regulatory and reputational risks. the following are some of the more important factors that could affect our businesses.
our businesses have been and may continue to be adversely affected by conditions in the global financial markets and economic conditions generally.
our businesses, by their nature, do not produce predictable earnings, and all of our businesses are materially affected by conditions in the global financial markets and economic conditions generally, both directly and through their impact on client activity levels. these conditions can change suddenly and negatively.
our financial performance is highly dependent on the environment in which our businesses operate. a favorable business environment is generally characterized by, among other factors, high global gross domestic product growth, regulatory and market conditions which result in transparent, liquid and efficient capital markets, low inflation, high business and investor confidence, stable geopolitical conditions, clear regulations and strong business earnings. unfavorable or uncertain economic and market conditions can be caused by: concerns about sovereign defaults; uncertainty in u.s. federal fiscal or monetary policy, the u.s. federal debt ceiling and the continued funding of the u.s. government; the extent of and uncertainty about the timing and nature of regulatory reforms; declines in economic growth, business activity or investor or business confidence; limitations on the availability or increases in the cost of credit and capital; illiquid markets; increases in inflation, interest rates, exchange rate or basic commodity price volatility or default rates; outbreaks of hostilities or other geopolitical instability or uncertainty, such as brexit; corporate, political or other scandals that reduce investor confidence in capital markets; extreme weather events or other natural disasters or pandemics; or a combination of these or other factors.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries the financial services industry and the securities markets have been materially and adversely affected in the past by significant declines in the values of nearly all asset classes and by a serious lack of liquidity. in addition, concerns about european sovereign debt risk and its impact on the european banking system, about the impact of brexit, and about changes in interest rates and other market conditions or actual changes in interest rates and other market conditions, including market conditions in china, have resulted, at times, in significant volatility while negatively impacting the levels of client activity.
general uncertainty about economic, political and market activities, and the scope, timing and final implementation of regulatory reform, as well as weak consumer, investor and ceo confidence resulting in large part from such uncertainty, continues to negatively impact client activity, which adversely affects many of our businesses. periods of low volatility and periods of high volatility combined with a lack of liquidity, have at times had an unfavorable impact on our market-making businesses.
our revenues and profitability and those of our competitors have been and will continue to be impacted by requirements relating to capital, additional loss-absorbing capacity, leverage, minimum liquidity and long-term funding levels, requirements related to resolution and recovery planning, derivatives clearing and margin rules and levels of regulatory oversight, as well as limitations on which and, if permitted, how certain business activities may be carried out by financial institutions. although interest rates are at or near historically low levels, financial institution returns have also been negatively impacted by increased funding costs due in part to the withdrawal of perceived government support of such institutions in the event of future financial crises. in addition, liquidity in the financial markets has also been negatively impacted as market participants and market practices and structures adjust to new regulations.
the degree to which these and other changes resulting from the financial crisis will have a long-term impact on the profitability of financial institutions will depend on the final interpretation and implementation of new regulations, the manner in which markets, market participants and financial institutions adapt to the new landscape, and the prevailing economic and financial market conditions. however, there is a significant risk that such changes will, at least in the near term, continue to negatively impact the absolute level of revenues, profitability and return on equity at our firm and at other financial institutions.
our businesses and those of our clients are subject to extensive and pervasive regulation around the world.
as a participant in the financial services industry and a systemically important financial institution, we are subject to extensive regulation in jurisdictions around the world. we face the risk of significant intervention by regulatory and taxing authorities in all jurisdictions in which we conduct our businesses. in many cases, our activities may be subject to overlapping and divergent regulation in different jurisdictions. among other things, as a result of regulators or private parties challenging our compliance with existing laws and regulations, we could be fined, prohibited from engaging in some of our business activities, subject to limitations or conditions on our business activities, including higher capital requirements, or subjected to new or substantially higher taxes or other governmental charges in connection with the conduct of our businesses or with respect to our employees. such limitations or conditions may limit our business activities and negatively impact our profitability.
separate and apart from the impact on the scope and profitability of our business activities, day-to-day compliance with existing laws and regulations, in particular those laws and regulations adopted since 2008, has involved and will, except to the extent that some of such regulations are eventually modified or otherwise repealed, continue to involve significant amounts of time, including that of our senior leaders and that of an increasing number of dedicated compliance and other reporting and operational personnel, all of which may negatively impact our profitability.
if there are new laws or regulations or changes in the enforcement of existing laws or regulations applicable to our businesses or those of our clients, including capital, liquidity, leverage, long-term debt, total loss-absorbing capacity and margin requirements, restrictions on leveraged lending or other business practices, reporting requirements, requirements relating to recovery and resolution planning, tax burdens and compensation restrictions, that are imposed on a limited subset of financial institutions (either based on size, activities, geography or other criteria), compliance with these new laws or regulations, or changes in the enforcement of existing laws or regulations, could adversely affect our ability to compete effectively with other institutions that are not affected in the same way. in addition, regulation imposed on financial institutions or market participants generally, such as taxes on financial transactions, could adversely impact levels of market activity more broadly, and thus impact our businesses.
26   goldman sachs 2016 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries these developments could impact our profitability in the affected jurisdictions, or even make it uneconomic for us to continue to conduct all or certain of our businesses in such jurisdictions, or could cause us to incur significant costs associated with changing our business practices, restructuring our businesses, moving all or certain of our businesses and our employees to other locations or complying with applicable capital requirements, including liquidating assets or raising capital in a manner that adversely increases our funding costs or otherwise adversely affects our shareholders and creditors.
u.s. and non-u.s. regulatory developments, in particular the dodd-frank act and basel iii, have significantly altered the regulatory framework within which we operate and may adversely affect our competitive position and profitability.
among the aspects of the dodd-frank act that have affected or may in the future affect our businesses are: increased capital, liquidity and reporting requirements; limitations on activities in which we may engage; increased regulation of and restrictions on otc derivatives markets and transactions; limitations on incentive compensation; limitations on affiliate transactions; requirements to reorganize or limit activities in connection with recovery and resolution planning; increased deposit insurance assessments; and increased standards of care for broker-dealers and investment advisers in dealing with clients. the implementation of higher capital requirements, the lcr, the nsfr, requirements relating to long-term debt and total loss-absorbing capacity and the prohibition on proprietary trading and the sponsorship of, or investment in, covered funds by the volcker rule may adversely affect our profitability and competitive position, particularly if these requirements do not apply equally to our competitors or are not implemented uniformly across jurisdictions.
as described under “business — regulation — capital and liquidity requirements — payment of dividends and stock repurchases” in part i, item 1 of this form 10-k, group inc.’s proposed capital actions and capital plan are reviewed by the federal reserve board as part of the ccar process. if the federal reserve board objects to our proposed capital actions in our capital plan, group inc. could be prohibited from taking some or all of the proposed capital actions, including increasing or paying dividends on common or preferred stock or repurchasing common stock or other capital securities. our inability to carry out our proposed capital actions could, among other things, prevent us from returning capital to our shareholders and impact our return on equity.
we are also subject to laws and regulations relating to the privacy of the information of clients, employees or others, and any failure to comply with these regulations could expose us to liability and/or reputational damage. in addition, our businesses are increasingly subject to laws and regulations relating to surveillance, encryption and data on-shoring in the jurisdictions in which we operate. compliance with these laws and regulations may require us to change our policies, procedures and technology for information security, which could, among other things, make us more vulnerable to cyber attacks and misappropriation, corruption or loss of information or technology.
increasingly, regulators and courts have sought to hold financial institutions liable for the misconduct of their clients where such regulators and courts have determined that the financial institution should have detected that the client was engaged in wrongdoing, even though the financial institution had no direct knowledge of the activities engaged in by its client. regulators and courts have also increasingly found liability as a “control person” for activities of entities in which financial institutions or funds controlled by financial institutions have an investment, but which they do not actively manage. in addition, regulators and courts continue to seek to establish “fiduciary” obligations to counterparties to which no such duty had been assumed to exist. to the extent that such efforts are successful, the cost of, and liabilities associated with, engaging in brokerage, clearing, market-making, prime brokerage, investing and other similar activities could increase significantly. to the extent that we have fiduciary obligations in connection with acting as a financial adviser, investment adviser or in other roles for individual, institutional, sovereign or investment fund clients, any breach, or even an alleged breach, of such obligations could have materially negative legal, regulatory and reputational consequences.
for information about the extensive regulation to which our businesses are subject, see “business — regulation” in part i, item 1 of this form 10-k.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries our businesses have been and may be adversely affected by declining asset values. this is particularly true for those businesses in which we have net “long” positions, receive fees based on the value of assets managed, or receive or post collateral.
many of our businesses have net “long” positions in debt securities, loans, derivatives, mortgages, equities (including private equity and real estate) and most other asset classes. these include positions we take when we act as a principal to facilitate our clients’ activities, including our exchange-based market-making activities, or commit large amounts of capital to maintain positions in interest rate and credit products, as well as through our currencies, commodities, equities and mortgage-related activities. because substantially all of these investing, lending and market-making positions are marked-to-market on a daily basis, declines in asset values directly and immediately impact our earnings, unless we have effectively “hedged” our exposures to such declines.
in certain circumstances (particularly in the case of credit products, including leveraged loans, and private equities or other securities that are not freely tradable or lack established and liquid trading markets), it may not be possible or economic to hedge such exposures and to the extent that we do so the hedge may be ineffective or may greatly reduce our ability to profit from increases in the values of the assets. sudden declines and significant volatility in the prices of assets may substantially curtail or eliminate the trading markets for certain assets, which may make it difficult to sell, hedge or value such assets. the inability to sell or effectively hedge assets reduces our ability to limit losses in such positions and the difficulty in valuing assets may negatively affect our capital, liquidity or leverage ratios, increase our funding costs and generally require us to maintain additional capital.
in our exchange-based market-making activities, we are obligated by stock exchange rules to maintain an orderly market, including by purchasing securities in a declining market. in markets where asset values are declining and in volatile markets, this results in losses and an increased need for liquidity.
we receive asset-based management fees based on the value of our clients’ portfolios or investment in funds managed by us and, in some cases, we also receive incentive fees based on increases in the value of such investments. declines in asset values reduce the value of our clients’ portfolios or fund assets, which in turn reduce the fees we earn for managing such assets.
we post collateral to support our obligations and receive collateral to support the obligations of our clients and counterparties in connection with our client execution businesses. when the value of the assets posted as collateral or the credit ratings of the party posting collateral decline, the party posting the collateral may need to provide additional collateral or, if possible, reduce its trading position. an example of such a situation is a “margin call” in connection with a brokerage account. therefore, declines in the value of asset classes used as collateral mean that either the cost of funding positions is increased or the size of positions is decreased.
if we are the party providing collateral, this can increase our costs and reduce our profitability and if we are the party receiving collateral, this can also reduce our profitability by reducing the level of business done with our clients and counterparties. in addition, volatile or less liquid markets increase the difficulty of valuing assets which can lead to costly and time-consuming disputes over asset values and the level of required collateral, as well as increased credit risk to the recipient of the collateral due to delays in receiving adequate collateral. in cases where we foreclose on collateral, we have been, and may in the future be, subject to claims that the foreclosure was not permitted under the legal documents, was conducted in an improper manner or caused a client or counterparty to go out of business.
28   goldman sachs 2016 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries our businesses have been and may be adversely affected by disruptions in the credit markets, including reduced access to credit and higher costs of obtaining credit.
widening credit spreads, as well as significant declines in the availability of credit, have in the past adversely affected our ability to borrow on a secured and unsecured basis and may do so in the future. we fund ourselves on an unsecured basis by issuing long-term debt, by accepting deposits at our bank subsidiaries, by issuing hybrid financial instruments, or by obtaining bank loans or lines of credit. we seek to finance many of our assets on a secured basis. any disruptions in the credit markets may make it harder and more expensive to obtain funding for our businesses. if our available funding is limited or we are forced to fund our operations at a higher cost, these conditions may require us to curtail our business activities and increase our cost of funding, both of which could reduce our profitability, particularly in our businesses that involve investing, lending and market making.
our clients engaging in mergers and acquisitions often rely on access to the secured and unsecured credit markets to finance their transactions. a lack of available credit or an increased cost of credit can adversely affect the size, volume and timing of our clients’ merger and acquisition transactions, particularly large transactions, and adversely affect our financial advisory and underwriting businesses.
our credit businesses have been and may in the future be negatively affected by a lack of liquidity in credit markets. a lack of liquidity reduces price transparency, increases price volatility and decreases transaction volumes and size, all of which can increase transaction risk or decrease the profitability of such businesses.
our market-making activities have been and may be affected by changes in the levels of market volatility.
certain of our market-making activities depend on market volatility to provide trading and arbitrage opportunities to our clients, and decreases in volatility may reduce these opportunities and adversely affect the results of these activities. on the other hand, increased volatility, while it can increase trading volumes and spreads, also increases risk as measured by value-at-risk (var) and may expose us to increased risks in connection with our market-making activities or cause us to reduce our market-making inventory in order to avoid increasing our var. limiting the size of our market-making positions can adversely affect our profitability. in periods when volatility is increasing, but asset values are declining significantly, it may not be possible to sell assets at all or it may only be possible to do so at steep discounts. in such circumstances we may be forced to either take on additional risk or to realize losses in order to decrease our var. in addition, increases in volatility increase the level of our rwas, which increases our capital requirements.
our investment banking, client execution and investment management businesses have been adversely affected and may in the future be adversely affected by market uncertainty or lack of confidence among investors and ceos due to general declines in economic activity and other unfavorable economic, geopolitical or market conditions.
our investment banking business has been and may continue to be adversely affected by market conditions. poor economic conditions and other adverse geopolitical conditions can adversely affect and have in the past adversely affected investor and ceo confidence, resulting in significant industry-wide declines in the size and number of underwritings and of financial advisory transactions, which could have an adverse effect on our revenues and our profit margins. in particular, because a significant portion of our investment banking revenues is derived from our participation in large transactions, a decline in the number of large transactions would adversely affect our investment banking business.
in certain circumstances, market uncertainty or general declines in market or economic activity may affect our client execution businesses by decreasing levels of overall activity or by decreasing volatility, but at other times market uncertainty and even declining economic activity may result in higher trading volumes or higher spreads or both.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries market uncertainty, volatility and adverse economic conditions, as well as declines in asset values, may cause our clients to transfer their assets out of our funds or other products or their brokerage accounts and result in reduced net revenues, principally in our investment management business. to the extent that clients do not withdraw their funds, they may invest them in products that generate less fee income.
our investment management business may be affected by the poor investment performance of our investment products or a client preference for products other than those which we offer.
poor investment returns in our investment management business, due to either general market conditions or underperformance (relative to our competitors or to benchmarks) by funds or accounts that we manage or investment products that we design or sell, affects our ability to retain existing assets and to attract new clients or additional assets from existing clients. this could affect the management and incentive fees that we earn on assets under supervision or the commissions and net spreads that we earn for selling other investment products, such as structured notes or derivatives. to the extent that our clients choose to invest in products that we do not currently offer, we will suffer outflows and a loss of management fees.
we may incur losses as a result of ineffective risk management processes and strategies.
we seek to monitor and control our risk exposure through a risk and control framework encompassing a variety of separate but complementary financial, credit, operational, compliance and legal reporting systems, internal controls, management review processes and other mechanisms. our risk management process seeks to balance our ability to profit from market-making, investing or lending positions, and underwriting activities, with our exposure to potential losses. while we employ a broad and diversified set of risk monitoring and risk mitigation techniques, those techniques and the judgments that accompany their application cannot anticipate every economic and financial outcome or the specifics and timing of such outcomes. thus, we may, in the course of our activities, incur losses. market conditions in recent years have involved unprecedented dislocations and highlight the limitations inherent in using historical data to manage risk.
the models that we use to assess and control our risk exposures reflect assumptions about the degrees of correlation or lack thereof among prices of various asset classes or other market indicators. in times of market stress or other unforeseen circumstances, such as those that occurred during 2008 and early 2009, and to some extent since 2011, previously uncorrelated indicators may become correlated, or conversely previously correlated indicators may move in different directions. these types of market movements have at times limited the effectiveness of our hedging strategies and have caused us to incur significant losses, and they may do so in the future. these changes in correlation can be exacerbated where other market participants are using risk or trading models with assumptions or algorithms that are similar to ours. in these and other cases, it may be difficult to reduce our risk positions due to the activity of other market participants or widespread market dislocations, including circumstances where asset values are declining significantly or no market exists for certain assets.
in addition, the use of models in connection with risk management and numerous other critical activities presents risks that such models may be ineffective, either because of poor design or ineffective testing, improper or flawed inputs, as well as unpermitted access to such models resulting in unapproved or malicious changes to the model or its inputs.
to the extent that we have positions through our market-making or origination activities or we make investments directly through our investing activities, including private equity, that do not have an established liquid trading market or are otherwise subject to restrictions on sale or hedging, we may not be able to reduce our positions and therefore reduce our risk associated with such positions. in addition, to the extent permitted by applicable law and regulation, we invest our own capital in private equity, credit, real estate and hedge funds that we manage and limitations on our ability to withdraw some or all of our investments in these funds, whether for legal, reputational or other reasons, may make it more difficult for us to control the risk exposures relating to these investments.
prudent risk management, as well as regulatory restrictions, may cause us to limit our exposure to counterparties, geographic areas or markets, which may limit our business opportunities and increase the cost of our funding or hedging activities.
for further information about our risk management policies and procedures, see “management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations — risk management” in part ii, item 7 of this form 10-k.
30   goldman sachs 2016 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries our liquidity, profitability and businesses may be adversely affected by an inability to access the debt capital markets or to sell assets or by a reduction in our credit ratings or by an increase in our credit spreads.
liquidity is essential to our businesses. our liquidity may be impaired by an inability to access secured and/or unsecured debt markets, an inability to access funds from our subsidiaries or otherwise allocate liquidity optimally across our firm, an inability to sell assets or redeem our investments, or unforeseen outflows of cash or collateral. this situation may arise due to circumstances that we may be unable to control, such as a general market disruption or an operational problem that affects third parties or us, or even by the perception among market participants that we, or other market participants, are experiencing greater liquidity risk.
we employ structured products to benefit our clients and hedge our own risks. the financial instruments that we hold and the contracts to which we are a party are often complex, and these complex structured products often do not have readily available markets to access in times of liquidity stress. our investing and lending activities may lead to situations where the holdings from these activities represent a significant portion of specific markets, which could restrict liquidity for our positions.
further, our ability to sell assets may be impaired if there is not generally a liquid market for such assets, as well as in circumstances where other market participants are seeking to sell similar otherwise generally liquid assets at the same time, as is likely to occur in a liquidity or other market crisis or in response to changes to rules or regulations. for example, under the volcker rule, we are currently required to sell our interests in “illiquid funds” by july 2017. if our request for an extension is not granted, we will be required to sell such interests by july 2017 and we will likely receive significantly less than our carrying value for those assets. in addition, financial institutions with which we interact may exercise set-off rights or the right to require additional collateral, including in difficult market conditions, which could further impair our liquidity.
our credit ratings are important to our liquidity. a reduction in our credit ratings could adversely affect our liquidity and competitive position, increase our borrowing costs, limit our access to the capital markets or trigger our obligations under certain provisions in some of our trading and collateralized financing contracts. under these provisions, counterparties could be permitted to terminate contracts with us or require us to post additional collateral. termination of our trading and collateralized financing contracts could cause us to sustain losses and impair our liquidity by requiring us to find other sources of financing or to make significant cash payments or securities movements.
as of december 2016, in the event of a one-notch and two-notch downgrade of our credit ratings our counterparties could have called for additional collateral or termination payments related to our net derivative liabilities under bilateral agreements in an aggregate amount of $677 million and $2.22 billion, respectively. a downgrade by any one rating agency, depending on the agency’s relative ratings of us at the time of the downgrade, may have an impact which is comparable to the impact of a downgrade by all rating agencies. for further information about our credit ratings, see “management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations — risk management — liquidity risk management — credit ratings” in part ii, item 7 of this form 10-k.
our cost of obtaining long-term unsecured funding is directly related to our credit spreads (the amount in excess of the interest rate of u.s. treasury securities (or other benchmark securities) of the same maturity that we need to pay to our debt investors). increases in our credit spreads can significantly increase our cost of this funding. changes in credit spreads are continuous, market-driven, and subject at times to unpredictable and highly volatile movements. our credit spreads are also influenced by market perceptions of our creditworthiness. in addition, our credit spreads may be influenced by movements in the costs to purchasers of credit default swaps referenced to our long-term debt. the market for credit default swaps has proven to be extremely volatile and at times has lacked a high degree of transparency or liquidity.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries regulatory changes relating to liquidity may also negatively impact our results of operations and competitive position. recently, numerous regulations have been adopted or proposed, and additional regulations are under consideration, to introduce more stringent liquidity requirements for large financial institutions. these regulations and others being considered address, among other matters, liquidity stress testing, minimum liquidity requirements, wholesale funding, limitations on the issuance of short-term debt and structured notes and prohibitions on parent guarantees that are subject to cross-defaults. these may overlap with, and be impacted by, other regulatory changes, including new rules relating to minimum long-term debt requirements and tlac, guidance on the treatment of brokered deposits and the capital, leverage and resolution and recovery frameworks applicable to large financial institutions. given the overlap and complex interactions among these new and prospective regulations, they may have unintended cumulative effects, and their full impact will remain uncertain until implementation of post-financial crisis regulatory reform is complete.
a failure to appropriately identify and address potential conflicts of interest could adversely affect our businesses.
due to the broad scope of our businesses and our client base, we regularly address potential conflicts of interest, including situations where our services to a particular client or our own investments or other interests conflict, or are perceived to conflict, with the interests of another client, as well as situations where one or more of our businesses have access to material non-public information that may not be shared with other businesses within the firm and situations where we may be a creditor of an entity with which we also have an advisory or other relationship.
in addition, our status as a bank holding company subjects us to heightened regulation and increased regulatory scrutiny by the federal reserve board with respect to transactions between gs bank usa and entities that are or could be viewed as affiliates of ours and, under the volcker rule, transactions between goldman sachs and certain covered funds.
we have extensive procedures and controls that are designed to identify and address conflicts of interest, including those designed to prevent the improper sharing of information among our businesses. however, appropriately identifying and dealing with conflicts of interest is complex and difficult, and our reputation, which is one of our most important assets, could be damaged and the willingness of clients to enter into transactions with us may be affected if we fail, or appear to fail, to identify, disclose and deal appropriately with conflicts of interest. in addition, potential or perceived conflicts could give rise to litigation or regulatory enforcement actions.
a failure in our operational systems or infrastructure, or those of third parties, as well as human error, could impair our liquidity, disrupt our businesses, result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage our reputation and cause losses.
our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process and monitor, on a daily basis, a large number of transactions, many of which are highly complex and occur at high volumes and frequencies, across numerous and diverse markets in many currencies. these transactions, as well as the information technology services we provide to clients, often must adhere to client-specific guidelines, as well as legal and regulatory standards.
many rules and regulations worldwide govern our obligations to report transactions and other information to regulators, exchanges and investors. compliance with these legal and reporting requirements can be challenging, and the firm and other financial institutions have been subject to regulatory fines and penalties for failing to report timely, accurate and complete information. as reporting requirements expand, compliance with these rules and regulations has become more challenging.
as our client base and our geographical reach expand and the volume, speed, frequency and complexity of transactions, especially electronic transactions (as well as the requirements to report such transactions on a real-time basis to clients, regulators and exchanges) increase, developing and maintaining our operational systems and infrastructure becomes more challenging, and the risk of systems or human error in connection with such transactions increases, as well as the potential consequences of such errors due to the speed and volume of transactions involved and the potential difficulty associated with discovering such errors quickly enough to limit the resulting consequences.
32   goldman sachs 2016 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries our financial, accounting, data processing or other operational systems and facilities may fail to operate properly or become disabled as a result of events that are wholly or partially beyond our control, such as a spike in transaction volume, adversely affecting our ability to process these transactions or provide these services. we must continuously update these systems to support our operations and growth and to respond to changes in regulations and markets, and invest heavily in systemic controls and training to ensure that such transactions do not violate applicable rules and regulations or, due to errors in processing such transactions, adversely affect markets, our clients and counterparties or the firm.
systems enhancements and updates, as well as the requisite training, including in connection with the integration of new businesses, entail significant costs and create risks associated with implementing new systems and integrating them with existing ones.
notwithstanding the proliferation of technology and technology-based risk and control systems, our businesses ultimately rely on people as our greatest resource, and, from time-to-time, they make mistakes that are not always caught immediately by our technological processes or by our other procedures which are intended to prevent and detect such errors. these can include calculation errors, mistakes in addressing emails, errors in software or model development or implementation, or simple errors in judgment. we strive to eliminate such human errors through training, supervision, technology and by redundant processes and controls. human errors, even if promptly discovered and remediated, can result in material losses and liabilities for the firm.
in addition, we face the risk of operational failure, termination or capacity constraints of any of the clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses or other financial intermediaries we use to facilitate our securities and derivatives transactions, and as our interconnectivity with our clients grows, we increasingly face the risk of operational failure with respect to our clients’ systems.
in recent years, there has been significant consolidation among clearing agents, exchanges and clearing houses and an increasing number of derivative transactions are now or in the near future will be cleared on exchanges, which has increased our exposure to operational failure, termination or capacity constraints of the particular financial intermediaries that we use and could affect our ability to find adequate and cost-effective alternatives in the event of any such failure, termination or constraint. industry consolidation, whether among market participants or financial intermediaries, increases the risk of operational failure as disparate complex systems need to be integrated, often on an accelerated basis.
furthermore, the interconnectivity of multiple financial institutions with central agents, exchanges and clearing houses, and the increased centrality of these entities, increases the risk that an operational failure at one institution or entity may cause an industry-wide operational failure that could materially impact our ability to conduct business. any such failure, termination or constraint could adversely affect our ability to effect transactions, service our clients, manage our exposure to risk or expand our businesses or result in financial loss or liability to our clients, impairment of our liquidity, disruption of our businesses, regulatory intervention or reputational damage.
despite the resiliency plans and facilities we have in place, our ability to conduct business may be adversely impacted by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our businesses and the communities in which we are located. this may include a disruption involving electrical, satellite, undersea cable or other communications, internet, transportation or other services facilities used by us or third parties with which we conduct business, including cloud service providers. these disruptions may occur as a result of events that affect only our buildings or systems or those of such third parties, or as a result of events with a broader impact globally, regionally or in the cities where those buildings or systems are located, including, but not limited to, natural disasters, war, civil unrest, terrorism, economic or political developments, pandemics and weather events.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries nearly all of our employees in our primary locations, including the new york metropolitan area, london, bengaluru, hong kong, tokyo and salt lake city, work in close proximity to one another, in one or more buildings. notwithstanding our efforts to maintain business continuity, given that our headquarters and the largest concentration of our employees are in the new york metropolitan area, and our two principal office buildings in the new york area both are located on the waterfront of the hudson river, depending on the intensity and longevity of the event, a catastrophic event impacting our new york metropolitan area offices, including a terrorist attack, extreme weather event or other hostile or catastrophic event, could negatively affect our business. if a disruption occurs in one location and our employees in that location are unable to occupy our offices or communicate with or travel to other locations, our ability to service and interact with our clients may suffer, and we may not be able to successfully implement contingency plans that depend on communication or travel.
a failure to protect our computer systems, networks and information, and our clients’ information, against cyber attacks and similar threats could impair our ability to conduct our businesses, result in the disclosure, theft or destruction of confidential information, damage our reputation and cause losses.
our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems and networks. there have been several highly publicized cases involving financial services companies, consumer-based companies and other organizations reporting the unauthorized disclosure of client, customer or other confidential information in recent years, as well as cyber attacks involving the dissemination, theft and destruction of corporate information or other assets, as a result of failure to follow procedures by employees or contractors or as a result of actions by third parties, including actions by foreign governments. there have also been several highly publicized cases where hackers have requested “ransom” payments in exchange for not disclosing customer information.
we are regularly the target of attempted cyber attacks, including denial-of-service attacks, and must continuously monitor and develop our systems to protect our technology infrastructure and data from misappropriation or corruption. we may face an increasing number of attempted cyber attacks as we expand our mobile- and other internet-based products and services, as well as our usage of mobile and cloud technologies and as we provide more of these services to a greater number of retail clients. in addition, due to our interconnectivity with third-party vendors, central agents, exchanges, clearing houses and other financial institutions, we could be adversely impacted if any of them is subject to a successful cyber attack or other information security event.
despite our efforts to ensure the integrity of our systems and information, we may not be able to anticipate, detect or implement effective preventive measures against all cyber threats, especially because the techniques used are increasingly sophisticated, change frequently and are often not recognized until launched. cyber attacks can originate from a variety of sources, including third parties who are affiliated with foreign governments or are involved with organized crime or terrorist organizations. third parties may also attempt to place individuals within the firm or induce employees, clients or other users of our systems to disclose sensitive information or provide access to our data or that of our clients, and these types of risks may be difficult to detect or prevent.
although we take protective measures and endeavor to modify them as circumstances warrant, our computer systems, software and networks may be vulnerable to unauthorized access, misuse, computer viruses or other malicious code and other events that could have a security impact. due to the complexity and interconnectedness of our systems, the process of enhancing our protective measures can itself create a risk of systems disruptions and security issues.
if one or more of such events occur, this potentially could jeopardize our or our clients’ or counterparties’ confidential and other information processed and stored in, and transmitted through, our computer systems and networks, or otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions in our, our clients’, our counterparties’ or third parties’ operations, which could impact their ability to transact with us or otherwise result in significant losses or reputational damage.
34   goldman sachs 2016 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries the increased use of mobile and cloud technologies can heighten these and other operational risks. we expect to expend significant additional resources on an ongoing basis to modify our protective measures and to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures, but these measures may be ineffective and we may be subject to litigation and financial losses that are either not insured against or not fully covered through any insurance maintained by us. certain aspects of the security of such technologies are unpredictable or beyond our control, and the failure by mobile technology and cloud service providers to adequately safeguard their systems and prevent cyber attacks could disrupt our operations and result in misappropriation, corruption or loss of confidential and other information. in addition, there is a risk that encryption and other protective measures, despite their sophistication, may be defeated, particularly to the extent that new computing technologies vastly increase the speed and computing power available.
we routinely transmit and receive personal, confidential and proprietary information by email and other electronic means. we have discussed and worked with clients, vendors, service providers, counterparties and other third parties to develop secure transmission capabilities and protect against cyber attacks, but we do not have, and may be unable to put in place, secure capabilities with all of our clients, vendors, service providers, counterparties and other third parties and we may not be able to ensure that these third parties have appropriate controls in place to protect the confidentiality of the information. an interception, misuse or mishandling of personal, confidential or proprietary information being sent to or received from a client, vendor, service provider, counterparty or other third party could result in legal liability, regulatory action and reputational harm.
group inc. is a holding company and is dependent for liquidity on payments from its subsidiaries, many of which are subject to restrictions.
group inc. is a holding company and, therefore, depends on dividends, distributions and other payments from its subsidiaries to fund dividend payments and to fund all payments on its obligations, including debt obligations. many of our subsidiaries, including our broker-dealer and bank subsidiaries, are subject to laws that restrict dividend payments or authorize regulatory bodies to block or reduce the flow of funds from those subsidiaries to group inc.
in addition, our broker-dealer and bank subsidiaries are subject to restrictions on their ability to lend or transact with affiliates and to minimum regulatory capital and other requirements, as well as restrictions on their ability to use funds deposited with them in brokerage or bank accounts to fund their businesses. additional restrictions on related-party transactions, increased capital and liquidity requirements and additional limitations on the use of funds on deposit in bank or brokerage accounts, as well as lower earnings, can reduce the amount of funds available to meet the obligations of group inc., including under the federal reserve board’s source of strength policy, and even require group inc. to provide additional funding to such subsidiaries. restrictions or regulatory action of that kind could impede access to funds that group inc. needs to make payments on its obligations, including debt obligations, or dividend payments. in addition, group inc.’s right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary’s liquidation or reorganization is subject to the prior claims of the subsidiary’s creditors.
there has been a trend towards increased regulation and supervision of our subsidiaries by the governments and regulators in the countries in which those subsidiaries are located or do business. concerns about protecting clients and creditors of financial institutions that are controlled by persons or entities located outside of the country in which such entities are located or do business have caused or may cause a number of governments and regulators to take additional steps to “ring fence” or maintain internal total loss-absorbing capacity at such entities in order to protect clients and creditors of such entities in the event of financial difficulties involving such entities. the result has been and may continue to be additional limitations on our ability to efficiently move capital and liquidity among our affiliated entities, thereby increasing the overall level of capital and liquidity required by us on a consolidated basis.
furthermore, group inc. has guaranteed the payment obligations of certain of its subsidiaries, including gs&co. and gs bank usa, subject to certain exceptions. in addition, group inc. guarantees many of the obligations of its other consolidated subsidiaries on a transaction-by-transaction basis, as negotiated with counterparties. these guarantees may require group inc. to provide substantial funds or assets to its subsidiaries or their creditors or counterparties at a time when group inc. is in need of liquidity to fund its own obligations.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries the requirements for group inc. and gs bank usa to develop and submit recovery and resolution plans to regulators, and the incorporation of feedback received from regulators, may require us to increase capital or liquidity levels or issue additional long-term debt at group inc. or particular subsidiaries or otherwise incur additional or duplicative operational or other costs at multiple entities, and may reduce our ability to provide group inc. guarantees of the obligations of our subsidiaries or raise debt at group inc. resolution planning may also impair our ability to structure our intercompany and external activities in a manner that we may otherwise deem most operationally efficient. furthermore, arrangements to facilitate our resolution planning may cause us to be subject to additional taxes. any such limitations or requirements would be in addition to the legal and regulatory restrictions described above on our ability to engage in capital actions or make intercompany dividends or payments.
see “business — regulation” in part i, item 1 of this form 10-k for further information about regulatory restrictions.
the application of regulatory strategies and requirements in the u.s. and non-u.s. jurisdictions to facilitate the orderly resolution of large financial institutions could create greater risk of loss for group inc.’s security holders.
as described under “business — regulation — banking supervision and regulation — insolvency of an insured depository institution or a bank holding company,” if the fdic is appointed as receiver under ola, the rights of group inc.’s creditors would be determined under ola, and substantial differences exist in the rights of creditors between ola and the u.s. bankruptcy code, including the right of the fdic under ola to disregard the strict priority of creditor claims in some circumstances, which could have a material adverse effect on debtholders.
the fdic has announced that a single point of entry strategy may be a desirable strategy under ola to resolve a large financial institution such as group inc. in a manner that would, among other things, impose losses on shareholders, debtholders and other creditors of the top-tier holding company (in our case, group inc.), while the holding company’s subsidiaries may continue to operate. it is possible that the application of the single point of entry strategy under ola, in which group inc. would be the only legal entity to enter resolution proceedings (and its material broker-dealer, bank and other operating entities would not enter resolution proceedings), would result in greater losses to group inc.’s security holders (including holders of our fixed rate, floating rate and indexed debt securities), than the losses that would result from the application of a bankruptcy proceeding or a different resolution strategy, such as a multiple point of entry resolution strategy for group inc. and certain of its material subsidiaries.
assuming group inc. entered resolution proceedings and that support from group inc. to its subsidiaries was sufficient to enable the subsidiaries to remain solvent, losses at the subsidiary level would be transferred to group inc. and ultimately borne by group inc.’s security holders, third-party creditors of group inc.’s subsidiaries would receive full recoveries on their claims, and group inc.’s security holders (including our shareholders, debtholders and other unsecured creditors) could face significant losses. in that case, group inc.’s security holders would face losses while the third-party creditors of group inc.’s subsidiaries would incur no losses because the subsidiaries would continue to operate and would not enter resolution or bankruptcy proceedings. in addition, holders of group inc.’s eligible long-term debt and holders of group inc.’s other debt securities could face losses ahead of its other similarly situated creditors in a resolution under ola if the fdic exercised its right, described above, to disregard the strict priority of creditor claims.
ola also provides the fdic with authority to cause creditors and shareholders of the financial company such as group inc. in receivership to bear losses before taxpayers are exposed to such losses, and amounts owed to the u.s. government would generally receive a statutory payment priority over the claims of private creditors, including senior creditors.
36   goldman sachs 2016 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries in addition, under ola, claims of creditors (including debtholders) could be satisfied through the issuance of equity or other securities in a bridge entity to which group inc.’s assets are transferred. if such a securities-for-claims exchange were implemented, there can be no assurance that the value of the securities of the bridge entity would be sufficient to repay or satisfy all or any part of the creditor claims for which the securities were exchanged. while the fdic has issued regulations to implement ola, not all aspects of how the fdic might exercise this authority are known and additional rulemaking is likely.
in addition, certain jurisdictions, including the u.k. and the e.u., have implemented, or are considering, changes to resolution regimes to provide resolution authorities with the ability to recapitalize a failing entity by writing down its unsecured debt or converting its unsecured debt into equity. such “bail-in” powers are intended to enable the recapitalization of a failing institution by allocating losses to its shareholders and unsecured debtholders. u.s. and non-u.s. regulators are also considering requirements that certain subsidiaries of large financial institutions maintain minimum amounts of total loss-absorbing capacity that would pass losses up from the subsidiaries to the top-tier holding company and, ultimately, to security holders of the top-tier holding company in the event of failure.
the application of group inc.’s proposed resolution strategy could result in greater losses for group inc.’s security holders, and failure to address shortcomings in our resolution plan could subject us to increased regulatory requirements.
in our resolution plan, group inc. would be resolved under the u.s. bankruptcy code. the strategy described in our resolution plan is a variant of the single point of entry strategy: group inc. would recapitalize and provide liquidity to certain major subsidiaries, including through the forgiveness of intercompany indebtedness, the extension of the maturities of intercompany indebtedness and the extension of additional intercompany loans. if this strategy were successful, creditors of some or all of group inc.’s major subsidiaries would receive full recoveries on their claims, while group inc.’s security holders could face significant losses.
in that case, group inc.’s security holders could face losses while the third-party creditors of group inc.’s major subsidiaries would incur no losses because those subsidiaries would continue to operate and not enter resolution or bankruptcy proceedings. as part of the strategy, group inc. could also seek to elevate the priority of its guarantee obligations relating to its major subsidiaries’ derivatives contracts so that cross-default and early termination rights would be stayed under the isda protocol, which would result in holders of group inc.’s eligible long-term debt and holders of group inc.’s other debt securities incurring losses ahead of the beneficiaries of those guarantee obligations.
it is also possible that holders of group inc.’s eligible long-term debt and other debt securities could incur losses ahead of other similarly situated creditors. if group inc.’s proposed resolution strategy were not successful, group inc.’s financial condition would be adversely impacted and group inc.’s security holders, including debtholders, may as a consequence be in a worse position than if the strategy had not been implemented. in all cases, any payments to debtholders are dependent on our ability to make such payments and are therefore subject to our credit risk.
in april 2016, the federal reserve board and the fdic provided feedback on the 2015 resolution plans of eight systemically important domestic banking institutions and provided guidance related to the 2017 resolution plan submissions. while our plan was not jointly found to be deficient (i.e., non-credible or to not facilitate an orderly resolution under the u.s. bankruptcy code), the fdic identified certain deficiencies and both the fdic and federal reserve board also identified certain shortcomings. in response to the feedback received, in september 2016, we submitted a status report on our actions to address these shortcomings and a separate public section that explains these actions at a high level, which is available on our website as described under “available information” in part i, item 1 of this form 10-k.
our 2017 resolution plan, which is due by july 1, 2017, is also required to address the shortcomings and take into account the additional guidance. if it is determined that group inc. did not effectively address the shortcomings and additional guidance, the federal reserve board and the fdic could, after any permitted resubmission, find our resolution plan not credible and require us to hold more capital, change our business structure or dispose of businesses, which could have a negative impact on our ability to return capital to shareholders, financial condition, results of operations or competitive position.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries as a result of our recovery and resolution planning processes, including incorporating feedback from our regulators, we may incur increased operational, funding or other costs and face limitations on our ability to structure our internal organization or engage in internal or external activities in a manner that we may otherwise deem most operationally efficient.
our businesses, profitability and liquidity may be adversely affected by deterioration in the credit quality of, or defaults by, third parties who owe us money, securities or other assets or whose securities or obligations we hold.
we are exposed to the risk that third parties that owe us money, securities or other assets will not perform their obligations. these parties may default on their obligations to us due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons. a failure of a significant market participant, or even concerns about a default by such an institution, could lead to significant liquidity problems, losses or defaults by other institutions, which in turn could adversely affect us.
we are also subject to the risk that our rights against third parties may not be enforceable in all circumstances. in addition, deterioration in the credit quality of third parties whose securities or obligations we hold, including a deterioration in the value of collateral posted by third parties to secure their obligations to us under derivatives contracts and loan agreements, could result in losses and/or adversely affect our ability to rehypothecate or otherwise use those securities or obligations for liquidity purposes.
a significant downgrade in the credit ratings of our counterparties could also have a negative impact on our results. while in many cases we are permitted to require additional collateral from counterparties that experience financial difficulty, disputes may arise as to the amount of collateral we are entitled to receive and the value of pledged assets. the termination of contracts and the foreclosure on collateral may subject us to claims for the improper exercise of our rights. default rates, downgrades and disputes with counterparties as to the valuation of collateral increase significantly in times of market stress and illiquidity.
as part of our clearing and prime brokerage activities, we finance our clients’ positions, and we could be held responsible for the defaults or misconduct of our clients. although we regularly review credit exposures to specific clients and counterparties and to specific industries, countries and regions that we believe may present credit concerns, default risk may arise from events or circumstances that are difficult to detect or foresee.
concentration of risk increases the potential for significant losses in our market-making, underwriting, investing and lending activities.
concentration of risk increases the potential for significant losses in our market-making, underwriting, investing and lending activities. the number and size of such transactions may affect our results of operations in a given period. moreover, because of concentration of risk, we may suffer losses even when economic and market conditions are generally favorable for our competitors. disruptions in the credit markets can make it difficult to hedge these credit exposures effectively or economically. in addition, we extend large commitments as part of our credit origination activities.
rules adopted under the dodd-frank act require issuers of asset-backed securities and any person who organizes and initiates an asset-backed securities transaction to retain economic exposure to the asset, which is likely to significantly increase the cost to us of engaging in securitization activities. our inability to reduce our credit risk by selling, syndicating or securitizing these positions, including during periods of market stress, could negatively affect our results of operations due to a decrease in the fair value of the positions, including due to the insolvency or bankruptcy of the borrower, as well as the loss of revenues associated with selling such securities or loans.
in the ordinary course of business, we may be subject to a concentration of credit risk to a particular counterparty, borrower, issuer, including sovereign issuers, or geographic area or group of related countries, such as the e.u., and a failure or downgrade of, or default by, such entity could negatively impact our businesses, perhaps materially, and the systems by which we set limits and monitor the level of our credit exposure to individual entities, industries and countries may not function as we have anticipated. provisions of the dodd-frank act have led to increased centralization of trading activity through particular clearing houses, central agents or exchanges, which has significantly increased our concentration of risk with respect to these entities. while our activities expose us to many different industries, counterparties and countries, we routinely execute a high volume of transactions with counterparties engaged in financial services activities, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, clearing houses, exchanges and investment funds. this has resulted in significant credit concentration with respect to these counterparties.
38   goldman sachs 2016 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries the financial services industry is both highly competitive and interrelated.
the financial services industry and all of our businesses are intensely competitive, and we expect them to remain so. we compete on the basis of a number of factors, including transaction execution, our products and services, innovation, reputation, creditworthiness and price. there has been substantial consolidation and convergence among companies in the financial services industry. this consolidation and convergence has hastened the globalization of the securities and other financial services markets.
as a result, we have had to commit capital to support our international operations and to execute large global transactions. to the extent we expand into new business areas and new geographic regions, we will face competitors with more experience and more established relationships with clients, regulators and industry participants in the relevant market, which could adversely affect our ability to expand. governments and regulators have recently adopted regulations, imposed taxes, adopted compensation restrictions or otherwise put forward various proposals that have or may impact our ability to conduct certain of our businesses in a cost-effective manner or at all in certain or all jurisdictions, including proposals relating to restrictions on the type of activities in which financial institutions are permitted to engage. these or other similar rules, many of which do not apply to all our u.s. or non-u.s. competitors, could impact our ability to compete effectively.
pricing and other competitive pressures in our businesses have continued to increase, particularly in situations where some of our competitors may seek to increase market share by reducing prices. for example, in connection with investment banking and other assignments, we have experienced pressure to extend and price credit at levels that may not always fully compensate us for the risks we take.
the financial services industry is highly interrelated in that a significant volume of transactions occur among a limited number of members of that industry. many transactions are syndicated to other financial institutions and financial institutions are often counterparties in transactions. this has led to claims by other market participants and regulators that such institutions have colluded in order to manipulate markets or market prices, including allegations that antitrust laws have been violated. while we have extensive procedures and controls that are designed to identify and prevent such activities, allegations of such activities, particularly by regulators, can have a negative reputational impact and can subject us to large fines and settlements, and potentially significant penalties, including treble damages.
we face enhanced risks as new business initiatives lead us to transact with a broader array of clients and counterparties and expose us to new asset classes and new markets.
a number of our recent and planned business initiatives and expansions of existing businesses may bring us into contact, directly or indirectly, with individuals and entities that are not within our traditional client and counterparty base and expose us to new asset classes and new markets. for example, we continue to transact business and invest in new regions, including a wide range of emerging and growth markets. furthermore, in a number of our businesses, including where we make markets, invest and lend, we directly or indirectly own interests in, or otherwise become affiliated with the ownership and operation of public services, such as airports, toll roads and shipping ports, as well as physical commodities and commodities infrastructure components, both within and outside the u.s.
we have recently increased and intend to further increase our consumer-oriented deposit-taking and lending activities. to the extent we engage in such activities or similar consumer-oriented activities, we could face additional compliance, legal and regulatory risk, increased reputational risk and increased operational risk due to, among other things, higher transaction volumes and significantly increased retention and transmission of customer and client information.
new business initiatives expose us to new and enhanced risks, including risks associated with dealing with governmental entities, reputational concerns arising from dealing with less sophisticated clients, counterparties and investors, greater regulatory scrutiny of these activities, increased credit-related, market, sovereign and operational risks, risks arising from accidents or acts of terrorism, and reputational concerns with the manner in which these assets are being operated or held or in which we interact with these counterparties.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries derivative transactions and delayed settlements may expose us to unexpected risk and potential losses.
we are party to a large number of derivative transactions, including credit derivatives. many of these derivative instruments are individually negotiated and non-standardized, which can make exiting, transferring or settling positions difficult. many credit derivatives require that we deliver to the counterparty the underlying security, loan or other obligation in order to receive payment. in a number of cases, we do not hold the underlying security, loan or other obligation and may not be able to obtain the underlying security, loan or other obligation. this could cause us to forfeit the payments due to us under these contracts or result in settlement delays with the attendant credit and operational risk as well as increased costs to the firm.
derivative transactions may also involve the risk that documentation has not been properly executed, that executed agreements may not be enforceable against the counterparty, or that obligations under such agreements may not be able to be “netted” against other obligations with such counterparty. in addition, counterparties may claim that such transactions were not appropriate or authorized.
as a signatory to the isda protocol, we may not be able to exercise remedies against counterparties and, as this new regime has not yet been tested, we may suffer risks or losses that we would not have expected to suffer if we could immediately close out transactions upon a termination event. various u.s. and non-u.s. regulators have proposed or adopted implementing regulations contemplated by the isda protocol, and those implementing regulations may result in additional limitations on our ability to exercise remedies against counterparties. the isda protocol’s impact will depend on, among other things, how it is implemented and the development of market practice and structures under the implementing regulations.
derivative contracts and other transactions, including secondary bank loan purchases and sales, entered into with third parties are not always confirmed by the counterparties or settled on a timely basis. while the transaction remains unconfirmed or during any delay in settlement, we are subject to heightened credit and operational risk and in the event of a default may find it more difficult to enforce our rights.
in addition, as new complex derivative products are created, covering a wider array of underlying credit and other instruments, disputes about the terms of the underlying contracts could arise, which could impair our ability to effectively manage our risk exposures from these products and subject us to increased costs. the provisions of the dodd-frank act requiring central clearing of credit derivatives and other otc derivatives, or a market shift toward standardized derivatives, could reduce the risk associated with such transactions, but under certain circumstances could also limit our ability to develop derivatives that best suit the needs of our clients and to hedge our own risks, and could adversely affect our profitability and increase our credit exposure to such platform.
our businesses may be adversely affected if we are unable to hire and retain qualified employees.
our performance is largely dependent on the talents and efforts of highly skilled people; therefore, our continued ability to compete effectively in our businesses, to manage our businesses effectively and to expand into new businesses and geographic areas depends on our ability to attract new talented and diverse employees and to retain and motivate our existing employees. factors that affect our ability to attract and retain such employees include our compensation and benefits, and our reputation as a successful business with a culture of fairly hiring, training and promoting qualified employees. as a significant portion of the compensation that we pay to our employees is in the form of year-end discretionary compensation, a significant portion of which is in the form of deferred equity-related awards, declines in our profitability, or in the outlook for our future profitability, as well as regulatory limitations on compensation levels and terms, can negatively impact our ability to hire and retain highly qualified employees.
competition from within the financial services industry and from businesses outside the financial services industry for qualified employees has often been intense. recently, we have experienced increased competition in hiring and retaining employees to address the demands of new regulatory requirements. this is also the case in emerging and growth markets, where we are often competing for qualified employees with entities that have a significantly greater presence or more extensive experience in the region.
40   goldman sachs 2016 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries changes in law or regulation in jurisdictions in which our operations are located that affect taxes on our employees’ income, or the amount or composition of compensation, may also adversely affect our ability to hire and retain qualified employees in those jurisdictions.
as described further in “business — regulation —compensation practices” in part i, item 1 of this form 10-k, our compensation practices are subject to review by, and the standards of, the federal reserve board. as a large global financial and banking institution, we are subject to limitations on compensation practices (which may or may not affect our competitors) by the federal reserve board, the pra, the fca, the fdic and other regulators worldwide. these limitations, including any imposed by or as a result of future legislation or regulation, may require us to alter our compensation practices in ways that could adversely affect our ability to attract and retain talented employees.
we may be adversely affected by increased governmental and regulatory scrutiny or negative publicity.
governmental scrutiny from regulators, legislative bodies and law enforcement agencies with respect to matters relating to compensation, our business practices, our past actions and other matters has increased dramatically in the past several years. the financial crisis and the current political and public sentiment regarding financial institutions has resulted in a significant amount of adverse press coverage, as well as adverse statements or charges by regulators or other government officials. press coverage and other public statements that assert some form of wrongdoing (including, in some cases, press coverage and public statements that do not directly involve us) often result in some type of investigation by regulators, legislators and law enforcement officials or in lawsuits.
responding to these investigations and lawsuits, regardless of the ultimate outcome of the proceeding, is time-consuming and expensive and can divert the time and effort of our senior management from our business. penalties and fines sought by regulatory authorities have increased substantially over the last several years, and certain regulators have been more likely in recent years to commence enforcement actions or to advance or support legislation targeted at the financial services industry. adverse publicity, governmental scrutiny and legal and enforcement proceedings can also have a negative impact on our reputation and on the morale and performance of our employees, which could adversely affect our businesses and results of operations.
substantial legal liability or significant regulatory action against us could have material adverse financial effects or cause us significant reputational harm, which in turn could seriously harm our business prospects.
we face significant legal risks in our businesses, and the volume of claims and amount of damages and penalties claimed in litigation and regulatory proceedings against financial institutions remain high. see note 27 to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k for information about certain legal and regulatory proceedings and investigations in which we are involved and note 18 to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k for information regarding certain mortgage-related contingencies. our experience has been that legal claims by customers and clients increase in a market downturn and that employment-related claims increase following periods in which we have reduced our staff. additionally, governmental entities have been and are plaintiffs in certain of the legal proceedings in which we are involved, and we may face future actions or claims by the same or other governmental entities, as well as follow-on civil litigation that is often commenced after regulatory settlements.
recently, significant settlements by several large financial institutions, including, in some cases, us, with governmental entities have been publicly announced. the trend of large settlements with governmental entities may adversely affect the outcomes for other financial institutions in similar actions, especially where governmental officials have announced that the large settlements will be used as the basis or a template for other settlements. the uncertain regulatory enforcement environment makes it difficult to estimate probable losses, which can lead to substantial disparities between legal reserves and subsequent actual settlements or penalties.
certain enforcement authorities have recently required admissions of wrongdoing, and, in some cases, criminal pleas, as part of the resolutions of matters brought by them against financial institutions. any such resolution of a matter involving the firm could lead to increased exposure to civil litigation, could adversely affect our reputation, could result in penalties or limitations on our ability to do business in certain jurisdictions and could have other negative effects.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries in addition, the u.s. department of justice has announced a policy of requiring companies to provide investigators with all relevant facts relating to the individuals responsible for the alleged misconduct in order to qualify for any cooperation credit in civil and criminal investigations of corporate wrongdoing, which may result in our incurring increased fines and penalties if the department of justice determines that we have not provided sufficient information about applicable individuals in connection with an investigation, as well as increased costs in responding to department of justice investigations. it is possible that other governmental authorities will adopt similar policies.
the growth of electronic trading and the introduction of new trading technology may adversely affect our business and may increase competition.
technology is fundamental to our business and our industry. the growth of electronic trading and the introduction of new technologies is changing our businesses and presenting us with new challenges. securities, futures and options transactions are increasingly occurring electronically, both on our own systems and through other alternative trading systems, and it appears that the trend toward alternative trading systems will continue. some of these alternative trading systems compete with us, particularly our exchange-based market-making activities, and we may experience continued competitive pressures in these and other areas. in addition, the increased use by our clients of low-cost electronic trading systems and direct electronic access to trading markets could cause a reduction in commissions and spreads. as our clients increasingly use our systems to trade directly in the markets, we may incur liabilities as a result of their use of our order routing and execution infrastructure. we have invested significant resources into the development of electronic trading systems and expect to continue to do so, but there is no assurance that the revenues generated by these systems will yield an adequate return on our investment, particularly given the generally lower commissions arising from electronic trades.
our commodities activities, particularly our physical commodities activities, subject us to extensive regulation and involve certain potential risks, including environmental, reputational and other risks that may expose us to significant liabilities and costs.
as part of our commodities business, we purchase and sell certain physical commodities, arrange for their storage and transport, and engage in market making of commodities. the commodities involved in these activities may include crude oil, oil refined products, natural gas, liquefied natural gas, electric power, agricultural products, metals (base and precious), minerals (including unenriched uranium), emission credits, coal, freight and related products and indices.
in our investing and lending businesses, we make investments in and finance entities that engage in the production, storage and transportation of numerous commodities, including many of the commodities referenced above.
these activities subject us and/or the entities in which we invest to extensive and evolving federal, state and local energy, environmental, antitrust and other governmental laws and regulations worldwide, including environmental laws and regulations relating to, among others, air quality, water quality, waste management, transportation of hazardous substances, natural resources, site remediation and health and safety. additionally, rising climate change concerns may lead to additional regulation that could increase the operating costs and profitability of our investments.
there may be substantial costs in complying with current or future laws and regulations relating to our commodities-related activities and investments. compliance with these laws and regulations could require significant commitments of capital toward environmental monitoring, renovation of storage facilities or transport vessels, payment of emission fees and carbon or other taxes, and application for, and holding of, permits and licenses.
42   goldman sachs 2016 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries commodities involved in our intermediation activities and investments are also subject to the risk of unforeseen or catastrophic events, which are likely to be outside of our control, including those arising from the breakdown or failure of transport vessels, storage facilities or other equipment or processes or other mechanical malfunctions, fires, leaks, spills or release of hazardous substances, performance below expected levels of output or efficiency, terrorist attacks, extreme weather events or other natural disasters or other hostile or catastrophic events. in addition, we rely on third-party suppliers or service providers to perform their contractual obligations and any failure on their part, including the failure to obtain raw materials at reasonable prices or to safely transport or store commodities, could expose us to costs or losses. also, while we seek to insure against potential risks, we may not be able to obtain insurance to cover some of these risks and the insurance that we have may be inadequate to cover our losses.
the occurrence of any of such events may prevent us from performing under our agreements with clients, may impair our operations or financial results and may result in litigation, regulatory action, negative publicity or other reputational harm.
we may also be required to divest or discontinue certain of these activities for regulatory or legal reasons. for example, the federal reserve board recently proposed regulations that could impose significant additional capital requirements on certain commodity-related activities. if that occurs, we may receive a value that is less than the then carrying value, as we may be unable to exit these activities in an orderly transaction.
in conducting our businesses around the world, we are subject to political, economic, legal, operational and other risks that are inherent in operating in many countries.
in conducting our businesses and maintaining and supporting our global operations, we are subject to risks of possible nationalization, expropriation, price controls, capital controls, exchange controls and other restrictive governmental actions, as well as the outbreak of hostilities or acts of terrorism. for example, there has been significant conflict between russia and ukraine in recent years, and sanctions have been imposed by the u.s. and the e.u. on certain individuals and companies in russia. in many countries, the laws and regulations applicable to the securities and financial services industries and many of the transactions in which we are involved are uncertain and evolving, and it may be difficult for us to determine the exact requirements of local laws in every market. any determination by local regulators that we have not acted in compliance with the application of local laws in a particular market or our failure to develop effective working relationships with local regulators could have a significant and negative effect not only on our businesses in that market but also on our reputation generally. further, in some jurisdictions a failure to comply with laws and regulations may subject the firm and its personnel not only to civil actions but also criminal actions. we are also subject to the enhanced risk that transactions we structure might not be legally enforceable in all cases.
in june 2016, a referendum was passed for the u.k. to exit the e.u. (brexit). the exit of the u.k. from the e.u. will likely change the arrangements by which u.k. firms are able to provide services into the e.u., which may materially adversely affect the manner in which we operate certain of our businesses in europe and could require us to restructure certain of our operations. the outcome of the negotiations between the u.k. and the e.u. in connection with brexit is highly uncertain. such uncertainty has resulted in, and may continue to result in, market volatility and may negatively impact the confidence of investors and clients.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries our businesses and operations are increasingly expanding throughout the world, including in emerging and growth markets, and we expect this trend to continue. various emerging and growth market countries have experienced severe economic and financial disruptions, including significant devaluations of their currencies, defaults or threatened defaults on sovereign debt, capital and currency exchange controls, and low or negative growth rates in their economies, as well as military activity, civil unrest or acts of terrorism. the possible effects of any of these conditions include an adverse impact on our businesses and increased volatility in financial markets generally.
while business and other practices throughout the world differ, our principal legal entities are subject in their operations worldwide to rules and regulations relating to corrupt and illegal payments, hiring practices and money laundering, as well as laws relating to doing business with certain individuals, groups and countries, such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, the usa patriot act and u.k. bribery act. while we have invested and continue to invest significant resources in training and in compliance monitoring, the geographical diversity of our operations, employees, clients and customers, as well as the vendors and other third parties that we deal with, greatly increases the risk that we may be found in violation of such rules or regulations and any such violation could subject us to significant penalties or adversely affect our reputation.
in addition, there have been a number of highly publicized cases around the world, involving actual or alleged fraud or other misconduct by employees in the financial services industry in recent years, and we run the risk that employee misconduct could occur. this misconduct has included and may include in the future the theft of proprietary information, including proprietary software. it is not always possible to deter or prevent employee misconduct and the precautions we take to prevent and detect this activity have not been and may not be effective in all cases.
we may incur losses as a result of unforeseen or catastrophic events, including the emergence of a pandemic, terrorist attacks, extreme weather events or other natural disasters.
the occurrence of unforeseen or catastrophic events, including the emergence of a pandemic, such as the ebola or zika viruses, or other widespread health emergency (or concerns over the possibility of such an emergency), terrorist attacks, extreme terrestrial or solar weather events or other natural disasters, could create economic and financial disruptions, and could lead to operational difficulties (including travel limitations) that could impair our ability to manage our businesses.
item 7                                                                                            47
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations introduction                                                                                      47
executive overview                                                                                48
business environment                                                                              49
critical accounting policies                                                                      50
recent accounting developments                                                                    53
equity capital management and regulatory capital                                                  71
regulatory developments                                                                           77
risk management                                                                                   81
overview and structure of risk                                                                    82
management liquidity risk management                                                                         87
market risk management                                                                            94
credit risk management                                                                            99
operational risk management                                                                      105
model risk management                                                                            107
item 7a                                                                                          107
quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk goldman sachs 2016 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries index item 7. management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations introduction the goldman sachs group, inc. (group inc. or parent company), a delaware corporation, together with its consolidated subsidiaries (collectively, the firm), is a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm that provides a wide range of financial services to a substantial and diversified client base that includes corporations, financial institutions, governments and individuals. founded in 1869, the firm is headquartered in new york and maintains offices in all major financial centers around the world.
we report our activities in four business segments: investment banking, institutional client services, investing & lending and investment management. see “results of operations” below for further information about our business segments.
when we use the terms “goldman sachs,” “the firm,” “we,” “us” and “our,” we mean group inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries.
references to “this form 10-k” are to our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2016. references to “the 2015 form 10-k” are to our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2015. all references to “the consolidated financial statements” or “supplemental financial information” are to part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k. all references to 2016, 2015 and 2014 refer to our years ended, or the dates, as the context requires, december 31, 2016, december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014, respectively. any reference to a future year refers to a year ending on december 31 of that year. certain reclassifications have been made to previously reported amounts to conform to the current presentation.
in this discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations, we have included information that may constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the u.s. private securities litigation reform act of 1995. forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but instead represent only our beliefs regarding future events, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and outside our control. these statements include statements other than historical information or statements of current condition and may relate to our future plans and objectives and results, among other things, and may also include statements about the effect of changes to the capital, leverage, liquidity, long-term debt and total loss-absorbing capacity rules applicable to banks and bank holding companies, the impact of the u.s. dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act (dodd-frank act) on our businesses and operations, and various legal proceedings, governmental investigations or mortgage-related contingencies as set forth in notes 27 and 18, respectively, to the consolidated financial statements, as well as statements about the results of our dodd-frank act and firm stress tests, statements about the objectives and effectiveness of our business continuity plan, information security program, risk management and liquidity policies, statements about our resolution plan and resolution strategy and their implications for our debtholders and other stakeholders, statements about trends in or growth opportunities for our businesses, statements about our future status, activities or reporting under u.s. or non-u.s. banking and financial regulation, statements about the possible effects of the u.k. referendum vote to leave the european union (e.u.), and statements about our investment banking transaction backlog.
by identifying these statements for you in this manner, we are alerting you to the possibility that our actual results and financial condition may differ, possibly materially, from the anticipated results and financial condition indicated in these forward-looking statements. important factors that could cause our actual results and financial condition to differ from those indicated in these forward-looking statements include, among others, those described in “risk factors” in part i, item 1a of this form 10-k and “cautionary statement pursuant to the u.s. private securities litigation reform act of 1995” in part i, item 1 of this form 10-k.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis executive overview
2016 versus 2015. we generated net earnings of $7.40 billion and diluted earnings per common share of $16.29 for 2016, an increase of 22% and 34%, respectively, compared with $6.08 billion and $12.14 per share for 2015. return on average common shareholders’ equity (roe) was 9.4% for 2016, compared with 7.4% for 2015. book value per common share was $182.47 as of december 2016, 6.7% higher compared with the end of 2015.
net revenues were $30.61 billion for 2016, 9% lower than 2015, due to significantly lower net revenues in investing & lending and lower net revenues in investment banking, institutional client services and investment management. these results reflected the impact of a challenging operating environment during the first half of the year, particularly during the first quarter, although the environment improved during the second half of the year.
operating expenses were $20.30 billion for 2016, 19% lower than 2015, primarily due to significantly lower non-compensation expenses, primarily reflecting significantly lower net provisions for mortgage-related litigation and regulatory matters, as the prior year included provisions for the settlement agreement with the residential mortgage-backed securities working group of the u.s. financial fraud enforcement task force (rmbs working group), as well as lower market development expenses and professional fees, reflecting expense savings initiatives. compensation and benefits expenses were also lower, reflecting a decrease in net revenues and the impact of expense savings initiatives.
we continued to maintain strong capital ratios and liquidity, while returning $7.20 billion of capital to shareholders during 2016. during the year, we repurchased 36.6 million shares of our common stock for a total cost of $6.07 billion and paid common stock dividends of $1.13 billion. our common equity tier 1 ratio as calculated in accordance with the standardized approach and the basel iii advanced approach, in each case reflecting the applicable transitional provisions, was 14.5% and 13.1%, respectively, and our global core liquid assets were $226 billion, all as of december 2016. see note 20 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our capital ratios. see “risk management — liquidity risk management” below for further information about our global core liquid assets.
in the context of the challenging environment during the first half of 2016, we completed an initiative that identified areas where we can operate more efficiently, resulting in a reduction of approximately $900 million in annual run rate compensation. for 2016, net savings from this initiative, after severance and other related costs, were approximately $500 million.
2015 versus 2014. we generated net earnings of $6.08 billion and diluted earnings per common share of $12.14 for 2015, a decrease of 28% and 29%, respectively, compared with $8.48 billion and $17.07 per share for 2014. roe was 7.4% for 2015, compared with 11.2% for 2014. during 2015, we recorded provisions for the settlement agreement with the rmbs working group of $3.37 billion ($2.99 billion after-tax), which reduced diluted earnings per common share by $6.53 and roe by 3.8 percentage points. see note 27 to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of the 2015 form 10-k for further information.
book value per common share was $171.03 as of december 2015, 4.9% higher compared with the end of 2014. during 2015, we repurchased 22.1 million shares of our common stock for a total cost of $4.20 billion.
net revenues were $33.82 billion for 2015, 2% lower than 2014, as significantly lower net revenues in investing & lending were largely offset by higher net revenues in investment banking and slightly higher net revenues in investment management. net revenues in institutional client services were essentially unchanged compared with 2014.
operating expenses were $25.04 billion for 2015, 13% higher than 2014, due to significantly higher non-compensation expenses, primarily reflecting significantly higher net provisions for mortgage-related litigation and regulatory matters. compensation and benefits expenses were essentially unchanged compared with the prior year.
as of december 2015, our common equity tier 1 ratio as calculated in accordance with the standardized approach and the basel iii advanced approach, in each case reflecting the applicable transitional provisions, was 13.6% and 12.4%, respectively. in addition, our global core liquid assets were $199 billion as of december 2015.
48   goldman sachs 2016 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis business environment global during 2016, real gross domestic product (gdp) growth appeared to slow in advanced economies and appeared mixed in emerging market economies compared with 2015. in advanced economies, growth was lower in the u.s., the euro area, the u.k. and japan. in emerging markets, growth slowed in china and appeared to slow in india, while real gdp appeared to contract less in brazil and russia than in 2015. monetary policy divergence continued in 2016, as the u.s. federal reserve increased its target interest rate again, while monetary policy remained accommodative in europe and japan. in june, a referendum was passed for the u.k. to exit the e.u., and in november, the u.s. held its presidential election. the market reaction to the outcomes of both events was generally more positive than expectations. the price of crude oil (wti) increased by 45% in 2016 and, in the fourth quarter, opec members announced an agreement to reduce oil production. in investment banking, industry-wide mergers and acquisitions activity remained strong for 2016, but declined compared with the level of activity in 2015. industry-wide volumes in equity underwriting declined compared with a strong 2015, while industry-wide debt underwriting volumes increased compared with the prior year.
united states in the u.s., real gdp increased by 1.6% in 2016, compared with an increase of 2.6% in 2015, as growth in total fixed investment and consumer expenditures declined. measures of consumer confidence were mixed on average compared with the prior year, but increased significantly in the fourth quarter. the unemployment rate declined to 4.7% at the end of 2016, and labor market indicators suggest the u.s. economy is close to full employment. housing starts, sales, and prices increased compared with 2015, while measures of inflation also increased. the u.s. federal reserve raised its target rate for the federal funds rate at the december meeting to a range of 0.50% to 0.75%. the yield on the 10-year u.s. treasury note increased by 18 basis points during 2016 to 2.45%. in equity markets, the dow jones industrial average, the s&p 500 index and the nasdaq composite index increased by 13%, 10% and 8%, respectively, during 2016.
europe in the euro area, real gdp increased by 1.7% in 2016, compared with an increase of 1.9% in 2015. growth in consumer spending declined, while growth in fixed investment and government consumption increased. measures of inflation remained subdued, prompting the european central bank (ecb) to announce multiple easing measures in the first quarter, cutting the deposit rate by 10 basis points to (0.40)% and lowering the main refinancing operations rate by 5 basis points to 0.00%, as well as launching a new series of targeted longer-term refinancing operations, increasing the volume of monthly purchases of bonds, and adding investment grade, non-financial corporate bonds to the list of bonds purchased under its asset purchase program. in december, the ecb announced an extension of its asset purchase program through at least the end of 2017, although the pace of purchases will be lower. the euro depreciated by 3% against the u.s. dollar. in the u.k., real gdp increased by 1.8% in 2016, compared with an increase of 2.2% in 2015. following the passage of the u.k. referendum, the bank of england announced a monetary easing package comprised of a 25 basis points cut to the official bank rate, £70 billion of asset purchases, and a term funding scheme. the british pound depreciated by 16% against the u.s. dollar during 2016, reaching its lowest level against the u.s. dollar in over 30 years. yields on 10-year government bonds in the region generally decreased during the year. in equity markets, the ftse 100 index, dax index, cac 40 index and euro stoxx 50 index increased by 14%, 7%, 5% and 1%, respectively, during 2016.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis asia in japan, real gdp increased by 1.0% in 2016, compared with an increase of 1.2% in 2015. in 2016, the bank of japan introduced a negative interest rate policy during the first quarter and altered the framework for its quantitative and qualitative easing program during the third quarter, shifting from purchasing set quantities of assets to targeting a 0% yield on 10-year japanese government bonds. the yield on 10-year japanese government bonds declined into negative territory for most of the year, the u.s. dollar depreciated by 3% against the japanese yen and the nikkei 225 index ended the year essentially unchanged. in china, real gdp increased by 6.7% in 2016, compared with an increase of 6.9% in 2015. during 2016, the people’s bank of china announced cuts to its reserve requirement ratio. measures of inflation increased and the u.s. dollar appreciated by 7% against the chinese yuan. in equity markets, the shanghai composite index decreased by 12% during 2016, while the hang seng index ended the year essentially unchanged. in india, real gdp appeared to increase by 6.8% in 2016, compared with an increase of 7.2% in 2015, and the rate of inflation was essentially unchanged from 2015. the u.s. dollar appreciated by 3% against the indian rupee and the bse sensex index increased by 2% during 2016.
other markets in brazil, real gdp appeared to contract by 3.4% in 2016, compared with a contraction of 3.8% in 2015. the u.s. dollar depreciated by 18% against the brazilian real and the bovespa index increased by 39%. in russia, real gdp appeared to contract by 0.2% in 2016, compared with a contraction of 2.8% in 2015. the u.s. dollar depreciated by 16% against the russian ruble and the micex index increased by 27% during 2016.
critical accounting policies fair value fair value hierarchy. financial instruments owned, at fair value and financial instruments sold, but not yet purchased, at fair value (i.e., inventory), as well as certain other financial assets and financial liabilities, are reflected in our consolidated statements of financial condition at fair value (i.e., marked-to-market), with related gains or losses generally recognized in our consolidated statements of earnings. the use of fair value to measure financial instruments is fundamental to our risk management practices and is our most critical accounting policy.
the fair value of a financial instrument is the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. we measure certain financial assets and financial liabilities as a portfolio (i.e., based on its net exposure to market and/or credit risks). in determining fair value, the hierarchy under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (u.s. gaap) gives (i) the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities (level 1 inputs), (ii) the next priority to inputs other than level 1 inputs that are observable, either directly or indirectly (level 2 inputs), and (iii) the lowest priority to inputs that cannot be observed in market activity (level 3 inputs). in evaluating the significance of a valuation input, we consider, among other factors, a portfolio’s net risk exposure to that input. assets and liabilities are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to their fair value measurement.
the fair values for substantially all of our financial assets and financial liabilities are based on observable prices and inputs and are classified in levels 1 and 2 of the fair value hierarchy. certain level 2 and level 3 financial assets and financial liabilities may require appropriate valuation adjustments that a market participant would require to arrive at fair value for factors such as counterparty and our credit quality, funding risk, transfer restrictions, liquidity and bid/offer spreads.
50   goldman sachs 2016 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis instruments categorized within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy are those which require one or more significant inputs that are not observable. as of december 2016 and december 2015, level 3 financial assets represented 2.7% and 2.8%, respectively, of our total assets. see notes 5 through 8 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about level 3 financial assets, including changes in level 3 financial assets and related fair value measurements. absent evidence to the contrary, instruments classified within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy are initially valued at transaction price, which is considered to be the best initial estimate of fair value. subsequent to the transaction date, we use other methodologies to determine fair value, which vary based on the type of instrument. estimating the fair value of level 3 financial instruments requires judgments to be made. these judgments include:
•   determining the appropriate valuation methodology and/or model for each type of level 3 financial instrument;
•   determining model inputs based on an evaluation of all relevant empirical market data, including prices evidenced by market transactions, interest rates, credit spreads, volatilities and correlations; and
•   determining appropriate valuation adjustments, including those related to illiquidity or counterparty credit quality.
regardless of the methodology, valuation inputs and assumptions are only changed when corroborated by substantive evidence.
controls over valuation of financial instruments. market makers and investment professionals in our revenue-producing units are responsible for pricing our financial instruments. our control infrastructure is independent of the revenue-producing units and is fundamental to ensuring that all of our financial instruments are appropriately valued at market-clearing levels. in the event that there is a difference of opinion in situations where estimating the fair value of financial instruments requires judgment (e.g., calibration to market comparables or trade comparison, as described below), the final valuation decision is made by senior managers in control and support functions. this independent price verification is critical to ensuring that our financial instruments are properly valued.
price verification. all financial instruments at fair value in levels 1, 2 and 3 of the fair value hierarchy are subject to our independent price verification process. the objective of price verification is to have an informed and independent opinion with regard to the valuation of financial instruments under review. instruments that have one or more significant inputs which cannot be corroborated by external market data are classified within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. price verification strategies utilized by our independent control and support functions include:
•                     trade comparison. analysis of trade data (both internal and external where available) is used to determine the most relevant pricing inputs and valuations.
•                                                                                              external price comparison. valuations and prices are compared to pricing data obtained from third parties (e.g., brokers or dealers, markit, bloomberg, idc, trace). data obtained from various sources is compared to ensure consistency and validity. when broker or dealer quotations or third-party pricing vendors are used for valuation or price verification, greater priority is generally given to executable quotations.
•                    calibration to market comparables. market-based transactions are used to corroborate the valuation of positions with similar characteristics, risks and components.
•                                                             relative value analyses. market-based transactions are analyzed to determine the similarity, measured in terms of risk, liquidity and return, of one instrument relative to another or, for a given instrument, of one maturity relative to another.
•      collateral analyses. margin calls on derivatives are analyzed to determine implied values which are used to corroborate our valuations.
•                execution of trades. where appropriate, trading desks are instructed to execute trades in order to provide evidence of market-clearing levels.
•   backtesting. valuations are corroborated by comparison to values realized upon sales.
see notes 5 through 8 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about fair value measurements.
review of net revenues. independent control and support functions ensure adherence to our pricing policy through a combination of daily procedures, including the explanation and attribution of net revenues based on the underlying factors. through this process we independently validate net revenues, identify and resolve potential fair value or trade booking issues on a timely basis and seek to ensure that risks are being properly categorized and quantified.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis review of valuation models. our independent model risk management group (model risk management), consisting of quantitative professionals who are separate from model developers, performs an independent model review and validation process of our valuation models. new or changed models are reviewed and approved prior to being put into use. models are evaluated and re-approved annually to assess the impact of any changes in the product or market and any market developments in pricing theories. see “risk management — model risk management” for further information about the review and validation of our valuation models.
goodwill and identifiable intangible assets goodwill. goodwill is the cost of acquired companies in excess of the fair value of net assets, including identifiable intangible assets, at the acquisition date. goodwill is assessed for impairment annually in the fourth quarter or more frequently if events occur or circumstances change that indicate an impairment may exist, by first assessing qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. if the results of the qualitative assessment are not conclusive, a quantitative goodwill test is performed by comparing the estimated fair value of each reporting unit with its estimated net book value.
during the fourth quarter of 2016, we assessed goodwill for impairment using a qualitative assessment. the qualitative assessment required management to make judgments and to evaluate several factors, which included, but were not limited to, performance indicators, firm and industry events, macroeconomic indicators and fair value indicators. based on our evaluation of these factors, we determined that it was more likely than not that the fair value of each of the reporting units exceeded its respective carrying amount.
notwithstanding the results of the qualitative assessment, since the 2015 quantitative goodwill test determined that the estimated fair value of the fixed income, currency and commodities client execution reporting unit was not substantially in excess of its carrying value, we also performed a quantitative test on this reporting unit during the fourth quarter of 2016. in the quantitative test, the estimated fair value of the fixed income, currency and commodities client execution reporting unit substantially exceeded its carrying value.
therefore, we determined that goodwill for all reporting units was not impaired.
estimating the fair value of our reporting units requires management to make judgments. critical inputs to the fair value estimates include projected earnings and attributed equity. there is inherent uncertainty in the projected earnings. the net book value of each reporting unit reflects an allocation of total shareholders’ equity and represents the estimated amount of total shareholders’ equity required to support the activities of the reporting unit under currently applicable regulatory capital requirements. see “equity capital management and regulatory capital” for further information about our capital requirements.
if we experience a prolonged or severe period of weakness in the business environment or financial markets, or additional increases in capital requirements, our goodwill could be impaired in the future. in addition, significant changes to other inputs of the quantitative goodwill test could cause the estimated fair value of our reporting units to decline, which could result in an impairment of goodwill in the future.
see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our goodwill.
identifiable intangible assets. we amortize our identifiable intangible assets over their estimated useful lives generally using the straight-line method. identifiable intangible assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances suggest that an asset’s or asset group’s carrying value may not be fully recoverable.
a prolonged or severe period of market weakness, or significant changes in regulation, could adversely impact our businesses and impair the value of our identifiable intangible assets. in addition, certain events could indicate a potential impairment of our identifiable intangible assets, including weaker business performance resulting in a decrease in our customer base and decreases in revenues from customer contracts and relationships. management judgment is required to evaluate whether indications of potential impairment have occurred, and to test intangible assets for impairment if required.
an impairment, generally calculated as the difference between the estimated fair value and the carrying value of an asset or asset group, is recognized if the total of the estimated undiscounted cash flows relating to the asset or asset group is less than the corresponding carrying value.
see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our identifiable intangible assets.
52   goldman sachs 2016 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis recent accounting developments see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for information about recent accounting developments.
use of estimates the use of generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions. in addition to the estimates we make in connection with fair value measurements and the accounting for goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, the use of estimates and assumptions is also important in determining provisions for losses that may arise from litigation, regulatory proceedings (including governmental investigations) and tax audits, and the allowance for losses on loans and lending commitments held for investment.
we estimate and provide for potential losses that may arise out of litigation and regulatory proceedings to the extent that such losses are probable and can be reasonably estimated. in addition, we estimate the upper end of the range of reasonably possible aggregate loss in excess of the related reserves for litigation and regulatory proceedings where we believe the risk of loss is more than slight. see notes 18 and 27 to the consolidated financial statements for information about certain judicial, litigation and regulatory proceedings.
significant judgment is required in making these estimates and our final liabilities may ultimately be materially different. our total estimated liability in respect of litigation and regulatory proceedings is determined on a case-by-case basis and represents an estimate of probable losses after considering, among other factors, the progress of each case, proceeding or investigation, our experience and the experience of others in similar cases, proceedings or investigations, and the opinions and views of legal counsel.
in accounting for income taxes, we recognize tax positions in the financial statements only when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on examination by the relevant taxing authority based on the technical merits of the position. see note 24 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about accounting for income taxes.
we also estimate and record an allowance for credit losses related to our loans receivable and lending commitments held for investment. management’s estimate of loan losses entails judgment about loan collectability at the reporting dates, and there are uncertainties inherent in those judgments. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about the allowance for losses on loans and lending commitments held for investment.
results of operations the composition of our net revenues has varied over time as financial markets and the scope of our operations have changed. the composition of net revenues can also vary over the shorter term due to fluctuations in u.s. and global economic and market conditions. see “risk factors” in part i, item 1a of this form 10-k for further information about the impact of economic and market conditions on our results of operations.
financial overview the table below presents an overview of our financial results and selected financial ratios.
return on average common shareholders’ equity            9.4%                   7.4%                  11.2%
net earnings to average assets                           0.8%                   0.7%                   0.9%
return on average total shareholders’ equity             8.5%                   7.0%                  10.5%
total average equity to average assets                   9.8%                   9.9%                   9.0%
•                                                    net earnings applicable to common shareholders for 2016 includes a benefit of $266 million, reflected in preferred stock dividends, related to the exchange of apex for shares of series e and series f preferred stock during 2016. see note 19 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
•   roe is calculated by dividing net earnings applicable to common shareholders by average monthly common shareholders’ equity. the table below presents our average common shareholders’ equity.
average for the year ended december
total shareholders’ equity         $ 86,658                $ 86,314                $80,839
common shareholders’ equity        $ 75,354                $ 75,729                $72,254
•   return on average total shareholders’ equity is calculated by dividing net earnings by average monthly total shareholders’ equity.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis net revenues the table below presents our net revenues by line item in the consolidated statements of earnings.
investment banking                  $ 6,273                $ 7,027                $ 6,464
investment management                 5,407                  5,868                  5,748
market making                         9,933                  9,523                  8,365
other principal transactions          3,200                  5,018                  6,588
•                        investment banking is comprised of revenues (excluding net interest) from financial advisory and underwriting assignments, as well as derivative transactions directly related to these assignments. these activities are included in our investment banking segment.
•                                                          investment management is comprised of revenues (excluding net interest) from providing investment management services to a diverse set of clients, as well as wealth advisory services and certain transaction services to high-net-worth individuals and families. these activities are included in our investment management segment.
•                                            commissions and fees is comprised of revenues from executing and clearing client transactions on major stock, options and futures exchanges worldwide, as well as over-the-counter (otc) transactions. these activities are included in our institutional client services and investment management segments.
•                                            market making is comprised of revenues (excluding net interest) from client execution activities related to making markets in interest rate products, credit products, mortgages, currencies, commodities and equity products. these activities are included in our institutional client services segment.
•                                                                 other principal transactions is comprised of revenues (excluding net interest) from our investing activities and the origination of loans to provide financing to clients. in addition, other principal transactions includes revenues related to our consolidated investments. these activities are included in our investing &amp; lending segment.
operating environment. during the first quarter of 2016, our business activities were negatively impacted by challenging trends in the operating environment, including concerns and uncertainties about global economic growth and central bank activity as well as higher levels of volatility, all of which contributed to significant price pressure at the beginning of the year across both equity and fixed income markets. these factors negatively impacted investor conviction and risk appetite for market-making activities, and industry-wide equity underwriting and mergers and acquisitions activity for investment banking activities. results in other principal transactions also reflected the impact of these difficult market and economic conditions. at the start of the second quarter of 2016, concerns about global economic growth moderated and conditions improved in many businesses, including a rebound in investment banking activities and improved results in other principal transactions. however, later in the second quarter, the market became increasingly focused on the political uncertainty and economic implications surrounding the potential exit of the u.k. from the e.u., impacting market-making activities.
the operating environment improved during the second half of 2016, as global equity markets steadily increased and credit spreads tightened, providing a more favorable backdrop for our business activities. for investment management activities, our assets under supervision continued to increase during 2016. the mix of our average assets under supervision shifted slightly compared with 2015 from long-term assets under supervision to liquidity products.
if the trend of macroeconomic concerns continues over the long term, and market-making activity levels, investment banking activity levels, or assets under supervision decline or if investors continue the trend of favoring assets under supervision that typically generate lower fees, net revenues would likely be negatively impacted. see “segment operating results” below for further information about the operating environment and material trends and uncertainties that may impact our results of operations.
during 2015, the operating environment for market-making activities was positively impacted by diverging central bank monetary policies in the u.s. and the euro area in the first quarter, as increased volatility levels contributed to strong client activity levels in currencies, interest rate products and equity products. however, during the remainder of 2015, concerns about global growth and uncertainty about the u.s. federal reserve’s interest rate policy, along with lower global equity prices, widening high-yield credit spreads and declining commodity prices, contributed to lower levels of client activity, particularly in mortgages and credit, and more difficult market-making conditions.
54   goldman sachs 2016 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis the operating environment for investment banking activities for 2015 reflected strong industry-wide mergers and acquisitions activity. in addition, investment management reflected an environment generally characterized by strong client net inflows, which more than offset the declines in equity and fixed income asset prices. although other principal transactions for 2015 benefited from favorable company-specific events, including sales, initial public offerings and financings, a decline in global equity prices and widening high-yield credit spreads during the second half of 2015 impacted results.
net revenues in the consolidated statements of earnings were $30.61 billion for 2016, 9% lower than 2015, reflecting the impact of a challenging operating environment during the first half of the year, particularly during the first quarter, although the environment improved during the second half of the year. the decrease in net revenues was primarily due to significantly lower other principal transactions revenues and lower investment banking revenues, net interest income and investment management revenues. in addition, commissions and fees were slightly lower. these results were partially offset by slightly higher market-making revenues.
non-interest revenues. investment banking revenues in the consolidated statements of earnings were $6.27 billion for 2016, 11% lower compared with a strong 2015. revenues in financial advisory were lower compared with a strong 2015, reflecting a decrease in industry-wide transactions. revenues in underwriting were lower compared with a strong 2015, due to significantly lower revenues in equity underwriting, reflecting a decrease in industry-wide volumes. revenues in debt underwriting were significantly higher, reflecting significantly higher revenues from asset-backed activity and higher revenues from leveraged finance activity.
investment management revenues in the consolidated statements of earnings were $5.41 billion for 2016, 8% lower than 2015, primarily reflecting significantly lower incentive fees compared with a strong 2015. in addition, management and other fees were slightly lower, reflecting shifts in the mix of client assets and strategies, partially offset by the impact of higher average assets under supervision.
commissions and fees in the consolidated statements of earnings were $3.21 billion for 2016, 3% lower than 2015, reflecting lower listed cash equity volumes in asia and europe, consistent with market volumes in these regions.
market-making revenues in the consolidated statements of earnings were $9.93 billion for 2016, 4% higher than 2015, due to significantly higher revenues in interest rate products and credit products. these results were partially offset by significantly lower revenues in equity cash products and lower revenues in currencies, mortgages, equity derivative products and commodities.
other principal transactions revenues in the consolidated statements of earnings were $3.20 billion for 2016, 36% lower than 2015, primarily due to significantly lower revenues from investments in equities, primarily reflecting a significant decrease in net gains from private equities, driven by company-specific events and corporate performance. in addition, revenues in debt securities and loans were significantly lower compared with 2015, reflecting significantly lower revenues related to relationship lending activities, due to the impact of changes in credit spreads on economic hedges. losses related to these hedges were $596 million in 2016, compared with gains of $329 million in 2015. this decrease was partially offset by higher net gains from investments in debt instruments. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about economic hedges related to our relationship lending activities.
net interest income. net interest income in the consolidated statements of earnings was $2.59 billion for 2016, 16% lower than 2015, reflecting an increase in interest expense primarily due to the impact of higher interest rates on other interest-bearing liabilities, interest-bearing deposits and collateralized financings, and increases in total average long-term borrowings and total average interest-bearing deposits. the increase in interest expense was partially offset by higher interest income related to collateralized agreements, reflecting the impact of higher interest rates, and loans receivable, reflecting an increase in total average balances and the impact of higher interest rates. see “statistical disclosures — distribution of assets, liabilities and shareholders’ equity” for further information about our sources of net interest income.
net revenues in the consolidated statements of earnings were $33.82 billion for 2015, 2% lower than 2014, reflecting significantly lower other principal transactions revenues and net interest income, largely offset by higher market-making revenues and investment banking revenues, as well as slightly higher investment management revenues. commissions and fees were essentially unchanged compared with 2014.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis non-interest revenues. investment banking revenues in the consolidated statements of earnings were $7.03 billion for 2015, 9% higher than 2014, due to significantly higher revenues in financial advisory, reflecting strong client activity, particularly in the u.s. industry-wide completed mergers and acquisitions increased significantly compared with the prior year. revenues in underwriting were lower compared with a strong 2014. revenues in debt underwriting were lower compared with 2014, reflecting significantly lower leveraged finance activity. revenues in equity underwriting were also lower, reflecting significantly lower revenues from initial public offerings and convertible offerings, partially offset by significantly higher revenues from secondary offerings.
investment management revenues in the consolidated statements of earnings were $5.87 billion for 2015, 2% higher than 2014, due to slightly higher management and other fees, primarily reflecting higher average assets under supervision, and higher transaction revenues.
commissions and fees in the consolidated statements of earnings were $3.32 billion for 2015, essentially unchanged compared with 2014.
market-making revenues in the consolidated statements of earnings were $9.52 billion for 2015, 14% higher than 2014. excluding a gain of $289 million in 2014 related to the extinguishment of certain of our junior subordinated debt, market-making revenues were 18% higher than 2014, reflecting significantly higher revenues in interest rate products, currencies, equity cash products and equity derivatives. these increases were partially offset by significantly lower revenues in mortgages, commodities and credit products.
other principal transactions revenues in the consolidated statements of earnings were $5.02 billion for 2015, 24% lower than 2014. this decrease was primarily due to lower revenues from investments in equities, principally reflecting the sale of metro international trade services (metro) in the fourth quarter of 2014 and lower net gains from investments in private equities, driven by corporate performance. in addition, revenues in debt securities and loans were significantly lower, reflecting lower net gains from investments.
net interest income. net interest income in the consolidated statements of earnings was $3.06 billion for 2015, 24% lower than 2014. the decrease compared with 2014 was due to lower interest income resulting from a reduction in interest income related to financial instruments owned, at fair value, partially offset by the impact of an increase in total average loans receivable. the decrease in interest income was partially offset by a decrease in interest expense, which primarily reflected lower interest expense related to financial instruments sold, but not yet purchased, at fair value and other interest-bearing liabilities, partially offset by higher interest expense related to long-term borrowings. see “supplemental financial information — statistical disclosures — distribution of assets, liabilities and shareholders’ equity” for further information about our sources of net interest income.
operating expenses our operating expenses are primarily influenced by compensation, headcount and levels of business activity. compensation and benefits includes salaries, discretionary compensation, amortization of equity awards and other items such as benefits. discretionary compensation is significantly impacted by, among other factors, the level of net revenues, overall financial performance, prevailing labor markets, business mix, the structure of our share-based compensation programs and the external environment. in addition, see “use of estimates” for additional information about expenses that may arise from litigation and regulatory proceedings.
in the context of the challenging environment during the first half of 2016, we completed an initiative that identified areas where we can operate more efficiently, resulting in a reduction of approximately $900 million in annual run rate compensation. for 2016, net savings from this initiative, after severance and other related costs, were approximately $500 million.
compensation and benefits                $11,647                $12,678                $12,691
brokerage, clearing, exchange and          2,555                  2,576                  2,501
distribution fees market development                           457                    557                    549
communications and technology                809                    806                    779
56   goldman sachs 2016 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis in the table above, other expenses for 2015 includes provisions of $3.37 billion recorded for the settlement agreement with the rmbs working group. see note 27 to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of the 2015 form 10-k for further information.
2016 versus 2015. operating expenses in the consolidated statements of earnings were $20.30 billion for 2016, 19% lower than 2015. compensation and benefits expenses in the consolidated statements of earnings were $11.65 billion for 2016, 8% lower than 2015, reflecting a decrease in net revenues and the impact of expense savings initiatives. the ratio of compensation and benefits to net revenues for 2016 was 38.1% compared with 37.5% for 2015. total staff decreased 7% during 2016, due to expense savings initiatives.
non-compensation expenses in the consolidated statements of earnings were $8.66 billion for 2016, 30% lower than 2015, primarily due to significantly lower net provisions for mortgage-related litigation and regulatory matters, which are included in other expenses. in addition, market development expenses and professional fees were lower compared with 2015, reflecting expense savings initiatives. net provisions for litigation and regulatory proceedings for 2016 were $396 million compared with $4.01 billion for 2015 (2015 primarily related to net provisions for mortgage-related matters). 2016 included a $114 million charitable contribution to goldman sachs gives, our donor-advised fund. compensation was reduced to fund this charitable contribution to goldman sachs gives. we ask our participating managing directors to make recommendations regarding potential charitable recipients for this contribution.
2015 versus 2014. operating expenses in the consolidated statements of earnings were $25.04 billion for 2015, 13% higher than 2014. compensation and benefits expenses in the consolidated statements of earnings were $12.68 billion for 2015, essentially unchanged compared with 2014. the ratio of compensation and benefits to net revenues for 2015 was 37.5% compared with 36.8% for 2014. total staff increased 8% during 2015, primarily due to activity levels in certain businesses and continued investment in regulatory compliance.
non-compensation expenses in the consolidated statements of earnings were $12.36 billion for 2015, 30% higher than 2014, due to significantly higher net provisions for mortgage-related litigation and regulatory matters, which are included in other expenses. this increase was partially offset by lower depreciation and amortization expenses, primarily reflecting lower impairment charges related to consolidated investments, and a reduction in expenses related to the sale of metro in the fourth quarter of 2014. net provisions for litigation and regulatory proceedings for 2015 were $4.01 billion compared with $754 million for 2014 (both primarily comprised of net provisions for mortgage-related matters). 2015 included a $148 million charitable contribution to goldman sachs gives, our donor-advised fund. compensation was reduced to fund this charitable contribution to goldman sachs gives. we ask our participating managing directors to make recommendations regarding potential charitable recipients for this contribution.
provision for taxes the effective income tax rate for 2016 was 28.2%, down from 30.7% for 2015. the decline compared with 2015 was primarily due to the impact of non-deductible provisions for mortgage-related litigation and regulatory matters in 2015, partially offset by the impact of changes in tax law on deferred tax assets, the mix of earnings and an increase related to higher enacted tax rates impacting certain of our u.k. subsidiaries in 2016.
the effective income tax rate for 2015 was 30.7%, down from 31.4% for 2014. the decline compared with 2014 reflected reductions related to a change in the mix of earnings, the impact of changes in tax law on deferred tax assets, settlements of tax audits and the determination that certain non-u.s. earnings would be permanently reinvested abroad, and an increase related to the impact of non-deductible provisions for mortgage-related litigation and regulatory matters.
in september 2016, the u.k. government enacted a budget that will reduce the corporate income tax base rate by 1 percentage point effective april 1, 2020. during 2016, we remeasured deferred income tax assets accordingly. this change did not have a material impact on our effective tax rate for the year ended december 2016, and we do not expect it to have a material impact on our future effective tax rate.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis in october 2016, the u.s. department of the treasury issued rules under section 385 of the internal revenue code that could, in some circumstances, re-characterize debt as equity for u.s. federal income tax purposes. the rules contain exclusions applicable to, among other things, debt instruments issued by regulated financial companies, non-u.s. subsidiaries, certain u.s. subsidiaries where the holder of the debt instrument is included in a consolidated u.s. tax return, and ordinary business transactions. the rules also contain exclusions applicable to members of a regulated financial group other than subsidiaries held under the merchant banking authority, grandfathered commodities, or complementary activities under the bank holding company act of 1956. these exceptions would exclude from re-characterization substantially all debt instruments issued by us. we do not expect these rules to have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations, effective income tax rate or cash flows.
investment banking net revenues                    $ 6,273                $ 7,027                $ 6,464
institutional client services net revenues                    $14,467                $15,151                $15,197
investment management net revenues                    $ 5,788                $ 6,206                $ 6,042
•                                          operating expenses includes provisions of $3.37 billion recorded in institutional client services during
2015 for the settlement agreement with the rmbs working group. see note 27 to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of the 2015 form 10-k for further information.
•   all operating expenses have been allocated to our segments except for charitable contributions of
$114 million for 2016, $148 million for 2015 and $137 million for 2014.
net revenues in our segments include allocations of interest income and interest expense to specific securities, commodities and other positions in relation to the cash generated by, or funding requirements of, such underlying positions. see note 25 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our business segments.
our cost drivers taken as a whole, compensation, headcount and levels of business activity, are broadly similar in each of our business segments. compensation and benefits expenses within our segments reflect, among other factors, our overall performance, as well as the performance of individual businesses. consequently, pre-tax margins in one segment of our business may be significantly affected by the performance of our other business segments. a description of segment operating results follows.
investment banking our investment banking segment is comprised of:
financial advisory. includes strategic advisory assignments with respect to mergers and acquisitions, divestitures, corporate defense activities, restructurings, spin-offs, risk management and derivative transactions directly related to these client advisory assignments.
underwriting. includes public offerings and private placements, including local and cross-border transactions and acquisition financing, of a wide range of securities and other financial instruments, including loans, and derivative transactions directly related to these client underwriting activities.
the table below presents the operating results of our investment banking segment.
financial advisory         $2,932                $3,470                $2,474
equity underwriting           891                 1,546                 1,750
debt underwriting           2,450                 2,011                 2,240
total underwriting          3,341                 3,557                 3,990
the table below presents our financial advisory and underwriting transaction volumes (source: thomson reuters).
announced mergers and acquisitions         $ 994                $1,472                $ 934
completed mergers and acquisitions         1,170                 1,109                  665
equity and equity-related offerings           47                    72                   78
58   goldman sachs 2016 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis in the table above:
•                                                                         announced and completed mergers and acquisitions volumes are based on full credit to each of the advisors in a transaction. equity and equity-related offerings and debt offerings are based on full credit for single book managers and equal credit for joint book managers. transaction volumes may not be indicative of net revenues in a given period. in addition, transaction volumes for prior periods may vary from amounts previously reported due to the subsequent withdrawal or a change in the value of a transaction.
•   equity and equity-related offerings includes rule 144a and public common stock offerings, convertible offerings and rights offerings.
•   debt offerings includes non-convertible preferred stock, mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities and taxable municipal debt. includes publicly registered and rule 144a issues. excludes leveraged loans.
operating environment. in mergers and acquisitions, industry-wide completed activity remained strong for 2016 and industry-wide announced activity continued to be robust for most of the year, but both declined for the industry compared with the level of activity during 2015. in underwriting, industry-wide equity underwriting volumes decreased significantly compared with 2015, due to a continued weak backdrop for new issuances. this compares with strong activity levels in 2015, which benefited from favorable equity market conditions during the first half of the year. industry-wide debt underwriting volumes during 2016 increased compared with 2015. in the future, if industry-wide activity levels in mergers and acquisitions or equity underwriting continue the downward trend or if industry-wide activity levels in debt underwriting decline, net revenues in investment banking would likely continue to be negatively impacted.
during 2015, investment banking operated in an environment characterized by strong industry-wide mergers and acquisitions activity. industry-wide activity in both debt and equity underwriting declined compared with 2014.
2016 versus 2015. net revenues in investment banking were $6.27 billion for 2016, 11% lower compared with a strong 2015.
net revenues in financial advisory were $2.93 billion, 16% lower compared with a strong 2015, reflecting a decrease in industry-wide transactions. net revenues in underwriting were $3.34 billion, 6% lower compared with a strong 2015, due to significantly lower net revenues in equity underwriting, reflecting a decrease in industry-wide volumes. net revenues in debt underwriting were significantly higher, reflecting significantly higher net revenues from asset-backed activity and higher net revenues from leveraged finance activity.
operating expenses were $3.44 billion for 2016, 7% lower than 2015, due to decreased compensation and benefits expenses, reflecting lower net revenues. pre-tax earnings were $2.84 billion in 2016, 14% lower than 2015.
as of december 2016, our investment banking transaction backlog was lower compared with a strong level of backlog at the end of 2015, primarily due to lower estimated net revenues from potential advisory transactions and significantly lower estimated net revenues from potential debt underwriting transactions, principally reflecting decreases in mergers and acquisitions activity and acquisition-related financing, respectively. estimated net revenues from potential equity underwriting transactions were slightly lower compared with the end of 2015.
our investment banking transaction backlog represents an estimate of our future net revenues from investment banking transactions where we believe that future revenue realization is more likely than not. we believe changes in our investment banking transaction backlog may be a useful indicator of client activity levels which, over the long term, impact our net revenues. however, the time frame for completion and corresponding revenue recognition of transactions in our backlog varies based on the nature of the assignment, as certain transactions may remain in our backlog for longer periods of time and others may enter and leave within the same reporting period. in addition, our transaction backlog is subject to certain limitations, such as assumptions about the likelihood that individual client transactions will occur in the future. transactions may be cancelled or modified, and transactions not included in the estimate may also occur.
2015 versus 2014. net revenues in investment banking were $7.03 billion for 2015, 9% higher than 2014.
net revenues in financial advisory were $3.47 billion, 40% higher than 2014, reflecting strong client activity, particularly in the u.s. industry-wide completed mergers and acquisitions increased significantly compared with the prior year. net revenues in underwriting were $3.56 billion, 11% lower compared with a strong 2014. net revenues in debt underwriting were lower compared with 2014, reflecting significantly lower leveraged finance activity. net revenues in equity underwriting were also lower, reflecting significantly lower net revenues from initial public offerings and convertible offerings, partially offset by significantly higher net revenues from secondary offerings.
operating expenses were $3.71 billion for 2015, essentially unchanged compared with 2014. pre-tax earnings were $3.31 billion in 2015, 19% higher than 2014.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis as of december 2015, our investment banking transaction backlog was higher compared with the end of 2014, primarily due to significantly higher estimated net revenues from potential debt underwriting transactions, principally related to leveraged finance transactions, and higher estimated net revenues from potential advisory transactions, reflecting the continued high level of mergers and acquisitions activity. estimated net revenues from potential equity underwriting transactions were slightly higher compared with the end of 2014.
institutional client services our institutional client services segment is comprised of:
fixed income, currency and commodities client execution. includes client execution activities related to making markets in both cash and derivative instruments for interest rate products, credit products, mortgages, currencies and commodities.
•                                                          interest rate products. government bonds (including inflation-linked securities) across maturities, other government-backed securities, repurchase agreements, and interest rate swaps, options and other derivatives.
•                                                          credit products. investment-grade corporate securities, high-yield securities, credit derivatives, exchange-traded funds, bank and bridge loans, municipal securities, emerging market and distressed debt, and trade claims.
•                                                                                               mortgages. commercial mortgage-related securities, loans and derivatives, residential mortgage-related securities, loans and derivatives (including u.s. government agency-issued collateralized mortgage obligations and other securities and loans), and other asset-backed securities, loans and derivatives.
•      currencies. currency options, spot/forwards and other derivatives on g-10 currencies and emerging-market products.
•                                                            commodities. commodity derivatives and, to a lesser extent, physical commodities, involving crude oil and petroleum products, natural gas, base, precious and other metals, electricity, coal, agricultural and other commodity products.
equities. includes client execution activities related to making markets in equity products and commissions and fees from executing and clearing institutional client transactions on major stock, options and futures exchanges worldwide, as well as otc transactions. equities also includes our securities services business, which provides financing, securities lending and other prime brokerage services to institutional clients, including hedge funds, mutual funds, pension funds and foundations, and generates revenues primarily in the form of interest rate spreads or fees.
as a market maker, we facilitate transactions in both liquid and less liquid markets, primarily for institutional clients, such as corporations, financial institutions, investment funds and governments, to assist clients in meeting their investment objectives and in managing their risks. in this role, we seek to earn the difference between the price at which a market participant is willing to sell an instrument to us and the price at which another market participant is willing to buy it from us, and vice versa (i.e., bid/offer spread). in addition, we maintain inventory, typically for a short period of time, in response to, or in anticipation of, client demand. we also hold inventory to actively manage our risk exposures that arise from these market-making activities. our market-making inventory is recorded in financial instruments owned, at fair value (long positions) or financial instruments sold, but not yet purchased, at fair value (short positions) in our consolidated statements of financial condition.
our results are influenced by a combination of interconnected drivers, including (i) client activity levels and transactional bid/offer spreads (collectively, client activity), and (ii) changes in the fair value of our inventory and interest income and interest expense related to the holding, hedging and funding of our inventory (collectively, market-making inventory changes). due to the integrated nature of our market-making activities, disaggregation of net revenues into client activity and market-making inventory changes is judgmental and has inherent complexities and limitations.
the amount and composition of our net revenues vary over time as these drivers are impacted by multiple interrelated factors affecting economic and market conditions, including volatility and liquidity in the market, changes in interest rates, currency exchange rates, credit spreads, equity prices and commodity prices, investor confidence, and other macroeconomic concerns and uncertainties.
in general, assuming all other market-making conditions remain constant, increases in client activity levels or bid/offer spreads tend to result in increases in net revenues, and decreases tend to have the opposite effect. however, changes in market-making conditions can materially impact client activity levels and bid/offer spreads, as well as the fair value of our inventory. for example, a decrease in liquidity in the market could have the impact of (i) increasing our bid/offer spread, (ii) decreasing investor confidence and thereby decreasing client activity levels, and (iii) wider credit spreads on our inventory positions.
60   goldman sachs 2016 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis the table below presents the operating results of our institutional client services segment.
fixed income, currency and commodities client execution        $ 7,556                $ 7,322                $ 8,461
equities client execution                                        2,194                  3,028                  2,079
securities services                                              1,639                  1,645                  1,504
total equities                                                   6,911                  7,829                  6,736
the table below presents the net revenues of our institutional client services segment by line item in the consolidated statements of earnings. see “net revenues” above for further information about market-making revenues, commissions and fees and net interest income.
$ in millions                     fixed income,          total   institutional currency and       equities          client commodities                       services client execution year ended december 2016
market making                           $ 6,803        $ 3,130         $ 9,933
market making                           $ 5,893        $ 3,630         $ 9,523
market making                           $ 5,623        $ 2,742         $ 8,365
•   the difference between commissions and fees and those in the consolidated statements of earnings represents commissions and fees included in our investment management segment.
•   see note 25 to the consolidated financial statements for net interest income by business segment.
•   the primary driver of net revenues for fixed income, currency and commodities client execution, for the periods in the table above, was attributable to client activity.
operating environment. challenging trends in the operating environment for institutional client services that existed throughout the second half of 2015 continued during the first quarter of 2016, including concerns and uncertainties about global economic growth and central bank activity. these concerns contributed to significant price pressure across both equity and fixed income markets. volatility peaked in february with the vix reaching over 28, and global equity markets materially declined during the first half of the first quarter with the dow jones industrial average, shanghai composite index, and nikkei 225 index down 10%, 25% and 21%, respectively, at their lowest points. credit spreads for high-yield issuers widened over 100 basis points early in the first quarter, driven by the energy sector, and oil and natural gas prices continued their downward trend that began during the middle of 2015, reaching as low as $26 per barrel (wti) and $1.64 per million british thermal units, respectively. concerns about global economic growth moderated at the beginning of the second quarter, however the market became increasingly focused on the political uncertainty and economic implications surrounding the potential exit of the u.k. from the e.u. in response to the “leave vote,” the msci world index declined 7% in two days and volumes generally spiked, both of which largely reversed shortly thereafter. in addition, the nikkei 225 index and the shanghai composite index were down 18% and 17%, respectively, during the first half of 2016. this challenging environment, including low interest rates, impacted client sentiment and risk appetite, and market-making conditions remained difficult.
during the second half of 2016, the operating environment improved, as global equity markets steadily increased, with the msci world index up 6% and the s&p 500 index up 7% during the period. in addition, equity markets in asia generally rebounded, with the nikkei 225 index up 23% and the shanghai composite index up 6%. average volatility in equity markets was lower during the second half of 2016 compared with the beginning of the year. in credit and commodity markets, u.s. investment grade and high-yield credit spreads tightened by nearly 40 basis points and over 150 basis points, respectively, during the second half of 2016, and oil and natural gas prices increased to approximately $54 per barrel (wti) and $3.72 per million british thermal units, respectively. these trends drove improved client sentiment and market-making conditions during the second half of 2016. if the trend of macroeconomic concerns continues over the long term and activity levels decline, net revenues in institutional client services would likely continue to be negatively impacted. see “business environment” above for further information about economic and market conditions in the global operating environment during the year.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis during 2015, the operating environment for institutional client services was positively impacted by diverging central bank monetary policies in the u.s. and the euro area in the first quarter, as increased volatility levels contributed to strong client activity levels in currencies, interest rate products and equity products, and market-making conditions improved. however, during the remainder of 2015, concerns about global growth and uncertainty about the u.s. federal reserve’s interest rate policy, along with lower global equity prices, widening high-yield credit spreads and declining commodity prices, contributed to lower levels of client activity, particularly in mortgages and credit, and more difficult market-making conditions.
2016 versus 2015. net revenues in institutional client services were $14.47 billion for 2016, 5% lower than 2015.
net revenues in fixed income, currency and commodities client execution were $7.56 billion for 2016, 3% higher than 2015. this increase was primarily driven by the impact of changes in market-making conditions on our inventory.
the following provides details of our fixed income, currency and commodities client execution net revenues by business, compared with 2015 results:
•    net revenues in credit products were significantly higher, reflecting improved market-making conditions, including generally tighter spreads, and higher client activity levels compared with low activity in 2015.
•   net revenues in interest rate products were higher, reflecting higher client activity levels.
•   net revenues in mortgages were significantly lower, reflecting less favorable market-making conditions, including generally wider spreads.
•   net revenues in currencies were lower, reflecting less favorable market-making conditions in emerging markets products compared with 2015, which included a strong first quarter of 2015.
•   net revenues in commodities were lower, reflecting significantly lower client activity.
net revenues in equities were $6.91 billion, 12% lower than 2015, primarily due to significantly lower net revenues in equities client execution, reflecting significantly lower net revenues in cash products, primarily in asia, as well as lower net revenues in derivatives. commissions and fees were slightly lower, reflecting lower listed cash equity volumes in asia and europe, consistent with market volumes in these regions, and net revenues in securities services were essentially unchanged compared with 2015.
we elect the fair value option for certain unsecured borrowings. for 2015, the fair value net gain attributable to the impact of changes in our credit spreads on these borrowings was $255 million ($214 million and $41 million related to fixed income, currency and commodities client execution and equities client execution, respectively). for 2016, we adopted the requirement in asu no. 2016-01 to present separately such gains and losses in other comprehensive income. the amount included in accumulated other comprehensive loss for 2016 was a loss of $844 million ($544 million, net of tax). see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about asu no. 2016-01.
operating expenses were $9.71 billion for 2016, 30% lower than 2015, primarily due to significantly lower net provisions for mortgage-related litigation and regulatory matters, and decreased compensation and benefits expenses, reflecting lower net revenues. pre-tax earnings were $4.75 billion in 2016 compared with $1.21 billion in 2015.
2015 versus 2014. net revenues in institutional client services were $15.15 billion for 2015, essentially unchanged compared with 2014.
net revenues in fixed income, currency and commodities client execution were $7.32 billion for 2015, 13% lower than 2014. excluding a gain of $168 million in 2014 related to the extinguishment of certain of our junior subordinated debt, net revenues in fixed income, currency and commodities client execution were 12% lower than 2014. this decrease was primarily driven by the impact of changes in market-making conditions on our inventory.
the following provides details of our fixed income, currency and commodities client execution net revenues by business, compared with 2014 results:
•   net revenues in mortgages and credit products were both significantly lower, reflecting challenging market-making conditions and generally low levels of activity during 2015.
•   net revenues in commodities were significantly lower, primarily reflecting less favorable market-making conditions compared with 2014, which included a strong first quarter of 2014.
•         net revenues in interest rate products and currencies were both significantly higher, reflecting higher volatility levels which contributed to higher client activity levels, particularly during the first quarter of 2015.
62   goldman sachs 2016 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis net revenues in equities were $7.83 billion for 2015, 16% higher than 2014. excluding a gain of $121 million ($30 million and $91 million included in equities client execution and securities services, respectively) in 2014 related to the extinguishment of certain of our junior subordinated debt, net revenues in equities were 18% higher than 2014, primarily due to significantly higher net revenues in equities client execution across the major regions, reflecting significantly higher results in both derivatives and cash products, and higher net revenues in securities services, reflecting the impact of higher average customer balances and improved securities lending spreads. commissions and fees were essentially unchanged compared with 2014.
we elect the fair value option for certain unsecured borrowings. the fair value net gain attributable to the impact of changes in our credit spreads on these borrowings was $255 million ($214 million and $41 million related to fixed income, currency and commodities client execution and equities client execution, respectively) for 2015, compared with a net gain of $144 million ($108 million and $36 million related to fixed income, currency and commodities client execution and equities client execution, respectively) for 2014.
operating expenses were $13.94 billion for 2015, 28% higher than 2014, due to significantly higher net provisions for mortgage-related litigation and regulatory matters, partially offset by decreased compensation and benefits expenses. pre-tax earnings were $1.21 billion in 2015, 72% lower than 2014.
investing & lending investing & lending includes our investing activities and the origination of loans, including our relationship lending activities, to provide financing to clients. these investments and loans are typically longer-term in nature. we make investments, some of which are consolidated, directly and indirectly through funds that we manage, in debt securities and loans, public and private equity securities, infrastructure and real estate entities. we also make unsecured loans to individuals through our online platform.
equity securities                $2,573                $3,781                $4,579
debt securities and loans         1,507                 1,655                 2,246
operating environment. following difficult market conditions and the impact of a challenging macroeconomic environment on corporate performance, particularly in the energy sector, in the first quarter of 2016, market conditions improved during the rest of the year as macroeconomic concerns moderated. global equity markets increased during 2016, contributing to net gains from investments in public equities, and corporate performance rebounded from the difficult start to the year. if macroeconomic concerns negatively affect corporate performance or company-specific events, or if global equity markets decline, net revenues in investing & lending would likely be negatively impacted.
although net revenues in investing & lending for 2015 benefited from favorable company-specific events, including sales, initial public offerings and financings, a decline in global equity prices and widening high-yield credit spreads during the second half of 2015 impacted results.
2016 versus 2015. net revenues in investing & lending were $4.08 billion for 2016, 25% lower than 2015. this decrease was primarily due to significantly lower net revenues from investments in equities, primarily reflecting a significant decrease in net gains from private equities, driven by company-specific events and corporate performance. in addition, net revenues in debt securities and loans were lower compared with 2015, reflecting significantly lower net revenues related to relationship lending activities, due to the impact of changes in credit spreads on economic hedges. losses related to these hedges were $596 million in 2016, compared with gains of $329 million in 2015. this decrease was partially offset by higher net gains from investments in debt instruments and higher net interest income. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about economic hedges related to our relationship lending activities.
operating expenses were $2.39 billion for 2016, essentially unchanged compared with 2015. pre-tax earnings were $1.69 billion in 2016, 44% lower than 2015.
2015 versus 2014. net revenues in investing & lending were $5.44 billion for 2015, 20% lower than 2014. this decrease was primarily due to lower net revenues from investments in equities, principally reflecting the sale of metro in the fourth quarter of 2014 and lower net gains from investments in private equities, driven by corporate performance. in addition, net revenues in debt securities and loans were significantly lower, reflecting lower net gains from investments.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis operating expenses were $2.40 billion for 2015, 15% lower than 2014, due to lower depreciation and amortization expenses, primarily reflecting lower impairment charges related to consolidated investments, and a reduction in expenses related to the sale of metro in the fourth quarter of 2014. pre-tax earnings were $3.03 billion in 2015, 24% lower than 2014.
investment management investment management provides investment management services and offers investment products (primarily through separately managed accounts and commingled vehicles, such as mutual funds and private investment funds) across all major asset classes to a diverse set of institutional and individual clients. investment management also offers wealth advisory services, including portfolio management and financial counseling, and brokerage and other transaction services to high-net-worth individuals and families.
assets under supervision (aus) include client assets where we earn a fee for managing assets on a discretionary basis. this includes net assets in our mutual funds, hedge funds, credit funds and private equity funds (including real estate funds), and separately managed accounts for institutional and individual investors. assets under supervision also include client assets invested with third-party managers, bank deposits and advisory relationships where we earn a fee for advisory and other services, but do not have investment discretion. assets under supervision do not include the self-directed brokerage assets of our clients. long-term assets under supervision represent assets under supervision excluding liquidity products. liquidity products represent money market and bank deposit assets.
assets under supervision typically generate fees as a percentage of net asset value, which vary by asset class and distribution channel and are affected by investment performance as well as asset inflows and redemptions. asset classes such as alternative investment and equity assets typically generate higher fees relative to fixed income and liquidity product assets. the average effective management fee (which excludes non-asset-based fees) we earned on our assets under supervision was 35 basis points for 2016, 39 basis points for 2015 and 40 basis points for 2014. these decreases reflected shifts in the mix of client assets and strategies.
in certain circumstances, we are also entitled to receive incentive fees based on a percentage of a fund’s or a separately managed account’s return, or when the return exceeds a specified benchmark or other performance targets. incentive fees are recognized only when all material contingencies are resolved.
the table below presents the operating results of our investment management segment.
management and other fees        $4,798                $4,887                $4,800
transaction revenues                569                   539                   466
the tables below present our period-end assets under supervision by asset class and by distribution channel.
asset class alternative investments                          $ 154                 $ 148                 $ 143
equity                                             266                   252                   236
total long-term assets under supervision         1,021                   946                   895
liquidity products                                 358                   306                   283
total assets under supervision                  $1,379                $1,252                $1,178
distribution channel institutional                                    $ 511                 $ 471                 $ 412
in the table above, alternative investments primarily includes hedge funds, credit funds, private equity, real estate, currencies, commodities and asset allocation strategies.
the table below presents a summary of the changes in our assets under supervision.
alternative investments                                5                     7                     1
equity                                                (3   )                23                    15
liquidity products                                    52                    23                    37
net market appreciation/(depreciation)                33                   (20   )                25
•             total long-term aus net inflows/(outflows) for 2015 includes $18 billion of fixed income, equity and alternative investments asset inflows in connection with our acquisition of pacific global advisors’ solutions business.
64   goldman sachs 2016 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis
•                                                                   total aus net inflows/(outflows) for 2014 includes $19 billion of fixed income asset inflows in connection with our acquisition of deutsche asset &amp; wealth management’s stable value business and $6 billion of liquidity products inflows in connection with our acquisition of rbs asset management’s money market funds.
the table below presents our average monthly assets under supervision by asset class.
average for the year ended december
alternative investments                          $ 149                 $ 145                 $ 145
equity                                             256                   247                   225
total long-term assets under supervision           983                   922                   869
liquidity products                                 326                   272                   248
total assets under supervision                  $1,309                $1,194                $1,117
operating environment. following a challenging first quarter of 2016, market conditions continued to improve with higher asset prices resulting in full year appreciation in our client assets in both equity and fixed income assets. also, our assets under supervision increased during 2016 from net inflows, primarily in fixed income assets, and liquidity products. the mix of our average assets under supervision shifted slightly compared with 2015 from long-term assets under supervision to liquidity products. management fees have been impacted by many factors, including inflows to advisory services and outflows from actively-managed mutual funds. in the future, if asset prices decline, or investors continue the trend of favoring assets that typically generate lower fees or investors withdraw their assets, net revenues in investment management would likely be negatively impacted.
during 2015, investment management operated in an environment generally characterized by strong client net inflows, which more than offset the declines in equity and fixed income asset prices, which resulted in depreciation in the value of client assets, particularly in the third quarter of 2015. the mix of average assets under supervision shifted slightly from long-term assets under supervision to liquidity products compared with 2014.
2016 versus 2015. net revenues in investment management were $5.79 billion for 2016, 7% lower than 2015. this decrease primarily reflected significantly lower incentive fees compared with a strong 2015. in addition, management and other fees were slightly lower, reflecting shifts in the mix of client assets and strategies, partially offset by the impact of higher average assets under supervision. during the year, total assets under supervision increased $127 billion to $1.38 trillion. long-term assets under supervision increased $75 billion, including net inflows of $42 billion, primarily in fixed income assets, and net market appreciation of $33 billion, primarily in equity and fixed income assets. in addition, liquidity products increased $52 billion.
operating expenses were $4.65 billion for 2016, 4% lower than 2015, due to decreased compensation and benefits expenses, reflecting lower net revenues. pre-tax earnings were $1.13 billion in 2016, 17% lower than 2015.
2015 versus 2014. net revenues in investment management were $6.21 billion for 2015, 3% higher than 2014, due to slightly higher management and other fees, primarily reflecting higher average assets under supervision, and higher transaction revenues. during 2015, total assets under supervision increased $74 billion to $1.25 trillion. long-term assets under supervision increased $51 billion, including net inflows of $71 billion (which includes $18 billion of asset inflows in connection with our acquisition of pacific global advisors’ solutions business), and net market depreciation of $20 billion, both primarily in fixed income and equity assets. in addition, liquidity products increased $23 billion.
operating expenses were $4.84 billion for 2015, 4% higher than 2014, due to increased compensation and benefits expenses, reflecting higher net revenues. pre-tax earnings were $1.37 billion in 2015, 2% lower than 2014.
geographic data see note 25 to the consolidated financial statements for a summary of our total net revenues, pre-tax earnings and net earnings by geographic region.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis balance sheet and funding sources balance sheet management one of our risk management disciplines is our ability to manage the size and composition of our balance sheet. while our asset base changes due to client activity, market fluctuations and business opportunities, the size and composition of our balance sheet also reflects factors including (i) our overall risk tolerance, (ii) the amount of equity capital we hold and (iii) our funding profile, among other factors. see “equity capital management and regulatory capital — equity capital management” for information about our equity capital management process.
although our balance sheet fluctuates on a day-to-day basis, our total assets at quarter-end and year-end dates are generally not materially different from those occurring within our reporting periods.
in order to ensure appropriate risk management, we seek to maintain a sufficiently liquid balance sheet and have processes in place to dynamically manage our assets and liabilities which include (i) balance sheet planning, (ii) business-specific limits, (iii) monitoring of key metrics and (iv) scenario analyses.
balance sheet planning. we prepare a balance sheet plan that combines our projected total assets and composition of assets with our expected funding sources over a one-year time horizon. this plan is reviewed semi-annually and may be adjusted in response to changing business needs or market conditions. the objectives of this planning process are:
•   to develop our balance sheet projections, taking into account the general state of the financial markets and expected business activity levels, as well as regulatory requirements;
•                                               to allow business risk managers and managers from our independent control and support functions to objectively evaluate balance sheet limit requests from business managers in the context of our overall balance sheet constraints, including our liability profile and equity capital levels, and key metrics; and
•   to inform the target amount, tenor and type of funding to raise, based on our projected assets and contractual maturities.
business risk managers and managers from our independent control and support functions meet with business managers to review current and prior period information and discuss expectations for the year to prepare our balance sheet plan. the specific information reviewed includes asset and liability size and composition, limit utilization, risk and performance measures, and capital usage.
our consolidated balance sheet plan, including our balance sheets by business, funding projections, and projected key metrics, is reviewed and approved by the firmwide finance committee. see “overview and structure of risk management” for an overview of our risk management structure.
business-specific limits. the firmwide finance committee sets asset and liability limits for each business. these limits are set at levels which are close to actual operating levels, rather than at levels which reflect our maximum risk appetite, in order to ensure prompt escalation and discussion among business managers and managers in our independent control and support functions on a routine basis. the firmwide finance committee reviews and approves balance sheet limits on a semi-annual basis and may also approve changes in limits on a more frequent basis in response to changing business needs or market conditions. in addition, the risk governance committee sets aged inventory limits for certain financial instruments as a disincentive to hold inventory over longer periods of time. requests for changes in limits are evaluated after giving consideration to their impact on key firm metrics. compliance with limits is monitored on a daily basis by business risk managers, as well as managers in our independent control and support functions.
monitoring of key metrics. we monitor key balance sheet metrics daily both by business and on a consolidated basis, including asset and liability size and composition, limit utilization and risk measures. we allocate assets to businesses and review and analyze movements resulting from new business activity as well as market fluctuations.
66   goldman sachs 2016 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis scenario analyses. we conduct various scenario analyses including as part of the comprehensive capital analysis and review (ccar) and dodd-frank act stress tests (dfast), as well as our resolution and recovery planning. see “equity capital management and regulatory capital — equity capital management” below for further information about these scenario analyses. these scenarios cover short-term and long-term time horizons using various macroeconomic and firm-specific assumptions, based on a range of economic scenarios. we use these analyses to assist us in developing our longer-term balance sheet management strategy, including the level and composition of assets, funding and equity capital. additionally, these analyses help us develop approaches for maintaining appropriate funding, liquidity and capital across a variety of situations, including a severely stressed environment.
balance sheet allocation in addition to preparing our consolidated statements of financial condition in accordance with u.s. gaap, we prepare a balance sheet that generally allocates assets to our businesses, which is a non-gaap presentation and may not be comparable to similar non-gaap presentations used by other companies. we believe that presenting our assets on this basis is meaningful because it is consistent with the way management views and manages risks associated with our assets and better enables investors to assess the liquidity of our assets.
the table below presents our balance sheet allocation.
global core liquid assets (gcla)        $226,066                  $199,120
institutional client services            302,186                   312,307
public equity                              3,224                     3,991
private equity                            18,224                    16,985
assets other assets                              25,481                    25,218
total assets                            $860,165                  $861,395
•                                                                                       global core liquid assets and cash. we maintain liquidity to meet a broad range of potential cash outflows and collateral needs in a stressed environment. see “liquidity risk management” below for details on the composition and sizing of our “global core liquid assets” (gcla). in addition to our gcla, we maintain other unrestricted operating cash balances, primarily for use in specific currencies, entities, or jurisdictions where we do not have immediate access to parent company liquidity.
•                                                                                                secured client financing. we provide collateralized financing for client positions, including margin loans secured by client collateral, securities borrowed, and resale agreements primarily collateralized by government obligations. we segregate cash and securities for regulatory and other purposes related to client activity. securities are segregated from our own inventory as well as from collateral obtained through securities borrowed or resale agreements. our secured client financing arrangements, which are generally short-term, are accounted for at fair value or at amounts that approximate fair value, and include daily margin requirements to mitigate counterparty credit risk.
•                                                                                               institutional client services. in institutional client services, we maintain inventory positions to facilitate market making in fixed income, equity, currency and commodity products. additionally, as part of market-making activities, we enter into resale or securities borrowing arrangements to obtain securities or use our own inventory to cover transactions in which we or our clients have sold securities that have not yet been purchased. the receivables in institutional client services primarily relate to securities transactions.
•                                                                                                    investing &amp; lending. in investing &amp; lending, we make investments and originate loans to provide financing to clients. these investments and loans are typically longer-term in nature. we make investments, directly and indirectly through funds that we manage, in debt securities, loans, public and private equity securities, infrastructure, real estate entities and other investments. we also make unsecured loans to individuals through our online platform. debt includes $14.23 billion and $17.29 billion as of december 2016
and december 2015, respectively, of direct loans primarily extended to corporate and private wealth management clients that are accounted for at fair value. loans receivable is comprised of loans held for investment that are accounted for at amortized cost net of allowance for loan losses. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about loans receivable.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis
•                                                                                                     other assets. other assets are generally less liquid, non-financial assets, including property, leasehold improvements and equipment, goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, income tax-related receivables, equity-method investments, assets classified as held for sale and miscellaneous receivables.
the table below presents the reconciliation of this balance sheet allocation to our u.s. gaap balance sheet.
$ in millions                                                                              gcla     secured   institutional   investing      total and      client          client       &amp;
securities purchased under agreements to resell and federal funds sold                   56,583      40,436          18,844       1,062    116,925
securities borrowed                                                                      41,652      96,186          46,762           —    184,600
receivables from customers and counterparties                                                 —      26,286          18,088       3,406     47,780
financial instruments owned, at fair value                                               29,853      15,294         206,988      43,817    295,952
other assets                                                                                                                                25,481
total assets                                                                                                                              $860,165
securities purchased under agreements to resell and federal funds sold                   60,092      56,189          16,368       1,659    134,308
securities borrowed                                                                      33,260      97,251          47,127           —    177,638
receivables from customers and counterparties                                                 —      24,077          20,435       1,918     46,430
financial instruments owned, at fair value                                               39,843      19,562         208,836      45,261    313,502
other assets                                                                                                                                25,218
total assets                                                                                                                              $861,395
•                                                                        total assets for institutional client services and investing &amp; lending represent inventory and related assets. these amounts differ from total assets by business segment disclosed in note 25 to the consolidated financial statements because total assets disclosed in note 25 include allocations of our gcla and cash, secured client financing and other assets.
•   see “balance sheet analysis and metrics” for explanations on the changes in our balance sheet from december 2015 to december 2016.
balance sheet analysis and metrics as of december 2016, total assets in our consolidated statements of financial condition were $860.17 billion, essentially unchanged from december 2015, reflecting an increase in cash and cash equivalents of $28.27 billion, offset by a decrease in financial instruments owned, at fair value of $17.55 billion and a net decrease in collateralized agreements of $10.42 billion. the increase in cash and cash equivalents was primarily due to an increase in deposits, reflecting the acquisition of ge capital bank’s online deposit platform. the decrease in financial instruments owned, at fair value primarily reflected decreases in u.s. government and federal agency obligations, equities and convertible debentures and money market instruments related to market-making activity, and the net decrease in collateralized agreements reflected the impact of firm and client activity.
as of december 2016, total liabilities in our consolidated statements of financial condition were $773.27 billion, essentially unchanged from december 2015, reflecting increases in deposits of $26.58 billion and unsecured long-term borrowings of $13.66 billion, offset by decreases in payables to customers and counterparties of $20.89 billion, securities sold under agreements to repurchase, at fair value of $14.25 billion, and other liabilities and accrued expenses of $4.53 billion. the increase in deposits reflected the acquisition of ge capital bank’s online deposit platform, and the increase in unsecured long-term borrowings was due to net new issuances. the decrease in payables to customers and counterparties reflected changes in client activity and the decrease in securities sold under agreements to repurchase, at fair value reflected the impact of firm and client activity. the decrease in other liabilities and accrued expenses primarily reflected payments related to the settlement agreement with the rmbs working group.
as of december 2016, our total securities sold under agreements to repurchase, accounted for as collateralized financings, were $71.82 billion, which was 5% lower and 9% lower than the daily average amount of repurchase agreements during the quarter ended and year ended december 2016, respectively. the decrease in our repurchase agreements relative to the daily average during 2016 resulted from the impact of firm and client activity at the end of the year.
68   goldman sachs 2016 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis as of december 2015, our total securities sold under agreements to repurchase, accounted for as collateralized financings, were $86.07 billion, which was 3% higher than the daily average amount of repurchase agreements during both the quarter ended and year ended december 2015. the increase in our repurchase agreements relative to the daily average during 2015 resulted from an increase in firm financing and client activity at the end of the year.
the level of our repurchase agreements fluctuates between and within periods, primarily due to providing clients with access to highly liquid collateral, such as u.s. government and federal agency, and investment-grade sovereign obligations through collateralized financing activities.
the table below presents information about our assets, unsecured long-term borrowings, shareholders’ equity and leverage ratios.
total assets                          $860,165                  $861,395
total shareholders’ equity              86,893                    86,728
leverage ratio                            9.9x                      9.9x debt to equity ratio                      2.2x                      2.0x in the table above:
•                                the leverage ratio equals total assets divided by total shareholders’ equity and measures the proportion of equity and debt we use to finance assets. this ratio is different from the tier 1 leverage ratio included in note 20 to the consolidated financial statements.
•   the debt to equity ratio equals unsecured long-term borrowings divided by total shareholders’ equity.
the table below presents information about our shareholders’ equity and book value per common share, including the reconciliation of total shareholders’ equity to tangible common shareholders’ equity.
total shareholders’ equity                                $ 86,893                   $ 86,728
common shareholders’ equity                                 75,690                     75,528
less: goodwill and identifiable intangible assets           (4,095    )                (4,148   )
tangible common shareholders’ equity                      $ 71,595                   $ 71,380
book value per common share                               $ 182.47                   $ 171.03
tangible book value per common share                        172.60                     161.64
•                                                                         tangible common shareholders’ equity equals total shareholders’ equity less preferred stock, goodwill and identifiable intangible assets. we believe that tangible common shareholders’ equity is meaningful because it is a measure that we and investors use to assess capital adequacy. tangible common shareholders’ equity is a non-gaap measure and may not be comparable to similar non-gaap measures used by other companies.
•                                                                      book value per common share and tangible book value per common share are based on common shares outstanding and restricted stock units granted to employees with no future service requirements (collectively, basic shares) of 414.8 million and 441.6 million as of december 2016 and december 2015, respectively. we believe that tangible book value per common share (tangible common shareholders’ equity divided by basic shares) is meaningful because it is a measure that we and investors use to assess capital adequacy. tangible book value per common share is a non-gaap measure and may not be comparable to similar non-gaap measures used by other companies.
funding sources our primary sources of funding are secured financings, unsecured long-term and short-term borrowings, and deposits. we seek to maintain broad and diversified funding sources globally across products, programs, markets, currencies and creditors to avoid funding concentrations.
•   collateralized financings, such as repurchase agreements, securities loaned and other secured financings;
•   savings, demand and time deposits through internal and third-party broker-dealers, as well as from retail and institutional customers; and
•   short-term unsecured debt at the subsidiary level through u.s. and non-u.s. hybrid financial instruments and other methods.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis our funding is primarily raised in u.s. dollar, euro, british pound and japanese yen. we generally distribute our funding products through our own sales force and third-party distributors to a large, diverse creditor base in a variety of markets in the americas, europe and asia. we believe that our relationships with our creditors are critical to our liquidity. our creditors include banks, governments, securities lenders, pension funds, insurance companies, mutual funds and individuals. we have imposed various internal guidelines to monitor creditor concentration across our funding programs.
secured funding. we fund a significant amount of inventory on a secured basis, including repurchase agreements, securities loaned and other secured financings. as of december 2016 and december 2015, secured funding included in “collateralized financings” in the consolidated statements of financial condition was $100.86 billion and $114.44 billion, respectively. we may also pledge our inventory as collateral for securities borrowed under a securities lending agreement or as collateral for derivative transactions. we also use our own inventory to cover transactions in which we or our clients have sold securities that have not yet been purchased. secured funding is less sensitive to changes in our credit quality than unsecured funding, due to our posting of collateral to our lenders. nonetheless, we continually analyze the refinancing risk of our secured funding activities, taking into account trade tenors, maturity profiles, counterparty concentrations, collateral eligibility and counterparty rollover probabilities. we seek to mitigate our refinancing risk by executing term trades with staggered maturities, diversifying counterparties, raising excess secured funding, and pre-funding residual risk through our gcla.
we seek to raise secured funding with a term appropriate for the liquidity of the assets that are being financed, and we seek longer maturities for secured funding collateralized by asset classes that may be harder to fund on a secured basis, especially during times of market stress. our secured funding, excluding funding collateralized by liquid government obligations, is primarily executed for tenors of one month or greater. assets that may be harder to fund on a secured basis during times of market stress include certain financial instruments in the following categories: mortgage and other asset-backed loans and securities, non-investment-grade corporate debt securities, equities and convertible debentures and emerging market securities. assets that are classified as level 3 in the fair value hierarchy are generally funded on an unsecured basis. see notes 5 and 6 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about the classification of financial instruments in the fair value hierarchy and “unsecured long-term borrowings” below for further information about the use of unsecured long-term borrowings as a source of funding.
the weighted average maturity of our secured funding included in “collateralized financings” in the consolidated statements of financial condition, excluding funding that can only be collateralized by highly liquid securities eligible for inclusion in our gcla, exceeded 120 days as of december 2016.
a majority of our secured funding for securities not eligible for inclusion in the gcla is executed through term repurchase agreements and securities loaned contracts. we also raise financing through other types of collateralized financings, such as secured loans and notes. goldman sachs bank usa (gs bank usa) has access to funding from the federal home loan bank (fhlb). as of december 2016, our outstanding borrowings against the fhlb were $2.43 billion.
gs bank usa also has access to funding through the federal reserve bank discount window. while we do not rely on this funding in our liquidity planning and stress testing, we maintain policies and procedures necessary to access this funding and test discount window borrowing procedures.
unsecured long-term borrowings. we issue unsecured long-term borrowings as a source of funding for inventory and other assets and to finance a portion of our gcla. we issue in different tenors, currencies and products to maximize the diversification of our investor base.
the table below presents our quarterly unsecured long-term borrowings maturity profile as of december 2016.
the weighted average maturity of our unsecured long-term borrowings as of december 2016 was approximately eight years. to mitigate refinancing risk, we seek to limit the principal amount of debt maturing on any one day or during any week or year. we enter into interest rate swaps to convert a portion of our unsecured long-term borrowings into floating-rate obligations in order to manage our exposure to interest rates. see note 16 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our unsecured long-term borrowings.
70   goldman sachs 2016 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis deposits. our deposits provide us with a diversified source of liquidity and reduce our reliance on wholesale funding. a growing source of our deposit base is comprised of retail deposits. deposits are primarily used to finance lending activity, other inventory and a portion of our gcla. we raise deposits primarily through gs bank usa and goldman sachs international bank (gsib). as of december 2016 and december 2015, our deposits were $124.10 billion and $97.52 billion, respectively. see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our deposits.
unsecured short-term borrowings. a significant portion of our unsecured short-term borrowings was originally long-term debt that is scheduled to mature within one year of the reporting date. we use unsecured short-term borrowings, including hybrid financial instruments, to finance liquid assets and for other cash management purposes. in light of regulatory developments, group inc. no longer issues debt with an original maturity of less than one year, other than to its subsidiaries.
as of december 2016 and december 2015, our unsecured short-term borrowings, including the current portion of unsecured long-term borrowings, were $39.27 billion and $42.79 billion, respectively. see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our unsecured short-term borrowings.
equity capital management and regulatory capital capital adequacy is of critical importance to us. we have in place a comprehensive capital management policy that provides a framework, defines objectives and establishes guidelines to assist us in maintaining the appropriate level and composition of capital in both business-as-usual and stressed conditions.
equity capital management we determine the appropriate level and composition of our equity capital by considering multiple factors including our current and future consolidated regulatory capital requirements, the results of our capital planning and stress testing process and other factors such as rating agency guidelines, subsidiary capital requirements, the business environment and conditions in the financial markets. we manage our capital requirements and the levels of our capital usage principally by setting limits on balance sheet assets and/or limits on risk, in each case at both the consolidated and business levels.
we principally manage the level and composition of our equity capital through issuances and repurchases of our common stock. we may also, from time to time, issue or repurchase our preferred stock, junior subordinated debt issued to trusts, and other subordinated debt or other forms of capital as business conditions warrant. prior to any repurchases, we must receive confirmation that the board of governors of the federal reserve system (federal reserve board) does not object to such capital actions. see notes 16 and 19 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our preferred stock, junior subordinated debt issued to trusts and other subordinated debt.
capital planning and stress testing process. as part of capital planning, we project sources and uses of capital given a range of business environments, including stressed conditions. our stress testing process is designed to identify and measure material risks associated with our business activities including market risk, credit risk and operational risk, as well as our ability to generate revenues.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis the following is a description of our capital planning and stress testing process:
•                                                                                              capital planning. our capital planning process incorporates an internal capital adequacy assessment with the objective of ensuring that we are appropriately capitalized relative to the risks in our business. we incorporate stress scenarios into our capital planning process with a goal of holding sufficient capital to ensure we remain adequately capitalized after experiencing a severe stress event. our assessment of capital adequacy is viewed in tandem with our assessment of liquidity adequacy and is integrated into our overall risk management structure, governance and policy framework.
our capital planning process also includes an internal risk-based capital assessment. this assessment incorporates market risk, credit risk and operational risk. market risk is calculated by using value-at-risk (var) calculations supplemented by risk-based add-ons which include risks related to rare events (tail risks). credit risk utilizes assumptions about our counterparties’ probability of default and the size of our losses in the event of a default. operational risk is calculated based on scenarios incorporating multiple types of operational failures as well as considering internal and external actual loss experience. backtesting for market risk and credit risk is used to gauge the effectiveness of models at capturing and measuring relevant risks.
•                                                                                                 stress testing. our stress tests incorporate our internally designed stress scenarios, including our internally developed severely adverse scenario, and those required under ccar and dfast, and are designed to capture our specific vulnerabilities and risks. we provide additional information about our stress test processes and a summary of the results on our website as described in “business — available information” in part i, item 1 of this form 10-k.
as required by the federal reserve board’s annual ccar rules, we submit a capital plan for review by the federal reserve board. the purpose of the federal reserve board’s review is to ensure that we have a robust, forward-looking capital planning process that accounts for our unique risks and that permits continued operation during times of economic and financial stress.
the federal reserve board evaluates us based, in part, on whether we have the capital necessary to continue operating under the baseline and stress scenarios provided by the federal reserve board and those developed internally. this evaluation also takes into account our process for identifying risk, our controls and governance for capital planning, and our guidelines for making capital planning decisions. in addition, the federal reserve board evaluates our plan to make capital distributions (i.e., dividend payments and repurchases or redemptions of stock, subordinated debt or other capital securities) and issue capital, across a range of macroeconomic scenarios and firm-specific assumptions.
in addition, the dfast rules require us to conduct stress tests on a semi-annual basis and publish a summary of certain results. the federal reserve board also conducts its own annual stress tests and publishes a summary of certain results.
we submitted our 2016 ccar results in april 2016 and the federal reserve board informed us that it did not object to our capital actions, including the potential repurchase of outstanding common stock, a potential increase in our quarterly common stock dividend and the possible issuance, redemption and modification of other capital securities from the third quarter of 2016 through the second quarter of 2017. we published a summary of our annual dfast results in june 2016. see “business — available information” in part i, item 1 of this form 10-k.
in september 2016, we submitted our semi-annual dfast results to the federal reserve board and subsequently published a summary of our internally developed severely adverse scenario results in october 2016. see “business — available information” in part i, item 1 of this form 10-k.
we are required to submit our 2017 ccar results to the federal reserve board by april 5, 2017.
in addition, the rules adopted by the federal reserve board under the dodd-frank act require gs bank usa to conduct stress tests on an annual basis and publish a summary of certain results. gs bank usa submitted its 2016 annual dfast stress results to the federal reserve board in april 2016 and published a summary of its results in june 2016. see “business — available information” in part i, item 1 of this form 10-k.
72   goldman sachs 2016 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis goldman sachs international (gsi) also has its own capital planning and stress testing process, which incorporates internally designed stress tests and those required under the prudential regulation authority’s (pra) internal capital adequacy assessment process.
contingency capital plan. as part of our comprehensive capital management policy, we maintain a contingency capital plan. our contingency capital plan provides a framework for analyzing and responding to a perceived or actual capital deficiency, including, but not limited to, identification of drivers of a capital deficiency, as well as mitigants and potential actions. it outlines the appropriate communication procedures to follow during a crisis period, including internal dissemination of information as well as timely communication with external stakeholders.
capital attribution. we assess each of our businesses’ capital usage based upon our internal assessment of risks, which incorporates an attribution of all of our relevant regulatory capital requirements. these regulatory capital requirements are allocated using our attributed equity framework, which takes into consideration our binding capital constraints. we also attribute risk-weighted assets (rwas) to our business segments. as of december 2016, approximately two-thirds of rwas calculated in accordance with the standardized capital rules and the basel iii advanced rules, subject to transitional provisions, were attributed to our institutional client services segment and substantially all of the remaining rwas were attributed to our investing & lending segment. we manage the levels of our capital usage based upon balance sheet and risk limits, as well as capital return analyses of our businesses based on our capital attribution.
share repurchase program. we use our share repurchase program to help maintain the appropriate level of common equity. the repurchase program is effected primarily through regular open-market purchases (which may include repurchase plans designed to comply with rule 10b5-1), the amounts and timing of which are determined primarily by our current and projected capital position and our capital plan submitted to the federal reserve board as part of ccar. the amounts and timing of the repurchases may also be influenced by general market conditions and the prevailing price and trading volumes of our common stock.
as of december 2016, the remaining share authorization under our existing repurchase program was 26.6 million shares; however, we are only permitted to make repurchases to the extent that such repurchases have not been objected to by the federal reserve board. see “market for registrant’s common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities” in part ii, item 5 of this form 10-k and note 19 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information about our share repurchase program and see above for information about our capital planning and stress testing process.
resolution and recovery plans we are required by the federal reserve board and the fdic to submit a periodic plan that describes our strategy for a rapid and orderly resolution in the event of material financial distress or failure (resolution plan). we are also required by the federal reserve board to submit and have submitted, on a periodic basis, a global recovery plan that outlines the steps that management could take to reduce risk, maintain sufficient liquidity, and conserve capital in times of prolonged stress.
in april 2016, the federal reserve board and the fdic provided feedback on the 2015 resolution plans of eight systemically important domestic banking institutions and provided guidance related to the 2017 resolution plan submissions. while our plan was not jointly found to be deficient (i.e., non-credible or to not facilitate an orderly resolution under the u.s. bankruptcy code), the fdic identified deficiencies and both the fdic and federal reserve board also identified certain shortcomings. in response to the feedback received, in september 2016, we submitted a status report on our actions to address these shortcomings and a separate public section that explains these actions, at a high level. our 2017 resolution plan, which is due by july 1, 2017, is also required to address the shortcomings and take into account the additional guidance.
in addition, gs bank usa is required to submit a resolution plan to the fdic and, accordingly, submitted its 2015 resolution plan on september 1, 2015. gs bank usa has not yet received supervisory feedback on its 2015 resolution plan. in july 2016, gs bank usa received notification from the fdic that its resolution plan submission date was extended to october 1, 2017 and the 2016 resolution plan requirement will be satisfied by the submission of the 2017 resolution plan.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis rating agency guidelines the credit rating agencies assign credit ratings to the obligations of group inc., which directly issues or guarantees substantially all of our senior unsecured obligations. goldman, sachs & co. (gs&co.) and gsi have been assigned long- and short-term issuer ratings by certain credit rating agencies. gs bank usa and gsib have also been assigned long- and short-term issuer ratings, as well as ratings on their long-term and short-term bank deposits. in addition, credit rating agencies have assigned ratings to debt obligations of certain other subsidiaries of group inc.
the level and composition of our equity capital are among the many factors considered in determining our credit ratings. each agency has its own definition of eligible capital and methodology for evaluating capital adequacy, and assessments are generally based on a combination of factors rather than a single calculation. see “liquidity risk management — credit ratings” for further information about credit ratings of group inc., gs bank usa, gsib, gs&co. and gsi.
consolidated regulatory capital we are subject to the federal reserve board’s revised risk-based capital and leverage regulations, subject to certain transitional provisions (revised capital framework). these regulations are largely based on the basel committee on banking supervision’s (basel committee) capital framework for strengthening international capital standards (basel iii) and also implement certain provisions of the dodd-frank act. under the revised capital framework, we are an “advanced approach” banking organization.
we calculate our common equity tier 1 (cet1), tier 1 capital and total capital ratios in accordance with (i) the standardized approach and market risk rules set out in the revised capital framework (together, the standardized capital rules) and (ii) the advanced approach and market risk rules set out in the revised capital framework (together, the basel iii advanced rules) as described in note 20 to the consolidated financial statements. the lower of each ratio calculated in (i) and (ii) is the ratio against which our compliance with minimum ratio requirements is assessed. each of the ratios calculated in accordance with the basel iii advanced rules was lower than that calculated in accordance with the standardized capital rules and therefore the basel iii advanced ratios were the ratios that applied to us as of december 2016 and december 2015.
see note 20 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our capital ratios as of december 2016 and december 2015, and for additional information about the revised capital framework.
minimum capital ratios and capital buffers the table below presents our minimum required ratios as of december 2016, as well as the estimated minimum ratios that we expect will apply at the end of the transitional provisions beginning january 2019.
tier 1 capital ratio           7.375%           11.0%
total capital ratio            9.375%           13.0%
tier 1 leverage ratio          4.000%            4.0%
•                                       the minimum ratios as of december 2016 reflect (i) the 25% phase-in of the capital conservation buffer (0.625%), (ii) the 25% phase-in of the global systemically important bank (g-sib) buffer (0.75%), and (iii) the counter-cyclical capital buffer of zero percent.
•                                                                      the estimated minimum ratios as of january 2019 reflect (i) the fully phased-in capital conservation buffer (2.5%), (ii) the fully phased-in g-sib buffer (2.5%), and (iii) the counter-cyclical capital buffer of zero percent. the g-sib buffer of 2.5% is estimated based on 2016 financial data, a reduction from the 3.0% buffer effective january 1, 2016. the g-sib and counter-cyclical buffers in the future may differ from these estimates due to additional guidance from our regulators and/or positional changes. as a result, the minimum ratios we are subject to as of january 1, 2019 could be higher than the amounts presented in the table above.
•                               as of december 2016, in order to meet the quantitative requirements for being
“well-capitalized” under the federal reserve board’s regulations, we must meet a higher required minimum total capital ratio of 10.0%.
•                                tier 1 leverage ratio is defined as tier 1 capital divided by quarterly average adjusted total assets (which includes adjustments for goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, and certain investments in nonconsolidated financial institutions).
see note 20 to the consolidated financial statements for information about the capital conservation buffer, the current g-sib buffer and the counter-cyclical capital buffer.
our minimum required supplementary leverage ratio will be 5.0% on january 1, 2018. see “supplementary leverage ratio” below for further information.
74   goldman sachs 2016 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis fully phased-in capital ratios the table below presents our capital ratios calculated in accordance with the standardized capital rules and the basel iii advanced rules on a fully phased-in basis.
common shareholders’ equity                                                            $ 75,690                  $ 75,528
deductions for goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, net of deferred tax          (3,015   )                (3,044   )
liabilities deductions for investments in nonconsolidated financial institutions                       (765   )                (2,274   )
total common equity tier 1                                                               71,111                    68,801
deduction for investments in covered funds                                                 (445   )                  (413   )
tier 1 capital                                                                         $ 81,808                  $ 79,460
standardized tier 2 and total capital tier 1 capital                                                                         $ 81,808                  $ 79,460
allowance for losses on loans and lending commitments                                       722                       602
standardized tier 2 capital                                                              15,282                    15,715
standardized total capital                                                             $ 97,090                  $ 95,175
basel iii advanced tier 2 and total capital tier 1 capital                                                                         $ 81,808                  $ 79,460
standardized tier 2 capital                                                              15,282                    15,715
allowance for losses on loans and lending commitments                                      (722   )                  (602   )
basel iii advanced tier 2 capital                                                        14,560                    15,113
basel iii advanced total capital                                                       $ 96,368                  $ 94,573
tier 1 capital ratio standardized                                                                              16.1%                     14.9%
total capital ratio standardized                                                                              19.1%                     17.8%
although the fully phased-in capital ratios are not applicable until 2019, we believe that the ratios in the table above are meaningful because they are measures that we, our regulators and investors use to assess our ability to meet future regulatory capital requirements. the fully phased-in basel iii advanced and standardized capital ratios are non-gaap measures and may not be comparable to similar non-gaap measures used by other companies. these ratios are based on our current interpretation, expectations and understanding of the revised capital framework and may evolve as we discuss the interpretation and application of this framework with our regulators.
•                                                     the deductions for goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, net of deferred tax liabilities, include goodwill of $3.67 billion and $3.66 billion as of december 2016 and december 2015, respectively, and identifiable intangible assets of $429 million and $491 million as of december 2016 and december 2015, respectively, net of associated deferred tax liabilities of $1.08 billion and $1.10 billion as of december 2016 and december 2015, respectively.
•                                                       the deductions for investments in nonconsolidated financial institutions represent the amount by which our investments in the capital of nonconsolidated financial institutions exceed certain prescribed thresholds. the decrease from december 2015 to december 2016 primarily reflects reductions in our fund investments.
•                                                                     the deduction for investments in covered funds represents our aggregate investments in applicable covered funds, as permitted by the volcker rule, that were purchased after december 2013. substantially all of these investments in covered funds were purchased in connection with our market-making activities. this deduction was not subject to a transition period. see “regulatory developments” below for further information about the volcker rule.
•                                                           other adjustments within cet1 primarily include the overfunded portion of our defined benefit pension plan obligation net of associated deferred tax liabilities, disallowed deferred tax assets, credit valuation adjustments on derivative liabilities, debt valuation adjustments and other required credit risk-based deductions.
•                                                                  qualifying subordinated debt is subordinated debt issued by group inc. with an original maturity of five years or greater. the outstanding amount of subordinated debt qualifying for tier 2 capital is reduced upon reaching a remaining maturity of five years. see note 16 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information about our subordinated debt.
see note 20 to the consolidated financial statements for information about our transitional capital ratios, which represent the ratios that are applicable to us as of december 2016 and december 2015.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis supplementary leverage ratio the revised capital framework includes a supplementary leverage ratio requirement for advanced approach banking organizations. under amendments to the revised capital framework, the u.s. federal bank regulatory agencies approved a final rule that implements the supplementary leverage ratio aligned with the definition of leverage established by the basel committee. the supplementary leverage ratio compares tier 1 capital to a measure of leverage exposure, which consists of total daily average assets for the quarter and certain off-balance-sheet exposures (which include a measure of derivatives exposures and commitments), less certain balance sheet deductions. the revised capital framework requires a minimum supplementary leverage ratio of 5.0% (comprised of the minimum requirement of 3.0% and a 2.0% buffer) for u.s. bank holding companies deemed to be g-sibs, effective on january 1, 2018.
as of december 2016 and december 2015, our supplementary leverage ratio was 6.4% and 5.9%, respectively, based on tier 1 capital on a fully phased-in basis of $81.81 billion and $79.46 billion, respectively, divided by total leverage exposure of $1.27 trillion (consists of total daily average assets for the quarter of $884 billion and certain off-balance-sheet exposures of $392 billion, less certain balance sheet deductions of $5 billion) and $1.34 trillion (consists of total daily average assets for the quarter of $878 billion and certain off-balance-sheet exposures of $471 billion, less certain balance sheet deductions of $6 billion), respectively. within total leverage exposure, the adjustments to quarterly average assets in both periods were primarily comprised of off-balance-sheet exposures related to derivatives, secured financing transactions, commitments and guarantees.
this supplementary leverage ratio is based on our current interpretation and understanding of the u.s. federal bank regulatory agencies’ final rule and may evolve as we discuss the interpretation and application of this rule with our regulators.
subsidiary capital requirements many of our subsidiaries, including gs bank usa and our broker-dealer subsidiaries, are subject to separate regulation and capital requirements of the jurisdictions in which they operate.
gs bank usa. gs bank usa is subject to regulatory capital requirements that are calculated in substantially the same manner as those applicable to bank holding companies and calculates its capital ratios in accordance with the risk-based capital and leverage requirements applicable to state member banks, which are based on the revised capital framework. see note 20 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about the revised capital framework as it relates to gs bank usa, including gs bank usa’s capital ratios and required minimum ratios.
in addition, under federal reserve board rules, commencing on january 1, 2018, in order to be considered a “well-capitalized” depository institution, gs bank usa must have a supplementary leverage ratio of 6.0% or greater. the supplementary leverage ratio compares tier 1 capital to a measure of leverage exposure, defined as total daily average assets for the quarter and certain off-balance-sheet exposures (which include a measure of derivatives exposures and commitments), less certain balance sheet deductions. as of december 2016, gs bank usa’s supplementary leverage ratio was 7.3%, based on tier 1 capital on a fully phased-in basis of $24.48 billion, divided by total leverage exposure of $333 billion (consists of total daily average assets for the quarter of $170 billion and certain off-balance-sheet exposures of $163 billion, less certain balance sheet deductions of $20 million). as of december 2015, gs bank usa’s supplementary leverage ratio was 7.1%, based on tier 1 capital on a fully phased-in basis of $23.02 billion, divided by total leverage exposure of $324 billion (total daily average assets for the quarter of $134 billion and certain off-balance-sheet exposures of $190 billion, less certain balance sheet deductions of $5 million). this supplementary leverage ratio is based on our current interpretation and understanding of this rule and may evolve as we discuss their interpretation and application with our regulators.
gsi. our regulated u.k. broker-dealer, gsi, is one of our principal non-u.s. regulated subsidiaries and is regulated by the pra and the financial conduct authority. gsi is subject to the revised capital framework for e.u.-regulated financial institutions prescribed in the e.u. fourth capital requirements directive (crd iv) and the e.u. capital requirements regulation (crr). these capital regulations are largely based on basel iii.
76   goldman sachs 2016 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis the table below presents gsi’s minimum required ratios.
tier 1 capital ratio          8.530%            8.2%
total capital ratio          11.163%           10.9%
the minimum ratios in the table above incorporate capital guidance received from the pra and could change in the future. gsi’s future capital requirements may also be impacted by developments such as the introduction of capital buffers as described above in “minimum capital ratios and capital buffers.”
as of december 2016, gsi had a cet1 ratio of 12.9%, a tier 1 capital ratio of 12.9% and a total capital ratio of 17.2%. each of these ratios includes approximately 71 basis points attributable to profit for the year ended december 2016. these ratios will be finalized upon the completion of gsi’s 2016 audit. as of december 2015, gsi had a cet1 ratio of 12.9%, a tier 1 capital ratio of 12.9% and a total capital ratio of 17.6%.
in november 2016, the european commission proposed amendments to the crr to implement a 3% minimum leverage ratio requirement for certain e.u. financial institutions. this leverage ratio compares the crr’s definition of tier 1 capital to a measure of leverage exposure, defined as the sum of assets plus certain off-balance-sheet exposures (which include a measure of derivatives exposures, securities financing transactions and commitments), less tier 1 capital deductions. any required minimum ratio is expected to become effective for gsi no earlier than january 1, 2018. as of december 2016 and december 2015, gsi had a leverage ratio of 3.8% and 3.6%, respectively. the ratio as of december 2016 includes approximately 21 basis points attributable to profit for the year ended december 2016. this leverage ratio is based on our current interpretation and understanding of this rule and may evolve as we discuss the interpretation and application of this rule with gsi’s regulators.
other subsidiaries. the capital requirements of several of our subsidiaries may increase in the future due to the various developments arising from the basel committee, the dodd-frank act, and other governmental entities and regulators. see note 20 to the consolidated financial statements for information about the capital requirements of our other regulated subsidiaries.
subsidiaries not subject to separate regulatory capital requirements may hold capital to satisfy local tax and legal guidelines, rating agency requirements (for entities with assigned credit ratings) or internal policies, including policies concerning the minimum amount of capital a subsidiary should hold based on its underlying level of risk. in certain instances, group inc. may be limited in its ability to access capital held at certain subsidiaries as a result of regulatory, tax or other constraints. as of december 2016 and december 2015, group inc.’s equity investment in subsidiaries was $92.77 billion and $85.52 billion, respectively, compared with its total shareholders’ equity of $86.89 billion and $86.73 billion, respectively.
our capital invested in non-u.s. subsidiaries is generally exposed to foreign exchange risk, substantially all of which is managed through a combination of derivatives and non-u.s. denominated debt. see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for information about our net investment hedges, which are used to hedge this risk.
regulatory developments our businesses are subject to significant and evolving regulation. the dodd-frank act, enacted in july 2010, significantly altered the financial regulatory regime within which we operate. in addition, other reforms have been adopted or are being considered by regulators and policy makers worldwide. given that many of the new and proposed rules are highly complex, the full impact of regulatory reform will not be known until the rules are implemented and market practices develop under the final regulations.
there has been increased regulation of, and limitations on, our activities, including the dodd-frank act prohibition on “proprietary trading” and the limitation on the sponsorship of, and investment in, “covered funds” (as defined in the volcker rule). in addition, there is increased regulation of, and restrictions on, otc derivatives markets and transactions, particularly related to swaps and security-based swaps.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis see “business — regulation” in part i, item 1 of this form 10-k for more information about the laws, rules and regulations and proposed laws, rules and regulations that apply to us and our operations. in addition, see note 20 to the consolidated financial statements for information about regulatory developments as they relate to our regulatory capital and leverage ratios.
volcker rule the provisions of the dodd-frank act referred to as the “volcker rule” became effective in july 2015 (subject to a conformance period, as applicable). the volcker rule prohibits “proprietary trading,” but permits activities such as underwriting, market making and risk-mitigation hedging, requires an extensive compliance program and includes additional reporting and record-keeping requirements. the initial implementation of these rules did not have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. however, the rule is highly complex, and its impact may change as market practices further develop.
in addition to the prohibition on proprietary trading, the volcker rule limits the sponsorship of, and investment in, covered funds by banking entities, including group inc. and its subsidiaries. it also limits certain types of transactions between us and our sponsored funds, similar to the limitations on transactions between depository institutions and their affiliates as described in “business — regulation” in part i, item 1 of this form 10-k. covered funds include our private equity funds, certain of our credit and real estate funds, our hedge funds and certain other investment structures. the limitation on investments in covered funds requires us to reduce our investment in each such fund to 3% or less of the fund’s net asset value, and to reduce our aggregate investment in all such funds to 3% or less of our tier 1 capital.
our investments in applicable covered funds purchased after december 2013 are required to be deducted from tier 1 capital. see “equity capital management and regulatory capital — fully phased-in capital ratios” for further information about our tier 1 capital and the deduction for investments in covered funds.
we continue to manage our existing interests in such funds, taking into account the conformance period under the volcker rule. we plan to continue to conduct our investing and lending activities in ways that are permissible under the volcker rule.
our current investment in funds at nav is $6.47 billion. in order to be compliant with the volcker rule, we will be required to reduce most of our interests in these funds by the end of the conformance period. see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our investment in funds at nav and the conformance period for covered funds.
although our net revenues from our interests in private equity, credit, real estate and hedge funds may vary from period to period, our aggregate net revenues from these investments were approximately 3% and 5% of our aggregate total net revenues over the last 10 years and 5 years, respectively.
total loss-absorbing capacity in december 2016, the federal reserve board adopted a final rule, which establishes new total loss-absorbing capacity (tlac) and related requirements for u.s. bank holding companies designated as g-sibs. the rule will be effective in january 2019, with no phase-in period, and has been designed so that, in the event of a g-sib’s failure, there will be sufficient external loss-absorbing capacity available in order for authorities to implement an orderly resolution of the g-sib. the rule (i) establishes minimum tlac requirements, (ii) establishes minimum eligible long-term debt requirements, (iii) prohibits certain holding company transactions and (iv) caps the amount of g-sib liabilities that are not eligible long-term debt.
we expect that we will be compliant with the tlac requirements by the effective date. see “business — regulation” in part i, item 1 of this form 10-k for further information about the federal reserve board’s tlac rule.
78   goldman sachs 2016 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis other regulatory developments in september 2016, the final margin rules issued by the u.s. federal bank regulatory agencies and the cftc for uncleared swaps became effective. these rules will phase in through march 2017 for variation margin requirements and through september 2020 for initial margin requirements depending on the level of swaps, security-based swaps and/or exempt foreign exchange derivative transaction activity of the swap dealer and the relevant counterparty. the final rules of the u.s. federal bank regulatory agencies generally apply to inter-affiliate transactions, with limited relief available from initial margin requirements for affiliates.
under the cftc final rules, inter-affiliate transactions are exempt from initial margin requirements with certain exceptions but variation margin requirements still apply. we expect that our margin requirements will continue to increase as the rules phase in. japanese regulators have implemented broadly similar rules and regulators in other major jurisdictions are expected to do so over the next several quarters.
see “business — regulation” in part i, item 1 of this form 10-k for further information about regulations that may impact us in the future.
off-balance-sheet arrangements and contractual obligations off-balance-sheet arrangements we have various types of off-balance-sheet arrangements that we enter into in the ordinary course of business. our involvement in these arrangements can take many different forms, including:
•   purchasing or retaining residual and other interests in special purpose entities such as mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securitization vehicles;
•   holding senior and subordinated debt, interests in limited and general partnerships, and preferred and common stock in other nonconsolidated vehicles;
•   entering into interest rate, foreign currency, equity, commodity and credit derivatives, including total return swaps;
•   providing guarantees, indemnifications, commitments, letters of credit and representations and warranties.
we enter into these arrangements for a variety of business purposes, including securitizations. the securitization vehicles that purchase mortgages, corporate bonds, and other types of financial assets are critical to the functioning of several significant investor markets, including the mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securities markets, since they offer investors access to specific cash flows and risks created through the securitization process.
we also enter into these arrangements to underwrite client securitization transactions; provide secondary market liquidity; make investments in performing and nonperforming debt, equity, real estate and other assets; provide investors with credit-linked and asset-repackaged notes; and receive or provide letters of credit to satisfy margin requirements and to facilitate the clearance and settlement process.
our financial interests in, and derivative transactions with, such nonconsolidated entities are generally accounted for at fair value, in the same manner as our other financial instruments, except in cases where we apply the equity method of accounting.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis the table below presents where information about our various off-balance-sheet arrangements may be found in this form 10-k. in addition, see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for information about our consolidation policies.
type of off-balance-sheet arrangement                                                                                            disclosure in form 10-k variable interests and other obligations, including contingent obligations, arising from variable interests in nonconsolidated   see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements.
vies leases, letters of credit, and lending and other commitments                                                                     see “contractual obligations” below and note 18 to the consolidated financial statements.
guarantees                                                                                                                       see “contractual obligations” below and note 18 to the consolidated financial statements.
derivatives                                                                                                                      see “credit risk management — credit exposures — otc derivatives” below and notes 4, 5, 7 and 18 to the consolidated financial statements.
contractual obligations we have certain contractual obligations which require us to make future cash payments. these contractual obligations include our unsecured long-term borrowings, secured long-term financings, time deposits and contractual interest payments, all of which are included in our consolidated statements of financial condition.
our obligations to make future cash payments also include certain off-balance-sheet contractual obligations such as purchase obligations, minimum rental payments under noncancelable leases and commitments and guarantees.
the table below presents our contractual obligations, commitments and guarantees by type.
amounts related to on-balance-sheet obligations time deposits                                                                                                  $ 27,394                  $ 25,748
subordinated liabilities of consolidated vies                                               584                                               501
amounts related to off-balance-sheet arrangements commitments to extend credit                                                                                    112,056                   117,158
contingent and forward starting resale and securities borrowing agreements                                       25,348                    28,874
forward starting repurchase and secured lending agreements                                                        8,939                     5,878
letters of credit                                                                           373                                               249
investment commitments                                                                                            8,444                     6,054
other commitments                                                                                                 6,014                     6,944
securities lending indemnifications                                                                              33,403                    31,902
other financial guarantees                                                                                        3,662                     4,461
the table below presents our contractual obligations, commitments and guarantees by period of expiration.
amounts related to on-balance-sheet obligations time deposits                                                                                  $ —                        $ 11,896                        $ 7,612                     $ 7,886
subordinated liabilities of consolidated vies                                                    —                               —                              —                         584
amounts related to off-balance-sheet arrangements commitments to extend credit                                                                22,358                          24,905                         58,412                       6,381
contingent and forward starting resale and securities borrowing agreements                  25,348                               —                              —                           —
forward starting repurchase and secured lending agreements                                   8,939                               —                              —                           —
letters of credit                                                                   308                                         21                              —                          44
investment commitments                                                                       6,713                             415                 108                                  1,208
other commitments                                                                            5,756                             200                 15                                      43
securities lending indemnifications                                                         33,403                               —                              —                           —
other financial guarantees                                                                   1,064                             763                          1,662                         173
80   goldman sachs 2016 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis in the table above:
•                                                                    the 2017 column includes a total of $1.49 billion of investment commitments to covered funds (as defined by the volcker rule) subject to the volcker rule conformance period. we expect that substantially all of these commitments will not be called. see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for information about the volcker rule conformance period.
•       obligations maturing within one year of our financial statement date or redeemable within one year of our financial statement date at the option of the holders are excluded as they are treated as short-term obligations.
•                             obligations that are repayable prior to maturity at our option are reflected at their contractual maturity dates and obligations that are redeemable prior to maturity at the option of the holders are reflected at the earliest dates such options become exercisable.
•                          amounts included in the table do not necessarily reflect the actual future cash flow requirements for these arrangements because commitments and guarantees represent notional amounts and may expire unused or be reduced or cancelled at the counterparty’s request.
•                     due to the uncertainty of the timing and amounts that will ultimately be paid, our liability for unrecognized tax benefits has been excluded. see note 24 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our unrecognized tax benefits.
•         as of december 2016, unsecured long-term borrowings includes $7.43 billion of adjustments to the carrying value of certain unsecured long-term borrowings resulting from the application of hedge accounting.
•                               as of december 2016, the aggregate contractual principal amount of secured long-term financings and unsecured long-term borrowings for which the fair value option was elected exceeded the related fair value by $361 million and $1.56 billion, respectively.
•                                    contractual interest payments represents estimated future interest payments related to unsecured long-term borrowings, secured long-term financings and time deposits based on applicable interest rates as of december 2016, and includes stated coupons, if any, on structured notes.
see notes 15 and 18 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our short-term borrowings, and commitments and guarantees, respectively.
as of december 2016, our unsecured long-term borrowings were $189.09 billion, with maturities extending to 2056, and consisted principally of senior borrowings. see note 16 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our unsecured long-term borrowings.
as of december 2016, our future minimum rental payments, net of minimum sublease rentals under noncancelable leases, were $1.94 billion. these lease commitments for office space expire on various dates through 2069. certain agreements are subject to periodic escalation provisions for increases in real estate taxes and other charges. see note 18 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our leases.
our occupancy expenses include costs associated with office space held in excess of our current requirements. this excess space, the cost of which is charged to earnings as incurred, is being held for potential growth or to replace currently occupied space that we may exit in the future. we regularly evaluate our current and future space capacity in relation to current and projected staffing levels. for 2016, we incurred exit costs of approximately $68 million related to office space held in excess of our current requirements. additional occupancy expenses for excess office space were not material for 2016. we may incur exit costs in the future to the extent we (i) reduce our space capacity or (ii) commit to, or occupy, new properties in the locations in which we operate and, consequently, dispose of existing space that had been held for potential growth. these exit costs may be material to our results of operations in a given period.
risk management risks are inherent in our business and include liquidity, market, credit, operational, model, legal, regulatory and reputational risks. for further information about our risk management processes, see “— overview and structure of risk management” below. our risks include the risks across our risk categories, regions or global businesses, as well as those which have uncertain outcomes and have the potential to materially impact our financial results, our liquidity and our reputation. for further information about our areas of risk, see “— liquidity risk management,” “— market risk management,” “— credit risk management,” “— operational risk management” and “— model risk management” below and “risk factors” in part i, item 1a of this form 10-k.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis overview and structure of risk management overview we believe that effective risk management is of primary importance to our success. accordingly, we have comprehensive risk management processes through which we monitor, evaluate and manage the risks we assume in conducting our activities. these include liquidity, market, credit, operational, model, legal, compliance, regulatory and reputational risk exposures. our risk management framework is built around three core components: governance, processes and people.
governance. risk management governance starts with our board, which plays an important role in reviewing and approving risk management policies and practices, both directly and through its committees, including its risk committee. the board also receives regular briefings on firmwide risks, including market risk, liquidity risk, credit risk, operational risk and model risk from our independent control and support functions, including the chief risk officer, and on compliance risk from the head of compliance, on legal and regulatory matters from the general counsel, and on other matters impacting our reputation from the chair of our firmwide client and business standards committee. the chief risk officer, as part of the review of the firmwide risk portfolio, regularly advises the risk committee of the board of relevant risk metrics and material exposures. next, at our most senior levels, our leaders are experienced risk managers, with a sophisticated and detailed understanding of the risks we take. our senior management, and senior managers in our revenue-producing units and independent control and support functions, lead and participate in risk-oriented committees. independent control and support functions include compliance, the conflicts resolution group (conflicts), controllers, credit risk management and advisory (credit risk management), human capital management, legal, liquidity risk management and analysis (liquidity risk management), market risk management and analysis (market risk management), model risk management, operations, operational risk management and analysis (operational risk management), tax, technology and treasury.
our governance structure provides the protocol and responsibility for decision-making on risk management issues and ensures implementation of those decisions. we make extensive use of risk-related committees that meet regularly and serve as an important means to facilitate and foster ongoing discussions to identify, manage and mitigate risks.
we maintain strong communication about risk and we have a culture of collaboration in decision-making among the revenue-producing units, independent control and support functions, committees and senior management. while we believe that the first line of defense in managing risk rests with the managers in our revenue-producing units, we dedicate extensive resources to independent control and support functions in order to ensure a strong oversight structure and an appropriate segregation of duties. we regularly reinforce our strong culture of escalation and accountability across all divisions and functions.
processes. we maintain various processes and procedures that are critical components of our risk management. first and foremost is our daily discipline of marking substantially all of our inventory to current market levels. we carry our inventory at fair value, with changes in valuation reflected immediately in our risk management systems and in net revenues. we do so because we believe this discipline is one of the most effective tools for assessing and managing risk and that it provides transparent and realistic insight into our financial exposures.
we also apply a rigorous framework of limits to control risk across transactions, products, businesses and markets. this includes approval of limits at firmwide, business and product levels by the risk committee of the board. in addition, the firmwide risk committee is responsible for approving our risk limits framework, subject to the overall limits approved by the risk committee of the board, at a variety of levels and monitoring these limits on a daily basis. the risk governance committee (through delegated authority from the firmwide risk committee) is responsible for approving limits at firmwide, business and product levels. certain limits may be set at levels that will require periodic adjustment, rather than at levels which reflect our maximum risk appetite. this fosters an ongoing dialogue on risk among revenue-producing units, independent control and support functions, committees and senior management, as well as rapid escalation of risk-related matters. see “liquidity risk management,” “market risk management” and “credit risk management” for further information about our risk limits.
82   goldman sachs 2016 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis active management of our positions is another important process. proactive mitigation of our market and credit exposures minimizes the risk that we will be required to take outsized actions during periods of stress.
we also focus on the rigor and effectiveness of our risk systems. the goal of our risk management technology is to get the right information to the right people at the right time, which requires systems that are comprehensive, reliable and timely. we devote significant time and resources to our risk management technology to ensure that it consistently provides us with complete, accurate and timely information.
people. even the best technology serves only as a tool for helping to make informed decisions in real time about the risks we are taking. ultimately, effective risk management requires our people to interpret our risk data on an ongoing and timely basis and adjust risk positions accordingly. in both our revenue-producing units and our independent control and support functions, the experience of our professionals, and their understanding of the nuances and limitations of each risk measure, guide us in assessing exposures and maintaining them within prudent levels.
we reinforce a culture of effective risk management in our training and development programs as well as the way we evaluate performance, and recognize and reward our people. our training and development programs, including certain sessions led by our most senior leaders, are focused on the importance of risk management, client relationships and reputational excellence. as part of our annual performance review process, we assess reputational excellence including how an employee exercises good risk management and reputational judgment, and adheres to our code of conduct and compliance policies. our review and reward processes are designed to communicate and reinforce to our professionals the link between behavior and how people are recognized, the need to focus on our clients and our reputation, and the need to always act in accordance with the highest standards of the firm.
structure ultimate oversight of risk is the responsibility of our board. the board oversees risk both directly and through its committees, including its risk committee. within the firm, a series of committees with specific risk management mandates have oversight or decision-making responsibilities for risk management activities. committee membership generally consists of senior managers from both our revenue-producing units and our independent control and support functions. we have established procedures for these committees to ensure that appropriate information barriers are in place. our primary risk committees, most of which also have additional sub-committees or working groups, are described below. in addition to these committees, we have other risk-oriented committees which provide oversight for different businesses, activities, products, regions and legal entities. all of our firmwide, regional and divisional committees have responsibility for considering the impact of transactions and activities which they oversee on our reputation.
membership of our risk committees is reviewed regularly and updated to reflect changes in the responsibilities of the committee members. accordingly, the length of time that members serve on the respective committees varies as determined by the committee chairs and based on the responsibilities of the members.
in addition, independent control and support functions, which report to the chief executive officer, the presidents and co-chief operating officers, the chief financial officer or the chief risk officer, are responsible for day-to-day oversight or monitoring of risk, as illustrated in the chart below and as described in greater detail in the following sections. internal audit, which reports to the audit committee of the board and includes professionals with a broad range of audit and industry experience, including risk management expertise, is responsible for independently assessing and validating key controls within the risk management framework.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis the chart below presents an overview of our risk management governance structure, including the reporting relationships of our independent control and support functions.
management committee. the management committee oversees our global activities, including all of our independent control and support functions. it provides this oversight directly and through authority delegated to committees it has established. this committee is comprised of our most senior leaders, and is chaired by our chief executive officer. most members of the management committee are also members of other firmwide, divisional and regional committees. the following are the committees that are principally involved in firmwide risk management.
firmwide client and business standards committee. the firmwide client and business standards committee assesses and makes determinations regarding business standards and practices, reputational risk management, client relationships and client service, is chaired by one of our presidents and co-chief operating officers (who is appointed as chair by the chief executive officer), and reports to the management committee. this committee also has responsibility for overseeing recommendations of the business standards committee. this committee periodically updates and receives guidance from the public responsibilities committee of the board. this committee has also established certain committees that report to it, including divisional client and business standards committees and risk-related committees.
the following are the risk-related committees that report to the firmwide client and business standards committee:
•                                                                                                 firmwide new activity committee. the firmwide new activity committee is responsible for reviewing new activities and for establishing a process to identify and review previously approved activities that are significant and that have changed in complexity and/or structure or present different reputational and suitability concerns over time to consider whether these activities remain appropriate. this committee is co-chaired by our global treasurer and the chief administrative officer of our investment management division, who are appointed as co-chairs by the chair of the firmwide client and business standards committee.
•                                                                                                firmwide reputational risk committee. the firmwide reputational risk committee is responsible for assessing reputational risks arising from transactions that have been identified as requiring mandatory escalation to the firmwide reputational risk committee or that otherwise have potential heightened reputational risk. this committee is chaired by one of our presidents and co-chief operating officers (who is appointed as chair by the chief executive officer), and the vice-chairs are the head of compliance and the head of the conflicts resolution group, who are appointed as vice-chairs by the chair of the firmwide client and business standards committee.
•                                                                                                firmwide suitability committee. the firmwide suitability committee is responsible for setting standards and policies for product, transaction and client suitability and providing a forum for consistency across divisions, regions and products on suitability assessments. this committee also reviews suitability matters escalated from other committees. this committee is co-chaired by the deputy head of compliance, and the chief strategy officer of the securities division and co-head of fixed income, currency and commodities sales, who are appointed as co-chairs by the chair of the firmwide client and business standards committee.
84   goldman sachs 2016 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis firmwide risk committee. the firmwide risk committee is globally responsible for the ongoing monitoring and management of our financial risks. the firmwide risk committee approves our risk limits framework, metrics and methodologies, reviews results of stress tests and scenario analyses, and provides oversight over model risk. this committee is co-chaired by our chief financial officer and our chief risk officer (who are appointed as co-chairs by the chief executive officer), and reports to the management committee. the following are the primary committees that report to the firmwide risk committee:
•                                                                                            credit policy committee. the credit policy committee establishes and reviews broad firmwide credit policies and parameters that are implemented by credit risk management. this committee is co-chaired by a deputy chief risk officer and the head of credit risk management for our securities division, who are appointed as co-chairs by our chief risk officer.
•                                                                                                firmwide finance committee. the firmwide finance committee has oversight responsibility for liquidity risk, the size and composition of our balance sheet and capital base, and credit ratings. this committee regularly reviews our liquidity, balance sheet, funding position and capitalization, approves related policies, and makes recommendations as to any adjustments to be made in light of current events, risks, exposures and regulatory requirements. as a part of such oversight, among other things, this committee reviews and approves balance sheet limits and the size of our gcla. this committee is co-chaired by our chief risk officer and our global treasurer, who are appointed as co-chairs by the firmwide risk committee.
•                                                                                               firmwide investment policy committee. the firmwide investment policy committee reviews, approves, sets policies, and provides oversight for certain illiquid principal investments, including review of risk management and controls for these types of investments. this committee is co-chaired by the head of our merchant banking division, a co-head of our securities division and a deputy general counsel, who are appointed as co-chairs by our presidents and co-chief operating officers and our chief financial officer.
•                                                                                                firmwide model risk control committee. the firmwide model risk control committee is responsible for oversight of the development and implementation of model risk controls, which includes governance, policies and procedures related to our reliance on financial models. this committee is chaired by a deputy chief risk officer, who is appointed as chair by the firmwide risk committee.
•                                                                                               firmwide operational risk committee. the firmwide operational risk committee provides oversight of the ongoing development and implementation of our operational risk policies, framework and methodologies, and monitors the effectiveness of operational risk management. this committee is co-chaired by managing directors in credit risk management and operational risk management, who are appointed as co-chairs by our chief risk officer.
•                                                                                              firmwide technology risk committee. the firmwide technology risk committee reviews matters related to the design, development, deployment and use of technology. this committee oversees cyber security matters, as well as technology risk management frameworks and methodologies, and monitors their effectiveness.
this committee is co-chaired by our chief information officer and the head of global investment research, who are appointed as co-chairs by the firmwide risk committee.
•                                                                                                  firmwide volcker oversight committee. the firmwide volcker oversight committee is responsible for the oversight and periodic review of the implementation of our volcker rule compliance program, as approved by the board, and other volcker rule-related matters. this committee is co-chaired by a deputy chief risk officer and the deputy head of compliance, who are appointed as co-chairs by the co-chairs of the firmwide risk committee.
•                                                                                                   global business resilience committee. the global business resilience committee is responsible for oversight of business resilience initiatives, promoting increased levels of security and resilience, and reviewing certain operating risks related to business resilience. this committee is chaired by our chief administrative officer, who is appointed as chair by the firmwide risk committee.
•                                                                                                   risk governance committee. the risk governance committee
(through delegated authority from the firmwide risk committee) is globally responsible for the ongoing approval and monitoring of risk frameworks, policies, parameters and limits, at firmwide, business and product levels. this committee is chaired by our chief risk officer, who is appointed as chair by the co-chairs of the firmwide risk committee.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis the following committees report jointly to the firmwide risk committee and the firmwide client and business standards committee:
•                                                                                                   firmwide capital committee. the firmwide capital committee provides approval and oversight of debt-related transactions, including principal commitments of our capital. this committee aims to ensure that business and reputational standards for underwritings and capital commitments are maintained on a global basis. this committee is co-chaired by the head of credit risk management for our investment banking division, investment management division and merchant banking division, and the head of the europe, middle east and africa (emea) financing group.
the co-chairs of the firmwide capital committee are appointed by the co-chairs of the firmwide risk committee.
•                                                                                                    firmwide commitments committee. the firmwide commitments committee reviews our underwriting and distribution activities with respect to equity and equity-related product offerings, and sets and maintains policies and procedures designed to ensure that legal, reputational, regulatory and business standards are maintained on a global basis. in addition to reviewing specific transactions, this committee periodically conducts general strategic reviews of sectors and products and establishes policies in connection with transaction practices. this committee is co-chaired by the chairman of the financial institutions group in our investment banking division, the co-head of the industrials group in our investment banking division, our chief underwriting officer, and a managing director in risk management, who are appointed as co-chairs by the chair of the firmwide client and business standards committee.
conflicts management conflicts of interest and our approach to dealing with them are fundamental to our client relationships, our reputation and our long-term success. the term “conflict of interest” does not have a universally accepted meaning, and conflicts can arise in many forms within a business or between businesses. the responsibility for identifying potential conflicts, as well as complying with our policies and procedures, is shared by the entire firm.
we have a multilayered approach to resolving conflicts and addressing reputational risk. our senior management oversees policies related to conflicts resolution, and, in conjunction with conflicts, legal and compliance, the firmwide client and business standards committee, and other internal committees, formulates policies, standards and principles, and assists in making judgments regarding the appropriate resolution of particular conflicts. resolving potential conflicts necessarily depends on the facts and circumstances of a particular situation and the application of experienced and informed judgment.
as a general matter, conflicts reviews financing and advisory assignments in investment banking and certain investing, lending and other activities of the firm. in addition, we have various transaction oversight committees, such as the firmwide capital, commitments and suitability committees and other committees that also review new underwritings, loans, investments and structured products. these groups and committees work with internal and external counsel and compliance to evaluate and address any actual or potential conflicts. conflicts reports to one of our presidents and co-chief operating officers.
we regularly assess our policies and procedures that address conflicts of interest in an effort to conduct our business in accordance with the highest ethical standards and in compliance with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations.
86   goldman sachs 2016 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis liquidity risk management overview liquidity risk is the risk that we will be unable to fund the firm or meet our liquidity needs in the event of firm-specific, broader industry, or market liquidity stress events. liquidity is of critical importance to us, as most of the failures of financial institutions have occurred in large part due to insufficient liquidity. accordingly, we have in place a comprehensive and conservative set of liquidity and funding policies. our principal objective is to be able to fund the firm and to enable our core businesses to continue to serve clients and generate revenues, even under adverse circumstances.
treasury has the primary responsibility for assessing, monitoring and managing our liquidity and funding strategy. treasury is independent of the revenue-producing units and reports to our chief financial officer.
liquidity risk management is an independent risk management function responsible for control and oversight of our liquidity risk management framework, including stress testing and limit governance. liquidity risk management is independent of the revenue-producing units and treasury, and reports to our chief risk officer.
liquidity risk management principles we manage liquidity risk according to three principles (i) hold sufficient excess liquidity in the form of global core liquid assets (gcla) to cover outflows during a stressed period, (ii) maintain appropriate asset-liability management and (iii) maintain a viable contingency funding plan.
global core liquid assets. gcla is liquidity that we maintain to meet a broad range of potential cash outflows and collateral needs in a stressed environment. our most important liquidity policy is to pre-fund our estimated potential cash and collateral needs during a liquidity crisis and hold this liquidity in the form of unencumbered, highly liquid securities and cash. we believe that the securities held in our gcla would be readily convertible to cash in a matter of days, through liquidation, by entering into repurchase agreements or from maturities of resale agreements, and that this cash would allow us to meet immediate obligations without needing to sell other assets or depend on additional funding from credit-sensitive markets.
our gcla reflects the following principles:
•   the first days or weeks of a liquidity crisis are the most critical to a company’s survival;
•                                                                      focus must be maintained on all potential cash and collateral outflows, not just disruptions to financing flows. our businesses are diverse, and our liquidity needs are determined by many factors, including market movements, collateral requirements and client commitments, all of which can change dramatically in a difficult funding environment;
•                                         during a liquidity crisis, credit-sensitive funding, including unsecured debt and some types of secured financing agreements, may be unavailable, and the terms (e.g., interest rates, collateral provisions and tenor) or availability of other types of secured financing may change; and
•                                                                          as a result of our policy to pre-fund liquidity that we estimate may be needed in a crisis, we hold more unencumbered securities and have larger debt balances than our businesses would otherwise require. we believe that our liquidity is stronger with greater balances of highly liquid unencumbered securities, even though it increases our total assets and our funding costs.
we maintain our gcla across major broker-dealer and bank subsidiaries, asset types, and clearing agents to provide us with sufficient operating liquidity to ensure timely settlement in all major markets, even in a difficult funding environment. in addition to the gcla, we maintain cash balances in several of our other entities, primarily for use in specific currencies, entities, or jurisdictions where we do not have immediate access to parent company liquidity.
we believe that our gcla provides us with a resilient source of funds that would be available in advance of potential cash and collateral outflows and gives us significant flexibility in managing through a difficult funding environment.
asset-liability management. our liquidity risk management policies are designed to ensure we have a sufficient amount of financing, even when funding markets experience persistent stress. we manage the maturities and diversity of our funding across markets, products and counterparties, and seek to maintain a long-dated and diversified funding profile, taking into consideration the characteristics and liquidity profile of our assets.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis our approach to asset-liability management includes:
•                                  conservatively managing the overall characteristics of our funding book, with a focus on maintaining long-term, diversified sources of funding in excess of our current requirements. see “balance sheet and funding sources — funding sources” for additional details;
•                                                                          actively managing and monitoring our asset base, with particular focus on the liquidity, holding period and our ability to fund assets on a secured basis. we assess our funding requirements and our ability to liquidate assets in a stressed environment while appropriately managing risk. this enables us to determine the most appropriate funding products and tenors. see “balance sheet and funding sources — balance sheet management” for more detail on our balance sheet management process and “— funding sources — secured funding” for more detail on asset classes that may be harder to fund on a secured basis; and
•                                                                       raising secured and unsecured financing that has a long tenor relative to the liquidity profile of our assets.
this reduces the risk that our liabilities will come due in advance of our ability to generate liquidity from the sale of our assets. because we maintain a highly liquid balance sheet, the holding period of certain of our assets may be materially shorter than their contractual maturity dates.
our goal is to ensure that we maintain sufficient liquidity to fund our assets and meet our contractual and contingent obligations in normal times as well as during periods of market stress. through our dynamic balance sheet management process, we use actual and projected asset balances to determine secured and unsecured funding requirements. funding plans are reviewed and approved by the firmwide finance committee on a quarterly basis. in addition, senior managers in our independent control and support functions regularly analyze, and the firmwide finance committee reviews, our consolidated total capital position (unsecured long-term borrowings plus total shareholders’ equity) so that we maintain a level of long-term funding that is sufficient to meet our long-term financing requirements. in a liquidity crisis, we would first use our gcla in order to avoid reliance on asset sales (other than our gcla). however, we recognize that orderly asset sales may be prudent or necessary in a severe or persistent liquidity crisis.
subsidiary funding policies the majority of our unsecured funding is raised by group inc. which lends the necessary funds to its subsidiaries, some of which are regulated, to meet their asset financing, liquidity and capital requirements. in addition, group inc. provides its regulated subsidiaries with the necessary capital to meet their regulatory requirements. the benefits of this approach to subsidiary funding are enhanced control and greater flexibility to meet the funding requirements of our subsidiaries. funding is also raised at the subsidiary level through a variety of products, including secured funding, unsecured borrowings and deposits.
our intercompany funding policies assume that, unless legally provided for, a subsidiary’s funds or securities are not freely available to its parent or other subsidiaries. in particular, many of our subsidiaries are subject to laws that authorize regulatory bodies to block or reduce the flow of funds from those subsidiaries to group inc. regulatory action of that kind could impede access to funds that group inc. needs to make payments on its obligations. accordingly, we assume that the capital provided to our regulated subsidiaries is not available to group inc. or other subsidiaries and any other financing provided to our regulated subsidiaries is not available until the maturity of such financing.
group inc. has provided substantial amounts of equity and subordinated indebtedness, directly or indirectly, to its regulated subsidiaries. for example, as of december 2016, group inc. had $30.09 billion of equity and subordinated indebtedness invested in gs&co., its principal u.s. registered broker-dealer; $36.94 billion invested in gsi, a regulated u.k. broker-dealer; $2.62 billion invested in goldman sachs japan co., ltd. (gsjcl), a regulated japanese broker-dealer; $26.61 billion invested in gs bank usa, a regulated new york state-chartered bank; and $3.77 billion invested in gsib, a regulated u.k. bank. group inc. also provided, directly or indirectly, $97.77 billion of unsubordinated loans (including secured loans of $49.90 billion), and $19.60 billion of collateral and cash deposits to these entities, substantially all of which was to gs&co., gsi, gsjcl and gs bank usa, as of december 2016. in addition, as of december 2016, group inc. had significant amounts of capital invested in and loans to its other regulated subsidiaries.
88   goldman sachs 2016 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis contingency funding plan. we maintain a contingency funding plan to provide a framework for analyzing and responding to a liquidity crisis situation or periods of market stress. our contingency funding plan outlines a list of potential risk factors, key reports and metrics that are reviewed on an ongoing basis to assist in assessing the severity of, and managing through, a liquidity crisis and/or market dislocation. the contingency funding plan also describes in detail our potential responses if our assessments indicate that we have entered a liquidity crisis, which include pre-funding for what we estimate will be our potential cash and collateral needs as well as utilizing secondary sources of liquidity. mitigants and action items to address specific risks which may arise are also described and assigned to individuals responsible for execution.
the contingency funding plan identifies key groups of individuals to foster effective coordination, control and distribution of information, all of which are critical in the management of a crisis or period of market stress. the contingency funding plan also details the responsibilities of these groups and individuals, which include making and disseminating key decisions, coordinating all contingency activities throughout the duration of the crisis or period of market stress, implementing liquidity maintenance activities and managing internal and external communication.
liquidity stress tests in order to determine the appropriate size of our gcla, we use an internal liquidity model, referred to as the modeled liquidity outflow, which captures and quantifies our liquidity risks. we also consider other factors including, but not limited to, an assessment of our potential intraday liquidity needs through an additional internal liquidity model, referred to as the intraday liquidity model, the results of our long-term stress testing models, applicable regulatory requirements and a qualitative assessment of the condition of the financial markets and the firm. the results of the modeled liquidity outflow, the intraday liquidity model and the long-term stress testing models are reported to senior management on a regular basis.
modeled liquidity outflow. our modeled liquidity outflow is based on conducting multiple scenarios that include combinations of market-wide and firm-specific stress. these scenarios are characterized by the following qualitative elements:
•                     severely challenged market environments, including low consumer and corporate confidence, financial and political instability, adverse changes in market values, including potential declines in equity markets and widening of credit spreads; and
•   a firm-specific crisis potentially triggered by material losses, reputational damage, litigation, executive departure, and/or a ratings downgrade.
the following are the critical modeling parameters of the modeled liquidity outflow:
•   liquidity needs over a 30-day scenario;
•   a two-notch downgrade of our long-term senior unsecured credit ratings;
•                                        a combination of contractual outflows, such as upcoming maturities of unsecured debt, and contingent outflows
(e.g., actions though not contractually required, we may deem necessary in a crisis). we assume that most contingent outflows will occur within the initial days and weeks of a crisis;
•   no issuance of equity or unsecured debt;
•   no support from additional government funding facilities. although we have access to various central bank funding programs, we do not assume reliance on additional sources of funding in a liquidity crisis; and
the potential contractual and contingent cash and collateral outflows covered in our modeled liquidity outflow include:
•      contractual: all upcoming maturities of unsecured long-term debt, commercial paper, and other unsecured funding products. we assume that we will be unable to issue new unsecured debt or rollover any maturing debt.
•   contingent: repurchases of our outstanding long-term debt, commercial paper and hybrid financial instruments in the ordinary course of business as a market maker.
deposits
•   contractual: all upcoming maturities of term deposits. we assume that we will be unable to raise new term deposits or rollover any maturing term deposits.
•                  contingent: partial withdrawals of deposits that have no contractual maturity. the withdrawal assumptions reflect, among other factors, the type of deposit, whether the deposit is insured or uninsured, and our relationship with the depositor.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis secured funding
•                                                                        contractual: a portion of upcoming contractual maturities of secured funding due to either the inability to refinance or the ability to refinance only at wider haircuts (i.e., on terms which require us to post additional collateral). our assumptions reflect, among other factors, the quality of the underlying collateral, counterparty roll probabilities
(our assessment of the counterparty’s likelihood of continuing to provide funding on a secured basis at the maturity of the trade) and counterparty concentration.
•   contingent: adverse changes in the value of financial assets pledged as collateral for financing transactions, which would necessitate additional collateral postings under those transactions.
•   contingent: collateral postings to counterparties due to adverse changes in the value of our otc derivatives, excluding those that are cleared and settled through central counterparties (otc-cleared).
•                                                                      contingent: other outflows of cash or collateral related to otc derivatives, excluding otc-cleared, including the impact of trade terminations, collateral substitutions, collateral disputes, loss of rehypothecation rights, collateral calls or termination payments required by a two-notch downgrade in our credit ratings, and collateral that has not been called by counterparties, but is available to them.
exchange-traded and otc-cleared derivatives
•   contingent: variation margin postings required due to adverse changes in the value of our outstanding exchange-traded and otc-cleared derivatives.
•   contingent: an increase in initial margin and guaranty fund requirements by derivative clearing houses.
customer cash and securities
•       contingent: liquidity outflows associated with our prime brokerage business, including withdrawals of customer credit balances, and a reduction in customer short positions, which may serve as a funding source for long positions.
firm securities
•   contingent: liquidity outflows associated with a reduction or composition change in firm short positions, which may serve as a funding source for long positions.
unfunded commitments
•   contingent: draws on our unfunded commitments. draw assumptions reflect, among other things, the type of commitment and counterparty.
intraday liquidity model. our intraday liquidity model measures our intraday liquidity needs using a scenario analysis characterized by the same qualitative elements as our modeled liquidity outflow. the model assesses the risk of increased intraday liquidity requirements during a scenario where access to sources of intraday liquidity may become constrained.
the following are key modeling elements of the intraday liquidity model:
•   liquidity needs over a one-day settlement period;
•   a reduction in the availability of intraday credit lines at our third-party clearing agents; and
•   higher settlement volumes due to an increase in activity.
long-term stress testing. we utilize a longer-term stress test to take a forward view on our liquidity position through a prolonged stress period in which we experience a severe liquidity stress and recover in an environment that continues to be challenging. we are focused on ensuring conservative asset-liability management to prepare for a prolonged period of potential stress, seeking to maintain a long-dated and diversified funding profile, taking into consideration the characteristics and liquidity profile of our assets.
we also perform stress tests on a regular basis as part of our routine risk management processes and conduct tailored stress tests on an ad hoc or product-specific basis in response to market developments.
model review and validation treasury regularly refines our modeled liquidity outflow, intraday liquidity model and our other stress testing models to reflect changes in market or economic conditions and our business mix. any changes, including model assumptions, are assessed and approved by liquidity risk management.
model risk management is responsible for the independent review and validation of our liquidity models. see “model risk management” for further information about the review and validation of these models.
90   goldman sachs 2016 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis limits we use liquidity limits at various levels and across liquidity risk types to manage the size of our liquidity exposures. limits are measured relative to acceptable levels of risk given our liquidity risk tolerance. the purpose of the firmwide limits is to assist senior management in monitoring and controlling our overall liquidity profile.
the risk committee of the board and the firmwide finance committee approve liquidity risk limits at the firmwide level. limits are reviewed frequently and amended, with required approvals, on a permanent and temporary basis, as appropriate, to reflect changing market or business conditions.
our liquidity risk limits are monitored by treasury and liquidity risk management. treasury is responsible for identifying and escalating, on a timely basis, instances where limits have been exceeded.
gcla and unencumbered metrics gcla. based on the results of our internal liquidity risk models, described above, as well as our consideration of other factors including, but not limited to, an assessment of our potential intraday liquidity needs and a qualitative assessment of the condition of the financial markets and the firm, we believe our liquidity position as of both december 2016 and december 2015 was appropriate. as of december 2016 and december 2015, the fair value of the securities and certain overnight cash deposits included in our gcla totaled $226.07 billion and $199.12 billion, respectively. the increase in our gcla from december 2015 to december 2016 is primarily a result of the acquisition of ge capital bank’s online deposit platform in april 2016. see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about this acquisition. the fair value of our gcla averaged $211.10 billion and $187.75 billion for the years ended december 2016 and december 2015, respectively.
the table below presents the average fair value of the securities and certain overnight cash deposits that are included in our gcla.
average for the year ended december
the u.s. dollar-denominated gcla is composed of (i) unencumbered u.s. government and federal agency obligations (including highly liquid u.s. federal agency mortgage-backed obligations), all of which are eligible as collateral in federal reserve open market operations and (ii) certain overnight u.s. dollar cash deposits. the non-u.s. dollar-denominated gcla is composed of only unencumbered german, french, japanese and u.k. government obligations and certain overnight cash deposits in highly liquid currencies. we strictly limit our gcla to this narrowly defined list of securities and cash because they are highly liquid, even in a difficult funding environment. we do not include other potential sources of excess liquidity in our gcla, such as less liquid unencumbered securities or committed credit facilities.
the table below presents the average fair value of our gcla by asset class.
average for the year ended december
overnight cash deposits                              $ 92,336                     $ 61,407
u.s. federal agency obligations                        13,645                       11,413
we maintain our gcla to enable us to meet current and potential liquidity requirements of our parent company, group inc., and its subsidiaries. our modeled liquidity outflow and intraday liquidity model incorporate a consolidated requirement for group inc. as well as a standalone requirement for each of our major broker-dealer and bank subsidiaries. liquidity held directly in each of these major subsidiaries is intended for use only by that subsidiary to meet its liquidity requirements and is assumed not to be available to group inc. unless (i) legally provided for and (ii) there are no additional regulatory, tax or other restrictions. in addition, the modeled liquidity outflow and intraday liquidity model also incorporate a broader assessment of standalone liquidity requirements for other subsidiaries and we hold a portion of our gcla directly at group inc. to support such requirements.
average for the year ended december
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis other unencumbered assets. in addition to our gcla, we have a significant amount of other unencumbered cash and financial instruments, including other government obligations, high-grade money market securities, corporate obligations, marginable equities, loans and cash deposits not included in our gcla. beginning in january 2016, to be consistent with changes in the manner in which management views unencumbered assets, we included certain loans within our unencumbered assets. the fair value of our unencumbered assets averaged $142.33 billion and $90.36 billion for the years ended december 2016 and december 2015, respectively. had these loans been included as of december 2015, the fair value of our unencumbered assets would have increased by $44.45 billion. we do not consider these assets liquid enough to be eligible for our gcla.
liquidity regulatory framework the final rules on minimum liquidity standards approved by the u.s. federal bank regulatory agencies call for a liquidity coverage ratio (lcr) designed to ensure that banking organizations maintain an adequate level of unencumbered high-quality liquid assets (hqla) based on expected net cash outflows under an acute short-term liquidity stress scenario. our gcla is substantially the same in composition as the assets that qualify as hqla under these rules.
the lcr became effective in the u.s. on january 1, 2015, with a phase-in period whereby firms had an 80% minimum in 2015, which increased by 10% per year until 2017. in december 2016, the federal reserve board issued a final rule that requires bank holding companies to disclose, on a quarterly basis beginning with the second quarter of 2017, lcr averages over the quarter, quantitative and qualitative information on certain components of the lcr calculation and projected net cash outflows. for the three months ended december 2016, our average lcr exceeded the fully phased-in minimum requirement, based on our interpretation and understanding of the finalized framework, which may evolve as we review our interpretation and application with our regulators.
in addition, in the second quarter of 2016, the u.s. federal bank regulatory agencies issued a proposed rule that calls for a net stable funding ratio (nsfr) for large u.s. banking organizations. the proposal would require banking organizations to ensure they have access to stable funding over a one-year time horizon. the proposed nsfr requirement has an effective date of january 1, 2018, including quarterly disclosure of the ratio, as well as a description of the banking organization’s stable funding sources. based on our interpretation of the current proposal, we estimate that as of december 2016, our nsfr was slightly lower than the proposed requirement; however, we expect that we will be compliant with the requirement by the effective date.
the following is information on our subsidiary liquidity regulatory requirements:
•                                                                                            gs bank usa. gs bank usa is subject to minimum liquidity standards under the lcr rule approved by the u.s. federal bank regulatory agencies that became effective on january 1, 2015, with the same phase-in through 2017 described above. the u.s. federal bank regulatory agencies’ proposed rule on the nsfr described above would also apply to gs bank usa.
•                                                                                        gsi. the lcr rule issued by the u.k. regulatory authorities became effective in the u.k. on october 1, 2015, with a phase-in period whereby certain financial institutions, including gsi, were required to have an 80% minimum ratio initially, increasing to 90% on january 1, 2017 and 100% on january 1, 2018.
•                                                                                             other subsidiaries. we monitor the local regulatory liquidity requirements of our subsidiaries to ensure compliance. for many of our subsidiaries, these requirements either have changed or are likely to change in the future due to the implementation of the basel committee’s framework for liquidity risk measurement, standards and monitoring, as well as other regulatory developments.
the implementation of these rules, and any amendments adopted by the applicable regulatory authorities, could impact our liquidity and funding requirements and practices in the future.
92   goldman sachs 2016 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis credit ratings we rely on the short-term and long-term debt capital markets to fund a significant portion of our day-to-day operations and the cost and availability of debt financing is influenced by our credit ratings. credit ratings are also important when we are competing in certain markets, such as otc derivatives, and when we seek to engage in longer-term transactions. see “risk factors” in part i, item 1a of this form 10-k for information about the risks associated with a reduction in our credit ratings.
the table below presents the unsecured credit ratings and outlook of group inc. by dbrs, inc. (dbrs), fitch, inc. (fitch), moody’s investors service (moody’s), standard & poor’s ratings services (s&p), and rating and investment information, inc. (r&i).
dbrs                      fitch                moody’s               s&amp;p               r&amp;i short-term debt         r-1 (middle   )           f1                   p-2                   a-2                   a-1
•   the ratings for trust preferred relate to the guaranteed preferred beneficial interests issued by goldman sachs capital i.
•   the dbrs, fitch, moody’s and s&amp;p ratings for preferred stock include the apex issued by goldman sachs capital ii and goldman sachs capital iii.
the table below presents the unsecured credit ratings and outlook of gs bank usa, gsib, gs&co. and gsi, by fitch, moody’s and s&p.
fitch                moody’s               s&amp;p gs bank usa short-term debt                f1                   p-1                   a-1
short-term bank deposits       f1+                  p-1                   n/a long-term bank deposits        aa-                  a1                    n/a ratings outlook                stable               stable                stable gsib short-term debt                f1                   p-1                   a-1
short-term bank deposits       f1                   p-1                   n/a long-term bank deposits        a                    a1                    n/a ratings outlook                stable               stable                stable gs&amp;co.
ratings outlook                stable               stable                stable during the fourth quarter of 2016, fitch changed the outlook of gsib and gsi from positive to stable. additionally, s&p upgraded the long-term debt ratings of gs bank usa, gsib, gs&co. and gsi from a to a+, and changed the outlook from watch positive to stable.
we believe our credit ratings are primarily based on the credit rating agencies’ assessment of:
•   our liquidity, market, credit and operational risk management practices;
•   the level and variability of our earnings;
•   our capital base;
•   our franchise, reputation and management;
•   our corporate governance; and
•   the external operating and economic environment, including, in some cases, the assumed level of government support or other systemic considerations, such as potential resolution.
certain of our derivatives have been transacted under bilateral agreements with counterparties who may require us to post collateral or terminate the transactions based on changes in our credit ratings. we assess the impact of these bilateral agreements by determining the collateral or termination payments that would occur assuming a downgrade by all rating agencies. a downgrade by any one rating agency, depending on the agency’s relative ratings of us at the time of the downgrade, may have an impact which is comparable to the impact of a downgrade by all rating agencies. we manage our gcla to ensure we would, among other potential requirements, be able to make the additional collateral or termination payments that may be required in the event of a two-notch reduction in our long-term credit ratings, as well as collateral that has not been called by counterparties, but is available to them.
the table below presents the additional collateral or termination payments related to our net derivative liabilities under bilateral agreements that could have been called at the reporting date by counterparties in the event of a one-notch and two-notch downgrade in our credit ratings.
additional collateral or termination payments:
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis cash flows as a global financial institution, our cash flows are complex and bear little relation to our net earnings and net assets. consequently, we believe that traditional cash flow analysis is less meaningful in evaluating our liquidity position than the liquidity and asset-liability management policies described above. cash flow analysis may, however, be helpful in highlighting certain macro trends and strategic initiatives in our businesses.
year ended december 2016. our cash and cash equivalents increased by $28.27 billion to $121.71 billion at the end of 2016. we generated $9.27 billion in net cash from investing activities, primarily from net cash acquired in business acquisitions. we generated $19.00 billion in net cash from financing activities and operating activities, primarily from increases in deposits and from net issuances of unsecured long-term borrowings, partially offset by repurchases of common stock.
year ended december 2015. our cash and cash equivalents increased by $18.41 billion to $93.44 billion at the end of 2015. we used $18.57 billion in net cash for investing activities, primarily due to funding of loans receivable. we generated $36.99 billion in net cash from financing activities and operating activities primarily from net issuances of long-term borrowings and bank deposits, partially offset by repurchases of common stock.
year ended december 2014. our cash and cash equivalents decreased by $3.84 billion to $75.03 billion at the end of 2014. we used $22.84 billion in net cash for operating and investing activities, which reflects an initiative to reduce our balance sheet, and the funding of loans receivable. we generated $19.00 billion in net cash from financing activities from an increase in bank deposits and net proceeds from issuances of unsecured long-term borrowings, partially offset by repurchases of common stock.
market risk management overview market risk is the risk of loss in the value of our inventory, as well as certain other financial assets and financial liabilities, due to changes in market conditions. we employ a variety of risk measures, each described in the respective sections below, to monitor market risk. we hold inventory primarily for market making for our clients and for our investing and lending activities. our inventory therefore changes based on client demands and our investment opportunities. our inventory is accounted for at fair value and therefore fluctuates on a daily basis, with the related gains and losses included in “market making” and “other principal transactions.” categories of market risk include the following:
•   interest rate risk: results from exposures to changes in the level, slope and curvature of yield curves, the volatilities of interest rates, mortgage prepayment speeds and credit spreads;
•   equity price risk: results from exposures to changes in prices and volatilities of individual equities, baskets of equities and equity indices;
•   currency rate risk: results from exposures to changes in spot prices, forward prices and volatilities of currency rates; and
•    commodity price risk: results from exposures to changes in spot prices, forward prices and volatilities of commodities, such as crude oil, petroleum products, natural gas, electricity, and precious and base metals.
market risk management, which is independent of the revenue-producing units and reports to our chief risk officer, has primary responsibility for assessing, monitoring and managing our market risk. we monitor and control risks through strong firmwide oversight and independent control and support functions across our global businesses.
managers in revenue-producing units and market risk management discuss market information, positions and estimated risk and loss scenarios on an ongoing basis. managers in revenue-producing units are accountable for managing risk within prescribed limits. these managers have in-depth knowledge of their positions, markets and the instruments available to hedge their exposures.
94   goldman sachs 2016 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis market risk management process we manage our market risk by diversifying exposures, controlling position sizes and establishing economic hedges in related securities or derivatives. this process includes:
•   accurate and timely exposure information incorporating multiple risk metrics;
•   a dynamic limit setting framework; and
•   constant communication among revenue-producing units, risk managers and senior management.
risk measures market risk management produces risk measures and monitors them against established market risk limits. these measures reflect an extensive range of scenarios and the results are aggregated at product, business and firmwide levels.
we use a variety of risk measures to estimate the size of potential losses for both moderate and more extreme market moves over both short-term and long-term time horizons. our primary risk measures are var, which is used for shorter-term periods, and stress tests. our risk reports detail key risks, drivers and changes for each desk and business, and are distributed daily to senior management of both our revenue-producing units and our independent control and support functions.
value-at-risk. var is the potential loss in value due to adverse market movements over a defined time horizon with a specified confidence level. for assets and liabilities included in var, see “financial statement linkages to market risk measures.” we typically employ a one-day time horizon with a 95% confidence level. we use a single var model which captures risks including interest rates, equity prices, currency rates and commodity prices. as such, var facilitates comparison across portfolios of different risk characteristics. var also captures the diversification of aggregated risk at the firmwide level.
we are aware of the inherent limitations to var and therefore use a variety of risk measures in our market risk management process. inherent limitations to var include:
•   var does not take account of the relative liquidity of different risk positions; and
•   previous moves in market risk factors may not produce accurate predictions of all future market moves.
when calculating var, we use historical simulations with full valuation of approximately 70,000 market factors. var is calculated at a position level based on simultaneously shocking the relevant market risk factors for that position. we sample from five years of historical data to generate the scenarios for our var calculation. the historical data is weighted so that the relative importance of the data reduces over time. this gives greater importance to more recent observations and reflects current asset volatilities, which improves the accuracy of our estimates of potential loss. as a result, even if our positions included in var were unchanged, our var would increase with increasing market volatility and vice versa.
given its reliance on historical data, var is most effective in estimating risk exposures in markets in which there are no sudden fundamental changes or shifts in market conditions.
•   positions that are best measured and monitored using sensitivity measures; and
•   the impact of changes in counterparty and our own credit spreads on derivatives, as well as changes in our own credit spreads on unsecured borrowings for which the fair value option was elected.
we perform daily backtesting of our var model (i.e., comparing daily trading net revenues to the var measure calculated as of the prior business day) at the firmwide level and for each of our businesses and major regulated subsidiaries.
stress testing. stress testing is a method of determining the effect of various hypothetical stress scenarios on the firm. we use stress testing to examine risks of specific portfolios as well as the potential impact of significant risk exposures across the firm. we use a variety of stress testing techniques to calculate the potential loss from a wide range of market moves on our portfolios, including sensitivity analysis, scenario analysis and firmwide stress tests. the results of our various stress tests are analyzed together for risk management purposes.
sensitivity analysis is used to quantify the impact of a market move in a single risk factor across all positions (e.g., equity prices or credit spreads) using a variety of defined market shocks, ranging from those that could be expected over a one-day time horizon up to those that could take many months to occur. we also use sensitivity analysis to quantify the impact of the default of any single entity, which captures the risk of large or concentrated exposures.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis scenario analysis is used to quantify the impact of a specified event, including how the event impacts multiple risk factors simultaneously. for example, for sovereign stress testing we calculate potential direct exposure associated with our sovereign inventory as well as the corresponding debt, equity and currency exposures associated with our non-sovereign inventory that may be impacted by the sovereign distress. when conducting scenario analysis, we typically consider a number of possible outcomes for each scenario, ranging from moderate to severely adverse market impacts. in addition, these stress tests are constructed using both historical events and forward-looking hypothetical scenarios.
firmwide stress testing combines market, credit, operational and liquidity risks into a single combined scenario. firmwide stress tests are primarily used to assess capital adequacy as part of our capital planning and stress testing process; however, we also ensure that firmwide stress testing is integrated into our risk governance framework. this includes selecting appropriate scenarios to use for our capital planning and stress testing process. see “equity capital management and regulatory capital — equity capital management” above for further information.
unlike var measures, which have an implied probability because they are calculated at a specified confidence level, there is generally no implied probability that our stress test scenarios will occur. instead, stress tests are used to model both moderate and more extreme moves in underlying market factors. when estimating potential loss, we generally assume that our positions cannot be reduced or hedged (although experience demonstrates that we are generally able to do so).
stress test scenarios are conducted on a regular basis as part of our routine risk management process and on an ad hoc basis in response to market events or concerns. stress testing is an important part of our risk management process because it allows us to quantify our exposure to tail risks, highlight potential loss concentrations, undertake risk/reward analysis, and assess and mitigate our risk positions.
limits. we use risk limits at various levels (including firmwide, business and product) to govern risk appetite by controlling the size of our exposures to market risk. limits are set based on var and on a range of stress tests relevant to our exposures. limits are reviewed frequently and amended on a permanent or temporary basis to reflect changing market conditions, business conditions or tolerance for risk.
the risk committee of the board and the risk governance committee (through delegated authority from the firmwide risk committee) approve market risk limits and sub-limits at firmwide, business and product levels, consistent with our risk appetite. in addition, market risk management (through delegated authority from the risk governance committee) sets market risk limits and sub-limits at certain product and desk levels.
the purpose of the firmwide limits is to assist senior management in controlling our overall risk profile. sub-limits are set below the approved level of risk limits. sub-limits set the desired maximum amount of exposure that may be managed by any particular business on a day-to-day basis without additional levels of senior management approval, effectively leaving day-to-day decisions to individual desk managers and traders. accordingly, sub-limits are a management tool designed to ensure appropriate escalation rather than to establish maximum risk tolerance. sub-limits also distribute risk among various businesses in a manner that is consistent with their level of activity and client demand, taking into account the relative performance of each area.
our market risk limits are monitored daily by market risk management, which is responsible for identifying and escalating, on a timely basis, instances where limits have been exceeded.
when a risk limit has been exceeded (e.g., due to positional changes or changes in market conditions, such as increased volatilities or changes in correlations), it is escalated to senior managers in market risk management and/or the appropriate risk committee. such instances are remediated by an inventory reduction and/or a temporary or permanent increase to the risk limit.
model review and validation our var and stress testing models are regularly reviewed by market risk management and enhanced in order to incorporate changes in the composition of positions included in our market risk measures, as well as variations in market conditions. prior to implementing significant changes to our assumptions and/or models, model risk management performs model validations. significant changes to our var and stress testing models are reviewed with our chief risk officer and chief financial officer, and approved by the firmwide risk committee.
see “model risk management” for further information about the review and validation of these models.
96   goldman sachs 2016 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis systems we have made a significant investment in technology to monitor market risk including:
•   risk measures calculated at individual position levels;
•   attribution of risk measures to individual risk factors of each position;
•   the ability to report many different views of the risk measures (e.g., by desk, business, product type or legal entity); and
•   the ability to produce ad hoc analyses in a timely manner.
metrics we analyze var at the firmwide level and a variety of more detailed levels, including by risk category, business, and region. the tables below present, by risk category, average daily var and period-end var, as well as the high and low var for the period. diversification effect in the tables below represents the difference between total var and the sum of the vars for the four risk categories. this effect arises because the four market risk categories are not perfectly correlated.
equity prices                        25                   26                   26
commodity prices                     17                   20                   21
our average daily var decreased to $63 million in 2016 from $76 million in 2015, primarily reflecting a decrease in the currency rates category, principally due to reduced exposures, and a decrease in the commodity prices category due to lower levels of volatility and reduced exposures.
our average daily var increased to $76 million in 2015 from $72 million in 2014, reflecting an increase in the currency rates category due to higher levels of volatility, partially offset by a decrease in the interest rates category due to decreased exposures.
equity prices                        34                   24                   19
commodity prices                     19                   17                   23
our daily var increased to $82 million as of december 2016 from $67 million as of december 2015, primarily reflecting an increase in the equity prices category, principally due to increased exposures, and a decrease in the diversification benefit across risk categories, partially offset by a decrease in the currency rates category, principally due to lower levels of volatility.
our daily var decreased to $67 million as of december 2015 from $77 million as of december 2014, primarily reflecting decreases in the interest rates and commodity prices categories due to decreased exposures, and an increase in the diversification benefit across risk categories. in addition, the currency rates and equity prices categories increased due to higher levels of volatility.
during 2016 and 2014, the firmwide var risk limit was not exceeded, raised or reduced. during 2015, the firmwide var risk limit was temporarily raised on two occasions in order to facilitate client transactions. separately, in march 2015, the firmwide var risk limit was reduced, reflecting lower risk utilization over the last year.
equity prices              36                    19
commodity prices           28                    13
the high and low total var was $83 million and $47 million, respectively, for the year ended december 2016.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis the chart below reflects our daily var over the last four quarters.
the chart below presents the frequency distribution of our daily trading net revenues for substantially all positions included in var for 2016.
daily trading net revenues are compared with var calculated as of the end of the prior business day. trading losses incurred on a single day did not exceed our 95% one-day var during 2016 and 2015 (i.e., a var exception) and exceeded our 95% one-day var on one occasion during 2014.
during periods in which we have significantly more positive net revenue days than net revenue loss days, we expect to have fewer var exceptions because, under normal conditions, our business model generally produces positive net revenues. in periods in which our franchise revenues are adversely affected, we generally have more loss days, resulting in more var exceptions. the daily market-making revenues used to determine var exceptions reflect the impact of any intraday activity, including bid/offer net revenues, which are more likely than not to be positive by their nature.
sensitivity measures certain portfolios and individual positions are not included in var because var is not the most appropriate risk measure. other sensitivity measures we use to analyze market risk are described below.
10% sensitivity measures. the table below presents market risk for positions that are not included in var. the market risk of these positions is determined by estimating the potential reduction in net revenues of a 10% decline in the value of these positions. equity positions below relate to private and restricted public equity securities, including interests in funds that invest in corporate equities and real estate and interests in hedge funds. debt positions include interests in funds that invest in corporate mezzanine and senior debt instruments, loans backed by commercial and residential real estate, corporate bank loans and other corporate debt, including acquired portfolios of distressed loans. these equity and debt positions in our consolidated statements of financial condition are included in “financial instruments owned, at fair value.” see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about cash instruments. these measures do not reflect diversification benefits across asset categories or across other market risk measures.
asset categories equity                       $2,085                 $2,157                 $2,132
credit spread sensitivity on derivatives and financial liabilities. var excludes the impact of changes in counterparty and our own credit spreads on derivatives as well as changes in our own credit spreads on financial liabilities for which the fair value option was elected. the estimated sensitivity to a one basis point increase in credit spreads (counterparty and our own) on derivatives was a gain of $2 million and $3 million (including hedges) as of december 2016 and december 2015, respectively. in addition, the estimated sensitivity to a one basis point increase in our own credit spreads on financial liabilities for which the fair value option was elected was a gain of $25 million and $17 million as of december 2016 and december 2015, respectively. however, the actual net impact of a change in our own credit spreads is also affected by the liquidity, duration and convexity (as the sensitivity is not linear to changes in yields) of those financial liabilities for which the fair value option was elected, as well as the relative performance of any hedges undertaken.
98   goldman sachs 2016 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis interest rate sensitivity. “loans receivable” as of december 2016 and december 2015 were $49.67 billion and $45.41 billion, respectively, substantially all of which had floating interest rates. as of december 2016 and december 2015, the estimated sensitivity to a 100 basis point increase in interest rates on such loans was $405 million and $396 million, respectively, of additional interest income over a twelve-month period, which does not take into account the potential impact of an increase in costs to fund such loans. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about loans receivable.
other market risk considerations as of december 2016 and december 2015, we had commitments and held loans for which we have obtained credit loss protection from sumitomo mitsui financial group, inc. see note 18 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about such lending commitments.
in addition, we make investments accounted for under the equity method and we also make direct investments in real estate, both of which are included in “other assets.” direct investments in real estate are accounted for at cost less accumulated depreciation. see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about “other assets.”
financial statement linkages to market risk measures we employ a variety of risk measures, each described in the respective sections above, to monitor market risk across the consolidated statements of financial condition and consolidated statements of earnings. the related gains and losses on these positions are included in “market making,” “other principal transactions,” “interest income” and “interest expense” in the consolidated statements of earnings, and “debt valuation adjustment” in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income.
the table below presents certain categories in our consolidated statements of financial condition and the market risk measures used to assess those assets and liabilities. certain categories on the consolidated statements of financial condition are incorporated in more than one risk measure.
categories on the consolidated                                                      market risk measures statements of financial condition included in market risk measures collateralized agreements                                                           • var
• securities purchased under agreements to resell, at fair value
• securities borrowed, at fair value receivables                                                                         • var
• certain secured loans, at fair value                                              • interest rate sensitivity
• loans receivable financial instruments owned, at fair value                                          • var
• 10% sensitivity measures
• credit spread sensitivity — derivatives deposits, at fair value                                                             • credit spread sensitivity —financial liabilities collateralized financings                                                           • var
• securities sold under agreements to repurchase, at fair value
• securities loaned, at fair value
• other secured financings, at fair value financial instruments sold, but not yet purchased, at fair value                    • var
• credit spread sensitivity — derivatives unsecured short-term borrowings and unsecured long-term borrowings, at fair value   • var
• credit spread sensitivity —financial liabilities credit risk management overview credit risk represents the potential for loss due to the default or deterioration in credit quality of a counterparty (e.g., an otc derivatives counterparty or a borrower) or an issuer of securities or other instruments we hold. our exposure to credit risk comes mostly from client transactions in otc derivatives and loans and lending commitments. credit risk also comes from cash placed with banks, securities financing transactions (i.e., resale and repurchase agreements and securities borrowing and lending activities) and receivables from brokers, dealers, clearing organizations, customers and counterparties.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis credit risk management, which is independent of the revenue-producing units and reports to our chief risk officer, has primary responsibility for assessing, monitoring and managing credit risk. the credit policy committee and the firmwide risk committee establish and review credit policies and parameters. in addition, we hold other positions that give rise to credit risk (e.g., bonds held in our inventory and secondary bank loans). these credit risks are captured as a component of market risk measures, which are monitored and managed by market risk management, consistent with other inventory positions. we also enter into derivatives to manage market risk exposures. such derivatives also give rise to credit risk, which is monitored and managed by credit risk management.
credit risk management process effective management of credit risk requires accurate and timely information, a high level of communication and knowledge of customers, countries, industries and products. our process for managing credit risk includes:
•   approving transactions and setting and communicating credit exposure limits;
•   establishing or approving underwriting standards;
•   monitoring compliance with established credit exposure limits;
•   assessing the likelihood that a counterparty will default on its payment obligations;
•   measuring our current and potential credit exposure and losses resulting from counterparty default;
•   reporting of credit exposures to senior management, the board and regulators;
•   using credit risk mitigants, including collateral and hedging; and
•   communicating and collaborating with other independent control and support functions such as operations, legal and compliance.
as part of the risk assessment process, credit risk management performs credit reviews, which include initial and ongoing analyses of our counterparties. for substantially all of our credit exposures, the core of our process is an annual counterparty credit review. a credit review is an independent analysis of the capacity and willingness of a counterparty to meet its financial obligations, resulting in an internal credit rating. the determination of internal credit ratings also incorporates assumptions with respect to the nature of and outlook for the counterparty’s industry, and the economic environment. senior personnel within credit risk management, with expertise in specific industries, inspect and approve credit reviews and internal credit ratings.
our risk assessment process may also include, where applicable, reviewing certain key metrics, such as delinquency status, collateral values, credit scores and other risk factors.
our global credit risk management systems capture credit exposure to individual counterparties and on an aggregate basis to counterparties and their subsidiaries (economic groups). these systems also provide management with comprehensive information on our aggregate credit risk by product, internal credit rating, industry, country and region.
risk measures and limits we measure our credit risk based on the potential loss in the event of non-payment by a counterparty using current and potential exposure. for derivatives and securities financing transactions, current exposure represents the amount presently owed to us after taking into account applicable netting and collateral arrangements while potential exposure represents our estimate of the future exposure that could arise over the life of a transaction based on market movements within a specified confidence level. potential exposure also takes into account netting and collateral arrangements. for loans and lending commitments, the primary measure is a function of the notional amount of the position.
we use credit limits at various levels (e.g., counterparty, economic group, industry and country) as well as underwriting standards to control the size and nature of our credit exposures. limits for counterparties and economic groups are reviewed regularly and revised to reflect changing risk appetites for a given counterparty or group of counterparties. limits for industries and countries are based on our risk tolerance and are designed to allow for regular monitoring, review, escalation and management of credit risk concentrations. the risk committee of the board and the risk governance committee (through delegated authority from the firmwide risk committee) approve credit risk limits at firmwide, business and product levels. credit risk management (through delegated authority from the risk governance committee) sets credit limits for individual counterparties, economic groups, industries and countries. policies authorized by the firmwide risk committee, the risk governance committee and the credit policy committee prescribe the level of formal approval required for us to assume credit exposure to a counterparty across all product areas, taking into account any applicable netting provisions, collateral or other credit risk mitigants.
100   goldman sachs 2016 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis stress tests we use regular stress tests to calculate the credit exposures, including potential concentrations that would result from applying shocks to counterparty credit ratings or credit risk factors (e.g., currency rates, interest rates, equity prices). these shocks include a wide range of moderate and more extreme market movements. some of our stress tests include shocks to multiple risk factors, consistent with the occurrence of a severe market or economic event. in the case of sovereign default, we estimate the direct impact of the default on our sovereign credit exposures, changes to our credit exposures arising from potential market moves in response to the default, and the impact of credit market deterioration on corporate borrowers and counterparties that may result from the sovereign default. unlike potential exposure, which is calculated within a specified confidence level, with a stress test there is generally no assumed probability of these events occurring.
we perform stress tests on a regular basis as part of our routine risk management processes and conduct tailored stress tests on an ad hoc basis in response to market developments. stress tests are conducted jointly with our market and liquidity risk functions.
model review and validation our potential credit exposure and stress testing models, and any changes to such models or assumptions, are reviewed by model risk management. see “model risk management” for further information about the review and validation of these models.
risk mitigants to reduce our credit exposures on derivatives and securities financing transactions, we may enter into netting agreements with counterparties that permit us to offset receivables and payables with such counterparties. we may also reduce credit risk with counterparties by entering into agreements that enable us to obtain collateral from them on an upfront or contingent basis and/or to terminate transactions if the counterparty’s credit rating falls below a specified level. we monitor the fair value of the collateral on a daily basis to ensure that our credit exposures are appropriately collateralized. we seek to minimize exposures where there is a significant positive correlation between the creditworthiness of our counterparties and the market value of collateral we receive.
for loans and lending commitments, depending on the credit quality of the borrower and other characteristics of the transaction, we employ a variety of potential risk mitigants. risk mitigants include collateral provisions, guarantees, covenants, structural seniority of the bank loan claims and, for certain lending commitments, provisions in the legal documentation that allow us to adjust loan amounts, pricing, structure and other terms as market conditions change. the type and structure of risk mitigants employed can significantly influence the degree of credit risk involved in a loan or lending commitment.
when we do not have sufficient visibility into a counterparty’s financial strength or when we believe a counterparty requires support from its parent, we may obtain third-party guarantees of the counterparty’s obligations. we may also mitigate our credit risk using credit derivatives or participation agreements.
credit exposures as of december 2016, our credit exposures increased as compared with december 2015, primarily reflecting an increase in cash deposits with central banks. the percentage of our credit exposures arising from non-investment-grade counterparties (based on our internally determined public rating agency equivalents) decreased as compared with december 2015, reflecting an increase in investment-grade credit exposure related to cash deposits with central banks and a decrease in non-investment-grade loans and lending commitments. during 2016, the number of counterparty defaults increased as compared with 2015 and such defaults primarily occurred within loans and lending commitments. the total number of counterparty defaults remained low, representing less than 0.5% of all counterparties. estimated losses associated with counterparty defaults were higher compared with 2015 and were not material. our credit exposures are described further below.
cash and cash equivalents. our credit exposure on cash and cash equivalents arises from our unrestricted cash, and includes both interest-bearing and non-interest-bearing deposits. to mitigate the risk of credit loss, we place substantially all of our deposits with highly-rated banks and central banks. unrestricted cash was $107.06 billion and $75.11 billion as of december 2016 and december 2015, respectively, and excludes cash segregated for regulatory and other purposes of $14.65 billion and $18.33 billion as of december 2016 and december 2015, respectively.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis otc derivatives. our credit exposure on otc derivatives arises primarily from our market-making activities. as a market maker, we enter into derivative transactions to provide liquidity to clients and to facilitate the transfer and hedging of their risks. we also enter into derivatives to manage market risk exposures. we manage our credit exposure on otc derivatives using the credit risk process, measures, limits and risk mitigants described above.
derivatives are reported on a net-by-counterparty basis (i.e., the net payable or receivable for derivative assets and liabilities for a given counterparty) when a legal right of setoff exists under an enforceable netting agreement. derivatives are accounted for at fair value, net of cash collateral received or posted under enforceable credit support agreements. we generally enter into otc derivatives transactions under bilateral collateral arrangements that require the daily exchange of collateral. as credit risk is an essential component of fair value, we include a credit valuation adjustment (cva) in the fair value of derivatives to reflect counterparty credit risk, as described in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements. cva is a function of the present value of expected exposure, the probability of counterparty default and the assumed recovery upon default.
the table below presents the distribution of our exposure to otc derivatives by tenor, both before and after the effect of collateral and netting agreements.
$ in millions           investment-       non-investment-          total grade       grade / unrated as of december 2016
otc derivative assets      $ 45,099               $ 6,026       $ 51,125
net credit exposure        $ 28,879               $ 4,922       $ 33,801
otc derivative assets      $ 41,506               $ 8,920       $ 50,426
net credit exposure        $ 27,001               $ 7,368       $ 34,369
•   tenor is based on expected duration for mortgage-related credit derivatives and generally on remaining contractual maturity for other derivatives.
•   receivable and payable balances with the same counterparty in the same tenor category are netted within such tenor category.
•   receivable and payable balances for the same counterparty across tenor categories are netted under enforceable netting agreements, and cash collateral received is netted under enforceable credit support agreements.
•                                                                      net credit exposure represents otc derivative assets, included in “financial instruments owned, at fair value,” less cash collateral and the fair value of securities collateral, primarily u.s. government and federal agency obligations and non-u.s. government and agency obligations, received under credit support agreements, which management considers when determining credit risk, but such collateral is not eligible for netting under u.s. gaap.
the tables below present the distribution of our exposure to otc derivatives by tenor and our internally determined public rating agency equivalents.
investment-grade
otc derivative assets          $ 2,516           $ 14,110               $ 13,447           $ 15,026        $ 45,099
net credit exposure            $ 2,283            $ 8,366                $ 8,401            $ 9,829        $ 28,879
otc derivative assets          $ 2,628           $ 16,440               $ 10,706           $ 11,732        $ 41,506
net credit exposure            $ 2,427           $ 10,269                $ 6,652            $ 7,653        $ 27,001
non-investment-grade / unrated
otc derivative assets             $ 5,544                        $482                     $ 6,026
net credit exposure               $ 4,569                        $353                     $ 4,922
otc derivative assets             $ 8,124                        $796                     $ 8,920
net credit exposure               $ 6,769                        $599                     $ 7,368
102   goldman sachs 2016 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis lending and financing activities. we manage our lending and financing activities using the credit risk process, measures, limits and risk mitigants described above. other lending positions, including secondary trading positions, are risk-managed as a component of market risk.
•                                                                                                lending activities. our lending activities include lending to investment-grade and non-investment-grade corporate borrowers. loans and lending commitments associated with these activities are principally used for operating liquidity and general corporate purposes or in connection with contingent acquisitions.
corporate loans may be secured or unsecured, depending on the loan purpose, the risk profile of the borrower and other factors. our lending activities also include extending loans to borrowers that are secured by commercial and other real estate.
see the tables below for further information about our credit exposures associated with these lending activities.
•                                                                                                 securities financing transactions. we enter into securities financing transactions in order to, among other things, facilitate client activities, invest excess cash, acquire securities to cover short positions and finance certain firm activities. we bear credit risk related to resale agreements and securities borrowed only to the extent that cash advanced or the value of securities pledged or delivered to the counterparty exceeds the value of the collateral received. we also have credit exposure on repurchase agreements and securities loaned to the extent that the value of securities pledged or delivered to the counterparty for these transactions exceeds the amount of cash or collateral received. securities collateral obtained for securities financing transactions primarily includes u.s. government and federal agency obligations and non-u.s. government and agency obligations. we had approximately $29 billion and $27 billion as of december 2016 and december 2015, respectively, of credit exposure related to securities financing transactions reflecting both netting agreements and collateral that management considers when determining credit risk. as of both december 2016 and december 2015, substantially all of our credit exposure related to securities financing transactions was with investment-grade financial institutions, funds and governments, primarily located in the americas and emea.
•                                                                                                other credit exposures. we are exposed to credit risk from our receivables from brokers, dealers and clearing organizations and customers and counterparties. receivables from brokers, dealers and clearing organizations are primarily comprised of initial margin placed with clearing organizations and receivables related to sales of securities which have traded, but not yet settled. these receivables generally have minimal credit risk due to the low probability of clearing organization default and the short-term nature of receivables related to securities settlements. receivables from customers and counterparties are generally comprised of collateralized receivables related to customer securities transactions and generally have minimal credit risk due to both the value of the collateral received and the short-term nature of these receivables. our net credit exposure related to these activities was approximately $31 billion and $33 billion as of december 2016 and december 2015, respectively, and was primarily comprised of initial margin (both cash and securities) placed with investment-grade clearing organizations. the regional breakdown of our net credit exposure related to these activities was approximately 44% and 44% in the americas, approximately 42% and 45% in emea, and approximately 14% and 11% in asia as of december 2016 and december 2015, respectively.
in addition, we extend other loans and lending commitments to our private wealth management clients that are primarily secured by residential real estate, securities or other assets. we also purchase performing and distressed loans backed by residential real estate and consumer loans. the gross exposure related to such loans and lending commitments was approximately
$28 billion as of both december 2016 and december 2015. the regional breakdown of our net credit exposure related to these activities was approximately 90% and 84% in the americas, approximately 8% and 14% in emea, and approximately
2% and 2% in asia as of december 2016 and december 2015, respectively. the fair value of the collateral received against such loans and lending commitments generally exceeded the gross carrying amount as of both december 2016 and december 2015.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis credit exposure by industry, region and credit quality the tables below present our credit exposure related to cash, otc derivatives, and loans and lending commitments (excluding credit exposures described above in “securities financing transactions” and “other credit exposures”) broken down by industry, region and credit quality.
credit exposure by industry funds                                          $ 138                          $ 176
financial institutions                        11,836                         12,799
credit exposure by region americas                                    $ 80,381                        $54,846
credit exposure by credit quality (credit rating equivalent)
credit exposure by industry funds                                                      $ 13,294                        $10,899
financial institutions                                       14,116                         11,314
consumer, retail &amp; healthcare                               773                          1,553
municipalities &amp; nonprofit                                2,959                          3,984
natural resources &amp; utilities                             3,707                          4,846
technology, media &amp; telecommunications                    4,188                          1,839
credit exposure by region americas                                                   $ 19,629                        $17,724
credit exposure by credit quality (credit rating equivalent)
loans and lending commitments as of december
credit exposure by industry funds                                                       $ 3,854                         $ 2,595
financial institutions                                       13,630                          14,063
consumer, retail &amp; healthcare                            30,007                          31,944
municipalities &amp; nonprofit                                  709                             628
natural resources &amp; utilities                            25,694                          24,476
technology, media &amp; telecommunications                   33,232                          36,444
credit exposure by region americas                                                   $115,145                        $121,271
credit exposure by credit quality (credit rating equivalent)
selected exposures the section below provides information about our credit and market exposure to certain countries that have had heightened focus due to recent events and broad market concerns. credit exposure represents the potential for loss due to the default or deterioration in credit quality of a counterparty or borrower. market exposure represents the potential for loss in value of our long and short inventory due to changes in market prices.
current levels of oil prices continue to raise concerns about venezuela and nigeria, and their sovereign debt. the political situation in iraq has led to ongoing concerns about its economic stability. the debt crisis in mozambique has resulted in the suspension of its funding by the international monetary fund and the world bank, as well as credit rating downgrades. in addition, currency trading restrictions in malaysia have negatively impacted investor confidence and raised concerns about the potential for further restrictions.
our total credit and market exposure to each of iraq, venezuela, nigeria, mozambique and malaysia as of december 2016 was not material.
104   goldman sachs 2016 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis we have a comprehensive framework to monitor, measure and assess our country exposures and to determine our risk appetite. we determine the country of risk by the location of the counterparty, issuer or underlier’s assets, where they generate revenue, the country in which they are headquartered, the jurisdiction where a claim against them could be enforced, and/or the government whose policies affect their ability to repay their obligations. we monitor our credit exposure to a specific country both at the individual counterparty level as well as at the aggregate country level.
we use regular stress tests, described above, to calculate the credit exposures, including potential concentrations that would result from applying shocks to counterparty credit ratings or credit risk factors. to supplement these regular stress tests, we also conduct tailored stress tests on an ad hoc basis in response to specific market events that we deem significant. these stress tests are designed to estimate the direct impact of the event on our credit and market exposures resulting from shocks to risk factors including, but not limited to, currency rates, interest rates, and equity prices. we also utilize these stress tests to estimate the indirect impact of certain hypothetical events on our country exposures, such as the impact of credit market deterioration on corporate borrowers and counterparties along with the shocks to the risk factors described above. the parameters of these shocks vary based on the scenario reflected in each stress test. we review estimated losses produced by the stress tests in order to understand their magnitude, highlight potential loss concentrations, and assess and mitigate our exposures where necessary.
see “stress tests” above, “liquidity risk management — liquidity stress tests” and “market risk management — market risk management process  — stress testing” for further information about stress tests.
operational risk management overview operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems or from external events. our exposure to operational risk arises from routine processing errors as well as extraordinary incidents, such as major systems failures or legal and regulatory matters.
potential types of loss events related to internal and external operational risk include:
•   clients, products and business practices;
•   execution, delivery and process management;
•   business disruption and system failures;
•   employment practices and workplace safety;
•   damage to physical assets;
•   internal fraud; and
•   external fraud.
we maintain a comprehensive control framework designed to provide a well-controlled environment to minimize operational risks. the firmwide operational risk committee provides oversight of the ongoing development and implementation of our operational risk policies and framework. operational risk management is a risk management function independent of our revenue-producing units, reports to our chief risk officer, and is responsible for developing and implementing policies, methodologies and a formalized framework for operational risk management with the goal of minimizing our exposure to operational risk.
operational risk management process managing operational risk requires timely and accurate information as well as a strong control culture. we seek to manage our operational risk through:
•   training, supervision and development of our people;
•   active participation of senior management in identifying and mitigating our key operational risks;
•      independent control and support functions that monitor operational risk on a daily basis, and implementation of extensive policies and procedures, and controls designed to prevent the occurrence of operational risk events;
•   proactive communication between our revenue producing units and our independent control and support functions;
•   a network of systems to facilitate the collection of data used to analyze and assess our operational risk exposure.
we combine top-down and bottom-up approaches to manage and measure operational risk. from a top-down perspective, our senior management assesses firmwide and business-level operational risk profiles. from a bottom-up perspective, revenue-producing units and independent control and support functions are responsible for risk identification and risk management on a day-to-day basis, including escalating operational risks to senior management.
our operational risk management framework is in part designed to comply with the operational risk measurement rules under the revised capital framework and has evolved based on the changing needs of our businesses and regulatory guidance.
the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis our operational risk management framework comprises the following practices:
•   risk monitoring and reporting.
internal audit performs an independent review of our operational risk management framework, including our key controls, processes and applications, on an annual basis to assess the effectiveness of our framework.
risk identification and assessment the core of our operational risk management framework is risk identification and assessment. we have a comprehensive data collection process, including firmwide policies and procedures, for operational risk events.
we have established policies that require our revenue-producing units and our independent control and support functions to report and escalate operational risk events. when operational risk events are identified, our policies require that the events be documented and analyzed to determine whether changes are required in our systems and/or processes to further mitigate the risk of future events.
in addition, our systems capture internal operational risk event data, key metrics such as transaction volumes, and statistical information such as performance trends. we use an internally developed operational risk management application to aggregate and organize this information. one of our key risk identification and assessment tools is an operational risk and control self-assessment process which is performed by managers from both revenue-producing units and independent control and support functions. this process consists of the identification and rating of operational risks, on a forward-looking basis, and the related controls. the results from this process are analyzed to evaluate operational risk exposures and identify businesses, activities or products with heightened levels of operational risk.
risk measurement we measure our operational risk exposure over a twelve-month time horizon using both statistical modeling and scenario analyses, which involve qualitative assessments of the potential frequency and extent of potential operational risk losses, for each of our businesses. operational risk measurement incorporates qualitative and quantitative assessments of factors including:
•   internal and external operational risk event data;
•   assessments of our internal controls;
•   evaluations of the complexity of our business activities;
•   the degree of and potential for automation in our processes;
•   new activity information;
•   the legal and regulatory environment;
•   changes in the markets for our products and services, including the diversity and sophistication of our customers and counterparties; and
•   liquidity of the capital markets and the reliability of the infrastructure that supports the capital markets.
the results from these scenario analyses are used to monitor changes in operational risk and to determine business lines that may have heightened exposure to operational risk. these analyses ultimately are used in the determination of the appropriate level of operational risk capital to hold.
risk monitoring and reporting we evaluate changes in the operational risk profile of the firm and its businesses, including changes in business mix or jurisdictions in which we operate, by monitoring the factors noted above at a firmwide level. we have both preventive and detective internal controls, which are designed to reduce the frequency and severity of operational risk losses and the probability of operational risk events. we monitor the results of assessments and independent internal audits of these internal controls.
we also provide periodic operational risk reports to senior management, risk committees and the board. in addition, we have established thresholds to monitor the impact of an operational risk event, including single loss events and cumulative losses over a twelve-month period, as well as escalation protocols. we also provide periodic operational risk reports, which include incidents that breach escalation thresholds, to senior management, firmwide and divisional risk committees and the risk committee of the board.
model review and validation the statistical models utilized by operational risk management are subject to independent review and validation by model risk management. see “model risk management” for further information about the review and validation of these models.
106   goldman sachs 2016 form 10-k the goldman sachs group, inc. and subsidiaries management’s discussion and analysis model risk management overview model risk is the potential for adverse consequences from decisions made based on model outputs that may be incorrect or used inappropriately. we rely on quantitative models across our business activities primarily to value certain financial assets and liabilities, to monitor and manage our risk, and to measure and monitor our regulatory capital.
our model risk management framework is managed through a governance structure and risk management controls, which encompass standards designed to ensure we maintain a comprehensive model inventory, including risk assessment and classification, sound model development practices, independent review and model-specific usage controls. the firmwide risk committee and the firmwide model risk control committee oversee our model risk management framework. model risk management, which is independent of model developers, model owners and model users, reports to our chief risk officer, is responsible for identifying and reporting significant risks associated with models, and provides periodic updates to senior management, risk committees and the risk committee of the board.
model review and validation model risk management consists of quantitative professionals who perform an independent review, validation and approval of our models. this review includes an analysis of the model documentation, independent testing, an assessment of the appropriateness of the methodology used, and verification of compliance with model development and implementation standards. model risk management reviews all existing models on an annual basis, as well as new models or significant changes to models.
the model validation process incorporates a review of models and trade and risk parameters across a broad range of scenarios (including extreme conditions) in order to critically evaluate and verify:
•   the model’s conceptual soundness, including the reasonableness of model assumptions, and suitability for intended use;
•   the testing strategy utilized by the model developers to ensure that the models function as intended;
•   the suitability of the calculation techniques incorporated in the model;
•   the model’s accuracy in reflecting the characteristics of the related product and its significant risks;
•   the model’s consistency with models for similar products; and
•   the model’s sensitivity to input parameters and assumptions.
see “critical accounting policies — fair value — review of valuation models,” “liquidity risk management,” “market risk management,” “credit risk management” and “operational risk management” for further information about our use of models within these areas.