item 1a.risk factors the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations, and the trading price of our common stock could decline. these risk factors do not identify all risks that we face; our operations could also be affected by factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial to our operations. due to risks and uncertainties, known and unknown, our past financial results may not be a reliable indicator of future performance, and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods. refer also to the other information set forth in this annual report on form 10-k, including "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" and our financial statements and the related notes.
demand for our products is variable and hard to predict. changes in the demand for our products may reduce our revenue, increase our costs, lower our gross margin percentage, or require us to write down the value of our assets. our platform products are used across different market segments, and demand for our platforms may vary within or among our client computing, data center, internet of things, and other market segments. it is difficult to anticipate the impact of these changes, as demand may increase in one or more market segments while decreasing in others. important factors that could lead to variation in the demand for our products include changes in:
•   business conditions, including downturns in the computing industry, or in the global or regional economies;
•   consumer confidence or income levels caused by changes in market conditions, including changes in government borrowing, taxation, or spending policies; the credit market; or expected inflation, employment, and energy or other commodity prices;
•   competitive and pricing pressures, including actions taken by competitors;
we face significant competition. the industry in which we operate is highly competitive and subject to rapid technological and market developments, changes in industry standards, changes in customer needs, and frequent product introductions and improvements. if we do not anticipate and respond to these developments, our competitive position may weaken, and our products or technologies might be uncompetitive or obsolete. additionally, a number of business combinations, including mergers, asset acquisitions and strategic partnerships, in the semiconductor industry have occurred over the last several years, and more could occur in the future. consolidation in the industry could lead to fewer customers, partners or suppliers, any of which could negatively affect our financial results.
in recent years, our business focus has expanded and now includes the design and production of platforms and other products for the data center, internet of things, and memory market segments, including fpga products, connectivity products, and a number of other products and services for a wide range of connected devices. as a result, we face new sources of competition, including, in certain of these market segments, from incumbent competitors with established customer bases and greater brand recognition. to be successful, we need to cultivate new industry relationships with customers and partners in these market segments. in addition, we must continually improve the cost, integration, and energy efficiency of our products, as well as expand our software capabilities to provide customers with comprehensive computing solutions. despite our ongoing efforts, there is no guarantee that we will achieve or maintain consumer and market demand or acceptance for our products and services in these various market segments.
to compete successfully, we must maintain a successful r&d effort, develop new products and production processes, and improve our existing products and processes ahead of competitors. for example, we invest substantially in our network of manufacturing and assembly and test facilities, including the construction of new fabrication facilities to support smaller transistor geometries and larger wafers. our r&d efforts are critical to our success and are aimed at solving complex problems, and we do not expect all of our projects to be successful. we may be unable to develop and market new products successfully, and the products we invest in and develop may not be well-received by customers. our r&d investments may not generate significant operating income or contribute to our future operating results for several years, and such contributions may not meet our expectations or even cover the costs of such investments. additionally, the products and technologies offered by others may affect demand for, or pricing of, our products.
if we are not able to compete effectively, our financial results will be adversely affected, including increased costs and reduced revenue and gross margin, and we may be required to accelerate the write-down of the value of certain assets.
changes in the mix of products sold may harm our financial results. our pricing and margins vary across our products and market segments due to differences in product features or manufacturing costs. for example, our platform product offerings range from lower-priced and entry-level platforms, such as those based on intel quark or intel atom processors, to higher-end platforms based on intel xeon processors. if demand shifts from our higher-priced to lower-priced platforms in any of our market segments, our gross margin and revenue would decrease. in addition, when products are introduced, they tend to have higher costs because of initial development costs and lower production volumes relative to the previous product generation, which can impact gross margin.
global or regional conditions may harm our financial results. we have manufacturing, assembly and test, r&d, sales, and other operations in many countries, and some of our business activities may be concentrated in one or more geographic areas. moreover, sales outside the u.s. accounted for approximately 78% of our revenue for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2016. as a result, our operations and our financial results, including our ability to manufacture, assemble and test, design, develop, or sell products, may be adversely affected by a number of factors outside of our control, including:
•   global and local economic conditions;
•   geopolitical and security issues, such as armed conflict and civil or military unrest, crime, political instability, human rights concerns, and terrorist activity;
•   inefficient infrastructure and other disruptions, such as supply chain interruptions and large-scale outages or unreliable provision of services from utilities, transportation, data hosting, or telecommunications providers;
•   government restrictions on, or nationalization of our operations in any country, or restrictions on our ability to repatriate earnings from a particular country;
•   formal or informal imposition of new or revised export and/or import and doing-business regulations, including trade sanctions and tariffs, which could be changed without notice;
•   increased uncertainty regarding social, political, immigration and trade policies in the u.s. and abroad, such as recent u.s. legislation and policies and the united kingdom's referendum to withdraw from the european union ("brexit").
we are subject to laws and regulations worldwide, which may differ among jurisdictions, affecting our operations in areas including, but not limited to: ip ownership and infringement; tax; import and export requirements; anti-corruption; foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation restrictions; data privacy requirements; anti-competition; advertising; employment; product regulations; environment, health, and safety requirements; and consumer laws. compliance with such requirements may be onerous and expensive, and may otherwise impact our business operations negatively. although we have policies, controls, and procedures designed to help ensure compliance with applicable laws, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, suppliers, and/or agents will not violate such laws or our policies. violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines; criminal sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees; prohibitions on the conduct of our business; and damage to our reputation.
we may be affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates. we are potentially exposed to adverse as well as beneficial movements in currency exchange rates. although most of our sales occur in u.s. dollars, expenses may be paid in local currencies. an increase in the value of the dollar could increase the real cost to our customers of our products in those markets outside the u.s. where we sell in dollars, and a weakened dollar could increase the cost of expenses such as payroll, utilities, tax, and marketing expenses, as well as overseas capital expenditures. we also conduct certain investing and financing activities in local currencies. our hedging programs reduce, but do not eliminate, the impact of currency exchange rate movements; therefore, changes in exchange rates could harm our results of operations and financial condition.
catastrophic events or geopolitical conditions could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial results. our operations or systems could be disrupted by natural disasters; industrial accidents; geopolitical conditions; terrorist activity; public health issues; cybersecurity incidents; interruptions of service from utilities, transportation, or telecommunications providers; or other catastrophic events. such events could make it difficult or impossible to manufacture or deliver products to our customers, receive production materials from our suppliers, or perform critical functions, which could adversely affect our revenue and require significant recovery time and expenditures to resume operations. while we maintain business recovery plans that are intended to enable us to recover from natural disasters or other events that can be disruptive to our business, some of our systems are not fully redundant and we cannot be sure that our plans will fully protect us from all such disruptions.
we maintain a program of insurance coverage for a variety of property, casualty, and other risks. the types and amounts of insurance we obtain vary depending on availability, cost, and decisions with respect to risk retention. some of our policies have large deductibles and broad exclusions. in addition, one or more of our insurance providers may be unable or unwilling to pay a claim. losses not covered by insurance may be large, which could harm our results of operations and financial condition.
due to the variability in demand for our products and the complexity of our manufacturing operations, we may be unable to timely respond to fluctuations in demand. our operations have high costs that are either fixed or difficult to reduce in the short term, including our costs related to manufacturing, such as facility construction and equipment, r&d, and the employment and training of a highly skilled workforce. if product demand decreases or we fail to forecast demand accurately, we could be required to write off inventory or record excess capacity charges, which would lower our gross margin. our manufacturing or assembly and test capacity could be underutilized, and we may be required to write down our long-lived assets, which would increase our expenses. factory-planning decisions may shorten the useful lives of facilities and equipment and cause us to accelerate depreciation.
conversely, if product demand increases, we may be unable to add capacity fast enough to meet market demand. our revenue and gross margin can also be affected by the timing of our product introductions and related expenses, including marketing expenses.
we are subject to risks associated with the development and implementation of new manufacturing process technology. we may not be successful or efficient in developing or implementing new production processes. production of integrated circuits is a complex process. we are continually engaged in the transition from our existing process to the next-generation process technology. this consistent innovation involves significant expense and carries inherent risks, including difficulties in designing and developing next-generation process technologies, development and production timing delays, lower than anticipated manufacturing yields, and product defects and errata. disruptions in the production process can also result from errors, defects in materials, delays in obtaining or revising operating permits and licenses, interruption in our supply of materials or resources, and disruptions at our fabrication and assembly and test facilities due to accidents, maintenance issues, or unsafe working conditions-all of which could affect the timing of production ramps and yields. production issues can lead to increased costs and may affect our ability to meet product demand, which could adversely impact our business and the results from operations.
we face supply chain risks. thousands of suppliers provide materials and equipment that we use in production and other aspects of our business. where possible, we seek to have several sources of supply for all of those materials. however, for certain materials, we may rely on a single or a limited number of suppliers, or upon suppliers in a single location. in addition, consolidation among suppliers could impact the nature, quality, availability, and pricing of the products and services available to us. the inability of suppliers to deliver adequate supplies of production materials or other supplies could disrupt our production processes or make it more difficult for us to implement our business strategy. production could be disrupted by the unavailability of resources used in production, such as water, silicon, electricity, gases, and other materials. the unavailability or reduced availability of materials or resources may require us to reduce production or incur additional costs, which could harm our business and results of operations. our manufacturing operations and ability to meet product demand may also be impacted by ip or other litigation between our suppliers, where an injunction against intel or a supplier could interrupt the availability of goods or services supplied to intel by others.
in addition, there are regulatory and other requirements, restrictions, and requests from various constituencies regarding sourcing practices and supplier conduct, with a trend toward expanding the scope of materials and locations where materials originate, regulating supplier behaviors, and increasing the required disclosures regarding such matters by public companies. increased regulation and public pressure in this area would cause our compliance costs to increase and could negatively affect our reputation given that we use many materials in the manufacturing of our products and rely on many suppliers to provide these materials, but do not directly control their procurement or employment practices.
we are subject to the risks of product defects, errata or other product issues. product defects and errata (deviations from published specifications) may result from problems in our product design or our manufacturing and assembly and test processes. components and products we purchase or license from third-party suppliers, or attain through acquisitions, may also contain defects. we could face risks if products that we design, manufacture or sell, or that include our technology, cause personal injury or property damage, even where the cause is unrelated to product defects or errata. these risks may increase as our products are introduced into new devices, markets, technologies, or applications through the internet of things, including wearables, drones and transportation, and industrial and consumer uses. costs from defects, errata, or other product issues could include:
•   writing off some or all of the value of inventory;
•   defending against litigation and/or paying resulting damages; and
these costs could be large and may increase expenses and lower gross margin, and result in delay or loss of revenue. any product defects, errata, or other issues could also damage our reputation, negatively affect product demand, delay product releases, or result in legal liability. the announcement of product defects or errata could cause customers to purchase products from competitors as a result of possible shortages of our components or for other reasons. any of these occurrences could harm our business and financial results. in addition, although we maintain liability insurance, our coverage has certain exclusions and/or may not adequately cover liabilities incurred. our insurance providers may be unable or unwilling to pay a claim, and losses not covered by insurance could be large, which could harm our financial condition.
we are subject to risks associated with environmental laws and regulations. the manufacturing and assembly and test of our products require the use of hazardous materials that are subject to a broad array of environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations. our failure to comply with these laws or regulations could result in:
•   regulatory penalties, fines, and legal liabilities;
our failure to manage the use, transportation, emissions, discharge, storage, recycling, or disposal of hazardous materials could lead to increased costs or future liabilities. our ability to expand or modify our manufacturing capability in the future may be impeded by environmental regulations, such as air quality and wastewater requirements. environmental laws and regulations could also require us to acquire pollution abatement or remediation equipment, modify product designs, or incur other expenses. many new materials that we are evaluating for use in our operations may be subject to regulation under environmental laws and regulations. these restrictions could harm our business and results of operations by increasing our expenses or requiring us to alter manufacturing and assembly and test processes.
climate change may also pose regulatory and environmental risks that could harm our results of operations and affect the way we conduct business. for example, climate change regulation could result in increased manufacturing costs associated with air pollution control requirements, and increased or new monitoring, recordkeeping, and reporting of greenhouse gas emissions. we also see the potential for higher energy costs driven by climate change regulations if, for example, utility companies pass on their costs to their customers. furthermore, many of our operations are located in semi-arid regions that may become increasingly vulnerable to prolonged droughts due to climate change. our fabrication facilities require significant water use and, while we recycle and reuse a portion of the water used, we may have difficulties obtaining sufficient water to fulfill our operational needs due the lack of available infrastructure.
we are subject to ip risks and risks associated with litigation and regulatory proceedings.
we may be unable to enforce or protect our ip rights. we regard our patents, copyrights, trade secrets, and other ip rights as important to the success of our business. we rely on ip law as well as confidentiality and licensing agreements with our customers, employees, technology development partners, and others to protect our ip rights. our ability to enforce these rights is subject to general litigation risks, as well as uncertainty as to the enforceability of our ip rights in various countries. when we seek to enforce our rights, we may be subject to claims that the ip rights are invalid, not enforceable, or licensed to the opposing party. our assertion of ip rights may result in the other party seeking to assert claims against us, which could harm our business. governments may adopt regulations-and governments or courts may render decisions-requiring compulsory licensing of ip rights, or governments may require products to meet standards that serve to favor local companies. our inability to enforce our ip rights under any of these circumstances may harm our competitive position and business. in addition, the theft or unauthorized use or publication of our trade secrets and other confidential business information could harm our competitive position and reduce acceptance of our products; as a result, the value of our investment in r&d, product development, and marketing could be reduced.
our licenses with other companies and participation in industry initiatives may allow competitors to use our patent rights. companies in our industry often bilaterally license patents between each other to settle disputes or as part of business agreements. our competitors may have licenses to our patents, and under current case law, some of the licenses may exhaust our patent rights as to licensed product sales under some circumstances. our participation in industry standards organizations or with other industry initiatives may require us to license our patents to companies that adopt industry-standard specifications. depending on the rules of the organization, we might have to grant these licenses to our patents for little or no cost, and as a result, we may be unable to enforce certain patents against others, our costs of enforcing our licenses or protecting our patents may increase, and the value of our ip rights may be impaired.
third parties may assert claims based on ip rights against us or our products, which could harm our business. we may face claims based on ip rights from individuals and companies, including those who have acquired patent portfolios to assert claims against other companies. we are normally engaged in a number of litigation matters involving ip rights. claims that our products or processes infringe the ip rights of others, whether or not meritorious, could cause us to incur large costs to respond to, defend, and resolve, and they may divert the efforts and attention of management and technical personnel. in addition, we may face claims based on the theft or unauthorized use or disclosure of third-party trade secrets and other confidential business information or end-user data that we obtain in conducting our business. any such incidents and claims could severely disrupt our business, and we could suffer losses, including the cost of product recalls and returns, and reputational harm. furthermore, we have agreed to indemnify customers for certain ip rights claims against them. as a result of ip rights claims, we could:
these ip rights claims could harm our competitive position, result in expenses, or require us to impair our assets. if we alter or stop production of affected items, our revenue could be harmed.
we rely on access to third-party ip, which may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or at all. many of our products include third-party ip and/or implement industry standards, which may require licenses from third parties. based on past experience and industry practice, we believe such licenses generally can be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. however, there is no assurance that the necessary licenses can be obtained on acceptable terms or at all. failure to obtain the right to use third-party ip, or to use such ip on commercially reasonable terms, could preclude us from selling certain products or otherwise have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and operating results.
we are subject to the risks associated with litigation and regulatory proceedings. we may face legal claims or regulatory matters involving stockholder, consumer, competition, and other issues on a global basis. as described in "note 20: commitments and contingencies" in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k, we are engaged in a number of litigation and regulatory matters. litigation and regulatory proceedings are inherently uncertain, and adverse rulings could occur, including monetary damages, or an injunction stopping us from manufacturing or selling certain products, engaging in certain business practices, or requiring other remedies, such as compulsory licensing of patents. an unfavorable outcome may result in a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial position, and overall trends. in addition, regardless of the outcome, litigation can be costly, time-consuming, disruptive to our operations, and distracting to management.
to be competitive, we must attract, retain, and motivate executives and other key employees. hiring and retaining qualified executives, scientists, engineers, technical staff, and sales representatives are critical to our business, and competition for experienced employees can be intense. to help attract, retain, and motivate qualified employees, we use share-based and other performance-based incentive awards such as restricted stock units (rsus) and cash bonuses. also key to our employee hiring and retention is our ability to build and maintain an inclusive business culture and be viewed as an employer of choice. if our share-based or other compensation programs and workplace culture cease to be viewed as competitive, our ability to attract, retain, and motivate employees could be weakened, which could harm our results of operations.
we are subject to cybersecurity and privacy risks.
third parties attempt to gain unauthorized access to our network, products, services, and infrastructure. we regularly face attempts by others to gain unauthorized access through the internet or to introduce malicious software to our information technology (it) systems. additionally, malicious hackers may attempt to gain unauthorized access and corrupt the processes of hardware and software products that we manufacture and services we provide. due to the widespread use of our products and the high profile of our commercial security products, we or our products and services are a frequent target of computer hackers and organizations that intend to sabotage, take control of, or otherwise corrupt our manufacturing or other processes, products, and services. we are also a target of malicious attackers who attempt to gain access to our network or data centers or those of our customers or end users; steal proprietary information related to our business, products, employees, and customers; or interrupt our systems and services or those of our customers or others. we believe such attempts are increasing in number and in technical sophistication. from time to time, we encounter intrusions or unauthorized access to our network, products, services, or infrastructure. to date, none have resulted in any material adverse impact to our business or operations. in some instances, we, our customers, and the users of our products and services might be unaware of an incident or its magnitude and effects. while we seek to detect and investigate all unauthorized attempts and attacks against our network, products, and services, and to prevent their recurrence where practicable through changes to our internal processes and tools and/or changes or patches to our products and services, we remain potentially vulnerable to additional known or unknown threats. such incidents, whether successful or unsuccessful, could result in our incurring significant costs related to, for example, rebuilding internal systems, reduced inventory value, providing modifications to our products and services, defending against litigation, responding to regulatory inquiries or actions, paying damages, or taking other remedial steps with respect to third parties. in addition, these threats are constantly evolving, thereby increasing the difficulty of successfully defending against them or implementing adequate preventative measures. publicity about vulnerabilities and attempted or successful incursions could damage our reputation with customers or users, and reduce demand for our products and services.
we may be subject to theft, loss, or misuse of personal data about our employees, customers, or other third parties, which could increase our expenses, damage our reputation, or result in legal or regulatory proceedings. the theft, loss, or misuse of personal data collected, used, stored, or transferred by us to run our business could result in significantly increased security costs or costs related to defending legal claims. global privacy legislation, enforcement, and policy activity in this area are rapidly expanding and creating a complex regulatory compliance environment. costs to comply with and implement these privacy-related and data protection measures could be significant. in addition, even our inadvertent failure to comply with federal, state, or international privacy-related or data protection laws and regulations could result in proceedings against us by governmental entities or others.
we are subject to risks associated with transactions.
we invest in companies for strategic reasons and may not realize a return on our investments. we make investments in public and private companies around the world to further our strategic objectives and support key business initiatives. many of the instruments in which we invest are non-marketable at the time of our initial investment. companies in which we invest range from early-stage companies still defining their strategic direction to mature companies with established revenue streams and business models. the success of our investment in any company is typically dependent on the availability to the company of additional funding on favorable terms, or a liquidity event, such as a public offering or acquisition. if any of the companies in which we invest fail, we could lose all or part of our investment.
our acquisitions, divestitures, and other transactions could fail to achieve strategic objectives, disrupt our ongoing business, and harm our results of operations. in pursuing our business strategy, we routinely conduct discussions, evaluate opportunities, and enter into agreements for possible acquisitions, divestitures, and other transactions, such as joint ventures. given that our resources are limited, our decision to pursue a transaction has opportunity costs; accordingly, if we pursue a particular transaction, we may need to forgo the prospect of entering into other transactions that could help us achieve our strategic objectives. in addition to opportunity costs, these transactions involve large challenges and risks, including risks that:
•   we may be unable to identify opportunities on terms acceptable to us;
•   acquired businesses may not have adequate controls, processes, and procedures to ensure compliance with laws and regulations, and our due diligence process may not identify compliance issues or other liabilities;
•   there may be unknown, underestimated, and/or undisclosed commitments or liabilities.
when we decide to sell assets or a business, we may have difficulty selling on acceptable terms in a timely manner, and the agreed-upon terms and financing arrangements could be renegotiated due to changes in business or market conditions. these circumstances could delay the achievement of our strategic objectives or cause us to incur additional expense, or we may sell a business at a price or on terms that are less favorable than we had anticipated, resulting in a loss on the transaction.
if we do enter into agreements with respect to acquisitions, divestitures, or other transactions, we may fail to complete them due to factors such as:
•   ip disputes or other litigation; or
we face risks related to sales through distributors and other third parties. we sell a significant portion of our products through third parties such as distributors, value-added resellers, and channel partners (collectively referred to as distributors) as well as oems, odms and internet service providers. we depend on many distributors to help us create end customer demand, provide technical support and other value-added services to customers, fill customer orders, and stock our products. we may rely on one or more key distributors for a product, and a material change in our relationship with one or more of these distributors or their failure to perform as expected could reduce our revenue. our ability to add or replace distributors for some of our products may be limited. in addition, our distributors' expertise in the determination and stocking of acceptable inventory levels for some of our products may not be easily transferable to a new distributor; as a result, end customers may be hesitant to accept the addition or replacement of a distributor. using third parties for distribution exposes us to many risks, including competitive pressure, concentration, credit risk, and compliance risks. distributors and other third parties may sell products that compete with our products, and we may need to provide financial and other incentives to focus them on the sale of our products. they may face financial difficulties, including bankruptcy, which could harm our collection of accounts receivable and financial results. violations of the foreign corrupt practices act or similar laws by distributors or other third-party intermediaries could have a material impact on our business. failure to manage risks related to our use of distributors and other third parties may reduce sales, increase expenses, and weaken our competitive position.
we face risks related to business transactions with u.s. government entities. we receive proceeds from services and products we provide to the u.s. government. u.s. government demand and payment may be affected by public sector budgetary cycles and funding authorizations. u.s. government contracts are subject to oversight, including special rules on accounting, ip rights, expenses, reviews, information handling, and security. failure to comply with these rules could result in civil and criminal penalties and sanctions, including termination of contracts, fines, and suspensions, or debarment from future u.s. government business.
the methods, estimates, and judgments used in applying accounting policies are subject to significant risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and changes that could affect our financial position and results of operations. for more information, see "critical accounting estimates" in part ii, item 7 and "note 2: accounting policies" in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k.
•   changes in jurisdictions in which our profits are determined to be earned and taxed;
•   the resolution of issues arising from tax audits;
•   changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, and in deferred tax valuation allowances;
•   changes in available tax credits;
the amount, timing, and execution of our stock repurchase program may fluctuate based on our priorities for the use of cash for other purposes-such as investing in our business, including operational spending, capital spending, and acquisitions, and returning cash to our stockholders as dividend payments-and because of changes in cash flows and changes in tax laws.
in response to the business environment and to accomplish our strategic objectives, we have announced restructurings of our operations and have made other adjustments to our workforce. we may pursue similar actions in the future, and such workforce changes can result in restructuring charges in addition to those described in "note 7: restructuring and other charges" in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k. any such workforce changes can also temporarily reduce workforce productivity, which could be disruptive to our business and adversely affect our results of operations. in addition, if our restructurings are perceived negatively, our corporate reputation and ability to attract employees could suffer. moreover, we may not achieve or sustain the expected cost savings or other benefits of our restructuring plans, or do so within the expected time frame.
additional factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations with regard to our restructuring activity include:
•   timing and execution of plans and programs that may be subject to local labor law requirements, including consultation with appropriate works councils;
•   future acquisitions, dispositions, or investments;
•   new business initiatives and changes in product roadmap, development, and manufacturing; and/or
there are inherent limitations on the effectiveness of our controls.
we do not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. a control system, no matter how well-designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system's objectives will be met. the design of a control system must reflect the fact that resource constraints exist, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. further, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. the design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of controls to future periods are subject to risks. over time, controls may become inadequate due to changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. if our controls become inadequate, we could fail to meet our financial reporting obligations, our reputation may be adversely affected, our business and operating results could be harmed, and the market price of our stock could decline.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations our management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a) is provided in addition to the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes to assist readers in understanding our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. md&a is organized as follows:
•   critical accounting estimates. accounting estimates that we believe are most important to understanding the assumptions and judgments incorporated in our reported financial results and forecasts.
•   liquidity and capital resources. analysis of changes in our balance sheets and cash flows, and discussion of our financial condition and potential sources of liquidity.
•   contractual obligations and off-balance-sheet arrangements. overview of contractual obligations, contingent liabilities, commitments, and off-balance-sheet arrangements outstanding as of december 31, 2016, including expected payment schedule.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
•   ccg revenue was $32.9 billion, up 2%, with platform volume down 10% and platform average selling prices up 11%. dcg revenue was $17.2 billion, up 8%, with platform volume up 8% and platform average selling prices down 1%.
•   gross margin dollars were $36.2 billion, up $1.5 billion from 2015. gross margin of 60.9% was down 1.7 points from 2015. the gross margin percentage point decrease was driven primarily by altera and other amortization of acquisition-related charges, lower nsg gross margin, higher factory start-up costs (primarily on 10nm), higher product warranty and intellectual property charges, and ccg non-platform products. the decrease was partially offset by lower platform unit costs, platform volume, and higher platform average selling prices.
•   earnings per share of $2.12 were down 21 cents, or 9% from a year ago. this decrease was primarily driven by higher restructuring and other charges, higher spending, and higher amortization of acquisition-related intangibles. the decrease was partially offset by platform volume and higher platform average selling prices.
•   record cash flow from operations in 2016 was approximately $21.8 billion. during 2016, we acquired altera and other smaller acquisitions for $15.5 billion. we purchased $9.6 billion in capital assets, paid $4.9 billion in dividends, and repurchased $2.6 billion in stock. we issued $2.8 billion of long-term debt and assumed $1.5 billion as part of the altera acquisition.
we are building on our strong position in client computing and are investing for growth in the data center, internet of things market segments, and disruptive differentiated memory technology. to accelerate our transformation, in q2 2016, we announced the 2016 restructuring program, which is on track to reduce our headcount and generate savings. we are reallocating these savings to our growth segments, such as the data center and internet of things, and are continuing to invest in areas that extend our leadership in moore's law and expand market opportunities in areas such as memory and autonomous driving.
in q1 2016, we completed the acquisition of altera, a global semiconductor company that designs and sells programmable semiconductors and related products, and subsequently formed psg. we have worked to integrate altera throughout 2016 and the business continues to deliver new products and to grow. in september 2016, to further accelerate our transformation and focus our business on core strategic areas, we announced the planned divestiture of isecg.
our business outlook for q1 2017 and full year 2017 includes, where applicable, our current expectations for revenue, gross margin percentage, spending (r&d plus mg&a), and capital expenditures. we publish our business outlook in our quarterly earnings release. our business outlook and any updates thereto are publicly available on our investor relations website, www.intc.com. this business outlook is not incorporated by reference in this form 10-k. we expect that our corporate representatives will, from time to time, meet publicly or privately with investors and others, and may reiterate the forward-looking statements contained in the business outlook or in this form 10-k. the statements in the business outlook and forward-looking statements in this form 10-k are subject to revision during the course of the year in our quarterly earnings releases and sec filings and at other times. the forward-looking statements in the business outlook will be effective through the close of business on march 17, 2017, unless updated earlier. from the close of business on march 17, 2017 until our quarterly earnings release is published, currently scheduled for april 27, 2017, we will observe a "quiet period." during the quiet period, the business outlook and other forward-looking statements first published in our form 8-k filed on january 26, 2017, and other forward-looking statements disclosed in the company's news releases and filings with the sec, as reiterated or updated as applicable in this form 10-k, should be considered historical, speaking as of prior to the quiet period only and not subject to update. during the quiet period, our representatives will not comment on our business outlook or our financial results or expectations. the exact timing and duration of the routine quiet period, and any others that we utilize from time to time, may vary at our discretion.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
critical accounting estimates the methods, estimates, and judgments that we use in applying our accounting policies have a significant impact on our financial position and the results that we report in our consolidated financial statements. some of these policies require us to make subjective estimates and apply judgment regarding matters that are inherently uncertain.
our most critical accounting estimates include:
•   the determination of other-than-temporary impairments for non-marketable equity investments requires the use of estimates about their valuations, which impacts gains or losses on equity investments, net;
•   the valuation and the allocation of purchase price paid for assets acquired and liabilities assumed in connection with our acquisitions, which impacts our gross margin and operating expenses in periods subsequent to the acquisition;
•   the evaluation of recoverability of long-lived assets (property, plant and equipment; identified intangibles; and goodwill), which impacts gross margin or operating expenses when we record impairments or accelerate their depreciation or amortization;
•   the recognition and measurement of current and deferred income taxes (including the measurement of uncertain tax positions), which impact our provision for taxes as well as tax-related assets and liabilities; and
•   the recognition and measurement of loss contingencies, which impact gross margin or operating expenses when we recognize a loss contingency, revise the estimate for a loss contingency, or record an asset impairment.
refer to "note 2: accounting policies" in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k for further information on our critical accounting estimates and policies.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
amortization of acquisition-related intangibles              294                      0.5    %              265                      0.5    %              294                      0.5    %
gains (losses) on equity investments, net                    506                      0.9    %              315                      0.6    %              411                      0.7    %
our net revenue in 2016 increased by $4.0 billion, or 7%, compared to 2015. our results in 2016 reflected the inclusion of psg from the newly acquired altera and an extra work week, compared to 2015. the higher revenue was also driven by higher unit sales from our dcg platform and higher average selling prices from our notebook and desktop platforms.
our net revenue in 2015 decreased by $515 million, or 1%, compared to 2014. the decrease in revenue was due to challenging macroeconomic conditions, particularly in the first half of the year, and higher pc demand in 2014 driven by the microsoft windows xp* refresh. the decrease in revenue was partially offset by higher platform average selling prices on desktop and dcg platforms, higher dcg platform unit sales, along with higher nsg revenue.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
1,150          psg gross margin from acquisition of altera
935          lower platform unit cost
(1,045      )   altera and other acquisition-related charges
(315      )   period charges associated with product warranty and intellectual property agreements
(1,965      )   higher platform unit cost, primarily driven by the ramp of our 14nm process technology
$35,609          2014 gross margin client computing group segment product overview the ccg operating segment is responsible for all aspects of the client computing continuum, which includes platforms that are incorporated in notebook, 2 in 1 systems, desktop computers for consumers and businesses, tablets, and phones. these platforms may be further enhanced by features such as intel® vprotm technology, a solution designed for better manageability, security, and business and consumer user experiences. in addition, ccg offers home gateway products and set-top box components, and focuses on a broad range of wireless connectivity options that combine intel® wifi technology with our cellular mobile communication technologies. we have an array of innovative wired solutions such as thunderbolttm technology and client ethernet solutions.
notebook. our strategy for the notebook computing market segment is to offer notebook technologies designed to bring exciting new user experiences to life and improve performance, battery life, wireless connectivity, manageability, and security. in addition, we design for innovative smaller, lighter, and thinner form factors.
we have worked to help our customers develop advancements of personal computing devices, which include 2 in 1 systems. these computers combine the energy-efficient performance and capabilities of today's notebooks and tablets with enhanced graphics and improved user interfaces such as touch and voice in thin, light form factors that are highly responsive and secure, and that can seamlessly connect to the internet. we believe the renewed innovation in the pc industry that we fostered will continue with the further enhancements and capabilities of 2 in 1 systems.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
desktop. our strategy for the desktop computing market segment is to offer exciting new user experiences and products that provide increased manageability, security, and energy-efficient performance. we also focus on lowering the total cost of ownership for businesses. the desktop computing market segment includes all-in-one products, which combine traditionally separate desktop components into one form factor. additionally, all-in-one computers have transformed into portable and flexible form factors that offer users increased portability and new multi-user applications and uses. for desktop consumers, we also focus on the design of products for high-end enthusiast pcs and mainstream pcs with rapidly increasing audio and media capabilities.
ccg platform unit sales                                                                             (10           )%             (11           )%
our ccg platform average selling prices increased in 2016 compared to 2015, driven by a richer mix of our high-performance notebook and desktop platforms, while our ccg platform unit sales decreased due to lower demand in the pc market. in 2015 compared to 2014, our ccg platform unit sales decreased due to challenging macroeconomic conditions in the first half of the year and higher pc demand in 2014 driven by the microsoft windows xp refresh. the following results drove the changes in ccg revenue:
(663      )   lower desktop platform unit sales, down 6%
(2,304      )   lower desktop platform unit sales, down 16%
(1,695      )   lower notebook platform unit sales, down 9%
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
1,250          lower ccg platform unit cost
(2,060      )   higher ccg platform unit costs
1   higher gross margin from higher ccg platform revenue was driven by higher average selling prices on notebook and desktop platforms, offset by lower desktop and notebook platform unit sales.
2   lower gross margin from lower ccg platform revenue was driven by lower desktop and notebook platform unit sales, partially offset by higher average selling prices on desktop, notebook, and tablet platforms.
data center group segment product overview the dcg operating segment offers platforms designed to provide leading energy-efficient performance for all server, network, and storage applications. in addition, dcg focuses on lowering the total cost of ownership on other specific workload-optimizations for the enterprise, cloud service providers, and communications service provider market segments. in 2016, we launched the following platforms with an array of functionalities and advancements:
•   intel xeon processor e7 v4 family, targeted at platforms requiring four or more cpus; this processor family delivers high performance and is optimized for real-time analytics and in-memory computing, along with industry-leading reliability, availability, and serviceability.
•   intel® xeon phitm product family, formerly code-named knights landing, with up to 72 high-performance intel processor cores, integrated memory and fabric, and a common software programming model with intel xeon processors. the intel xeon phi product family is designed for highly parallel compute and memory bandwidth-intensive workloads. intel xeon phi processors are positioned to increase the performance of supercomputers, enabling trillions of calculations per second, and to address emerging data analytics and artificial intelligence solutions.
in 2017, we expect to release our next generation of intel xeon processors for compute, storage, and network; a next-generation intel xeon phi processor optimized for deep learning; and a suite of single-socket products, including next-generation intel xeon e3 processors, next-generation intel atom processors, and next-generation intel xeon-d processors for dense solutions.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
dcg platform unit sales                                                                             8   %                         8            %
1,149          higher dcg platform unit sales
1,023          higher dcg platform unit sales
(335      )   higher dcg platform unit costs
(215      )   period charges associated with product warranty and intellectual property agreements
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
internet of things group segment product overview the iotg operating segment offers platforms designed for retail, transportation, industrial, video, buildings and smart cities, and a broad range of other market segments. in addition, iotg focuses on establishing an end-to-end manageable architecture that captures actionable information resulting from connected "things." in 2016, we announced the following platforms:
•   sofia 3g-r soc, the first iotg product with an integrated modem and connectivity;
the operating income for the iotg operating segment increased by $70 million in 2016 compared to 2015, driven by higher gross margin from iotg revenue primarily due to higher iotg platform unit sales and higher iotg platform average selling prices. the increase in revenue was partially offset by higher iotg operating expense.
the operating income for the iotg operating segment decreased by $68 million in 2015 compared to 2014, driven by higher iotg operating expenses, partially offset by higher gross margin from iotg revenue. the higher revenue was primarily due to higher iotg platform unit sales, partially offset by lower iotg platform average selling prices.
non-volatile memory solutions group segment product overview the nsg operating segment offers nand flash memory primarily used in solid-state drives. nand flash memory products are manufactured by imft and micron. our 3d nand products are manufactured in our dalian, china fabrication facility utilizing 16nm process technology. in 2017, we expect to release our jointly developed 3d xpoint technology, which combines the performance, density, power, non-volatility, and cost advantages of existing nand with conventional memories like dram.
the operating income for the nsg operating segment decreased by $783 million in 2016 to an operating loss compared to 2015, driven by lower revenue resulting from lower average selling prices on competitive pricing pressures, offset by higher volume. decrease in operating income was also impacted by higher costs on the ramp of our 3d nand flash memory in our dalian, china facility, and higher spending on 3d xpoint technology, and partially offset by lower unit costs.
the operating income for the nsg operating segment decreased by $16 million in 2015 compared to 2014, driven by higher volume on market growth and improved unit cost, offset by lower average selling prices on competitive pricing pressures.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
intel security group segment product overview the isecg operating segment offers mcafee® software security products designed to deliver innovative solutions that secure computers, mobile devices, and networks around the world from the latest malware and emerging online threats. these products are designed for the protection of consumers, small businesses, and enterprise market segment customers. in 2016, we launched our next generation of converged endpoint suites, which include cloud-based workloads and further enable new architecture for greater effectiveness.
during q3 2016, we announced our decision to divest isecg. the operating results of isecg will be reported as continued operations until the close of the transaction. for further information, see "note 10: acquisitions and divestitures."
programmable solutions group segment product overview the psg operating segment was created in q1 2016, subsequent to the acquisition of altera. psg offers altera® products and consists of fpgas-including soc fpgas, which incorporate hard embedded processor cores-and complex programmable logic devices (cplds) for a broad range of market segments including communications, data center, industrial, military, and automotive. fpgas and cplds are standard semiconductor integrated circuits, or chips, that our customers program to desired logic and processing functions in their electronic systems. in 2016, psg launched the intel® stratix® 10 fpga product.
the operating loss for the psg operating segment was driven by acquisition-related charges, primarily deferred revenue write-down and inventory valuation adjustment. due to the revaluation of deferred revenue to fair value, we excluded revenue of $99 million and associated costs that would have created $64 million of operating income in 2016. additionally, we incurred approximately $387 million of additional cost of sales charges during the period that would have been excluded from the operating results in 2016 if the acquired inventory had not been remeasured to fair value upon acquisition and then sold to end customers, resulting in zero margin on that inventory for the period.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
amortization of acquisition-related intangibles              $294                 $265                 $294
research and development r&d spending increased by $612 million, or 5%, in 2016 compared to 2015. the increase was driven by the addition of psg expenses from the acquisition of altera, higher investment, net of 2016 restructuring program savings, in strategically important areas such as servers, internet of things, new devices, and memory, as well as higher process development costs for our new 7nm process technology. these increases were partially offset by lower depreciation expense due to a change at the beginning of fiscal year 2016 to the estimated useful life of our machinery and equipment in our wafer fabrication facilities.
r&d spending increased by $591 million, or 5%, in 2015 compared to 2014. the increase was due to higher investment in our products-primarily server, internet of things, and new devices-as well as expenses of newly acquired entities and higher process development costs for our 10nm process technology. this increase was partially offset by lower profit-dependent compensation and savings from the implementation of efficiencies within our ccg operating segment.
marketing, general and administrative mg&a expenses increased by $467 million, or 6%, in 2016 compared to 2015. this increase was primarily due to psg expenses from the acquisition of altera.
mg&a expenses decreased by $206 million in 2015 compared to 2014. this decrease was due to lower profit-dependent compensation as well as lower expenses from businesses that have been divested.
2016 restructuring program. in q2 2016, our management approved and commenced the 2016 restructuring program to accelerate our transformation from a pc company to one that powers the cloud and billions of smart, connected computing devices. under this program, we are in the process of closing certain facilities and reducing headcount globally to align our operations with evolving business needs by investing in our growth businesses and improving efficiencies. we expect these actions to be substantially completed by q2 2017.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
restructuring actions related to this program that were approved in 2016 are expected to impact approximately 15,000 employees. we estimate that the charges incurred to date as part of the 2016 restructuring program will result in net annual headcount savings of approximately $1.6 billion as we re-balance our workforce. on an annual basis, we expect $1.4 billion of these savings will reduce our r&d and mg&a spending, and the remainder will reduce our cost of sales. we began to realize these savings in q2 2016 and expect to fully realize these savings by q2 2017. we are reallocating these savings to our growth segments, such as the data center and internet of things, and are continuing to invest in areas that extend our leadership in moore's law and expand market opportunities in areas such as memory and autonomous driving.
for further information on the 2016 restructuring program, see "note 7: restructuring and other charges" in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k.
2013 restructuring program. during 2013, management approved and commenced implementation of several restructuring actions, including targeted workforce reductions and the exit of certain businesses and facilities. these actions included the wind down of our 200mm wafer fabrication facility in massachusetts and the closure of our assembly and test facility in costa rica. this program was completed in 2015.
other charges. other charges consist primarily of expenses associated with the planned divestiture of isecg that was announced in q3 2016.
(dollars in millions)         unrecognizedshare-basedcompensationcosts   weightedaverageperiod restricted stock units                          $1,903                               1.2 years stock purchase plan                                $13                                2 months gains (losses) on equity investments and interest and other, net years ended                                 dec 31,        dec 26,             dec 27,
gains (losses) on equity investments, net   $506           $315              $411
we recognized higher net gains on equity investments in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to gains of $407 million related to sales of a portion of our interest in asml.
we recognized lower net gains on equity investments in 2015 compared to 2014 due to lower gains on sales of equity investments partially offset by higher gains on third-party merger transactions.
we recognized a higher interest and other, net loss in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to higher interest expense from debt issued or acquired in 2015 and 2016 as well as lower capitalized interest due to lower eligible capital expenditures in 2016.
we recognized an interest and other, net loss in 2015 compared to a net gain in 2014 primarily due to higher interest expense, which resulted from the issuance of senior unsecured notes during 2015. for further information on these transactions, see "note 14: borrowings" in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
the majority of the increase in our effective tax rate in 2016 compared to 2015 was driven by one-time items and our 2015 decision to indefinitely reinvest some of our prior years' non-u.s. earnings, partially offset by higher proportion of our income in lower tax jurisdictions.
most of the decrease in our effective tax rate in 2015 compared to 2014 was driven by one-time items, a higher proportion of our income from lower tax jurisdictions, and our decision to indefinitely reinvest certain prior years' non-u.s. earnings, which positively impacted our effective income tax rate.
liquidity and capital resources we consider the following when assessing our liquidity and capital resources:
reverse repurchase agreements with original maturities greater than three months            $250               $1,000
unsettled trade liabilities and other                                                       $119                  $99
temporary equity                                                                            $882                 $897
debt as percentage of permanent stockholders' equity                               38.2             %            37.1    %
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
net cash provided by operating activities                           $21,808               $19,017          $20,418
net cash used for investing activities                              (25,817     )          (8,183    )      (9,905    )
net cash provided by (used for) financing activities                (5,739      )           1,912          (13,611    )
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
operating activities cash provided by operating activities is net income adjusted for certain non-cash items and changes in assets and liabilities.
for 2016 compared to 2015, the $2.8 billion increase in cash provided by operating activities was due to adjustments for non-cash items and changes in working capital, partially offset by lower net income. the adjustments for non-cash items were higher in 2016 primarily due to restructuring and other charges and the change in deferred taxes, partially offset by lower depreciation expense. income taxes paid, net of refunds, in 2016 compared to 2015 were $2.6 billion lower due to bonus depreciation on capital assets placed in service, as well as timing of certain tax payments and refunds.
for 2015 compared to 2014, the $1.4 billion decrease in cash provided by operating activities was due to changes in working capital, adjustments for non-cash items, and lower net income. the adjustments for non-cash items were lower due primarily to deferred taxes, partially offset by higher depreciation.
investing activities investing cash flows consist primarily of capital expenditures; investment purchases, sales, maturities, and disposals; and proceeds from divestitures and cash used for acquisitions. our capital expenditures were $9.6 billion in 2016 ($7.3 billion in 2015 and $10.1 billion in 2014).
the increase in cash used for investing activities in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to our completed acquisition of altera, net purchases of trading assets in 2016 compared to net sales of trading assets in 2015, and higher capital expenditures in 2016. this increase was partially offset by lower investments in non-marketable equity investments and collection of loans receivable and reverse repurchase agreements.
the decrease in cash used for investing activities in 2015 compared to 2014 was primarily due to cash generated by net trading asset activity and lower capital expenditures during 2015. this activity was partially offset by net available-for-sale activity (which was cash flow neutral in 2015 compared to a source of cash in 2014) and higher investments in non-marketable equity investments during 2015.
financing activities financing cash flows consist primarily of repurchases of common stock, payment of dividends to stockholders, issuance and repayment of short-term and long-term debt, and proceeds from the sale of shares of common stock through employee equity incentive plans.
cash was used for financing activities in 2016 compared to cash provided by financing activities in 2015, primarily due to lower proceeds from debt issuances and the repayment of $1.5 billion of debt in 2016. these amounts were partially offset by repayment of commercial paper in 2015 and fewer repurchases of common stock under our authorized stock repurchase program. we have an ongoing authorization, originally approved by our board of directors in 2005, and subsequently amended, to repurchase up to $65.0 billion in shares of our common stock in the open market or negotiated transactions. during 2016, we repurchased $2.6 billion of common stock under our authorized common stock repurchase program, compared to $3.0 billion in 2015. as of december 31, 2016, $6.8 billion remained available for repurchasing common stock under the existing repurchase authorization limit. we base our level of common stock repurchases on internal cash management decisions, and this level may fluctuate. proceeds from the sale of common stock through employee equity incentive plans totaled $1.1 billion in 2016 compared to $866 million in 2015. our total dividend payments were $4.9 billion in 2016 compared to $4.6 billion in 2015. we have paid a cash dividend in each of the past 97 quarters. in january 2017, our board of directors declared a cash dividend of $0.26 per share of common stock for q1 2017. the dividend is payable on march 1, 2017 to stockholders of record on february 7, 2017.
cash was provided by financing activities in 2015 compared to cash used by financing activities in 2014, primarily due to the issuance of long-term debt in 2015 and fewer repurchases of common stock under our authorized stock repurchase program in 2015 compared to 2014. this activity was partially offset by lower proceeds from the sales of common stock in 2015 and repayments of short-term debt in 2015 compared to borrowings in 2014.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
liquidity cash generated by operations is our primary source of liquidity. we maintain a diverse investment portfolio that we continually analyze based on issuer, industry, and country. when assessing our sources of liquidity we include investments as shown in the liquidity and capital resources table. substantially all of our investments in debt instruments and financing receivables are in investment-grade securities.
other potential sources of liquidity include our commercial paper program and our automatic shelf registration statement on file with the sec, pursuant to which we may offer an unspecified amount of debt, equity, and other securities. under our commercial paper program, we have an ongoing authorization from our board of directors to borrow up to $5.0 billion. no commercial paper remained outstanding as of december 31, 2016. on december 21, 2015, we entered into a short-term credit facility to borrow up to $5.0 billion to facilitate the settlement of our acquisition of altera. under this credit facility we borrowed $4.0 billion, and the facility was closed in january 2016. in q2 2016, we issued $2.8 billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes to refinance existing indebtedness, including our 1.95% senior notes due 2016 and a portion of our 1.35% senior notes due 2017.
as of december 31, 2016, $13.6 billion of our $17.1 billion of cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, and trading assets was held by our non-u.s. subsidiaries. of the $13.6 billion held by our non-u.s. subsidiaries, approximately $1.5 billion was available for use in the u.s. without incurring additional u.s. income taxes in excess of the amounts already accrued in our financial statements as of december 31, 2016. the remaining amount of non-u.s. cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, and trading assets has been indefinitely reinvested and, therefore, no u.s. current or deferred taxes have been accrued. this amount is earmarked for near-term investment in our operations outside the u.s. and future acquisitions of non-u.s. entities. we believe our u.s. sources of cash and liquidity are sufficient to meet our business needs in the u.s., and do not expect that we will need to repatriate the funds we have designated as indefinitely reinvested outside the u.s. under current tax laws, should our plans change and we were to choose to repatriate some or all of the funds we have designated as indefinitely reinvested outside the u.s., such amounts would be subject to u.s. income taxes and applicable non-u.s. income and withholding taxes.
we believe we have sufficient financial resources to meet our business requirements in the next 12 months, including capital expenditures for worldwide manufacturing and assembly and test; working capital requirements; and potential dividends, common stock repurchases, acquisitions, and strategic investments.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
capital purchase obligations1                     7,529                   5,646                   1,882                     1             -
other purchase obligations and commitments2       3,038                   1,825                   1,154                    59             -
other long-term liabilities4, 5                   1,763       841                         707                             114         101
1   capital purchase obligations represent commitments for the construction or purchase of property, plant and equipment. they were not recorded as liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets as of december 31, 2016, as we had not yet received the related goods or taken title to the property.
2   other purchase obligations and commitments include payments due under various types of licenses and agreements to purchase goods or services, as well as payments due under non-contingent funding obligations.
3   amounts represent principal and interest cash payments over the life of the debt obligations, including anticipated interest payments that are not recorded on our consolidated balance sheets. debt obligations are classified based on their stated maturity date, regardless of their classification on the consolidated balance sheets. any future settlement of convertible debt would impact our cash payments.
4   we are unable to reliably estimate the timing of future payments related to uncertain tax positions; therefore, $125 million of long-term income taxes payable has been excluded from the preceding table. however, long-term income taxes payable, recorded on our consolidated balance sheets, included these uncertain tax positions, reduced by the associated federal deduction for state taxes and u.s. tax credits arising from non-u.s. income taxes.
5   amounts represent future cash payments to satisfy other long-term liabilities recorded on our consolidated balance sheets, including the short-term portion of these long-term liabilities. expected required contributions to our u.s. and non-u.s. pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans of $36 million to be made during 2017 are also included; however, funding projections beyond 2017 are not practicable to estimate. derivative instruments are excluded from the preceding table, as they do not represent the amounts that may ultimately be paid.
6   total excludes contractual obligations already recorded on our consolidated balance sheets as current liabilities, except for the short-term portions of long-term debt obligations and other long-term liabilities.
contractual obligations for purchases of goods or services included in "other purchase obligations and commitments" in the preceding table include agreements that are enforceable and legally binding on intel and that specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum, or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. for obligations with cancellation provisions, the amounts included in the preceding table were limited to the non-cancelable portion of the agreement terms or the minimum cancellation fee.
we have entered into certain agreements for the purchase of raw materials that specify minimum prices and quantities based on a percentage of the total available market or based on a percentage of our future purchasing requirements. due to the uncertainty of the future market and our future purchasing requirements, as well as the non-binding nature of these agreements, obligations under these agreements have been excluded from the preceding table. our purchase orders for other products are based on our current manufacturing needs and are fulfilled by our vendors within short time horizons. in addition, some of our purchase orders represent authorizations to purchase rather than binding agreements.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
contractual obligations that are contingent upon the achievement of certain milestones have been excluded from the preceding table. these obligations include milestone-based co-marketing agreements, contingent funding or payment obligations, and milestone-based equity investment funding (excluding investment funding that is pending regulatory approval). these arrangements are not considered contractual obligations until the milestone is met by the counterparty. as of december 31, 2016, assuming that all future milestones are met, excluding the asml milestones mentioned below, the additional required payments would be approximately $694 million. during 2012, we entered into a series of agreements with asml intended to accelerate the development of euv lithography, certain of which were amended in 2014. under the amended agreements, intel agreed to provide r&d funding totaling €829 million over five years and committed to advance purchase orders for a specified number of tools from asml. our remaining obligation, contingent upon asml achieving certain milestones, is approximately €193 million, or $202 million, as of december 31, 2016. as our obligation is contingent upon asml achieving certain milestones, we have excluded this obligation from the preceding table.
for the majority of rsus granted, the number of shares of common stock issued on the date the rsus vest is net of the minimum statutory withholding requirements that we pay in cash to the appropriate taxing authorities on behalf of our employees. the obligation to pay the relevant taxing authority is excluded from the preceding table, as the amount is contingent upon continued employment. in addition, the amount of the obligation is unknown, as it is based in part on the market price of our common stock when the awards vest.
during 2014, we entered into a series of agreements with tsinghua unigroup ltd. (tsinghua unigroup), an operating subsidiary of tsinghua holdings co. ltd., to, among other things, jointly develop intel architecture- and communications-based solutions for phones. subject to regulatory approvals and other closing conditions, we have also agreed to invest up to 9.0 billion chinese yuan (approximately $1.5 billion as of the date of the agreement) for a minority stake of approximately 20% of beijing unispreadtrum technology ltd. (unispreadtrum). during 2015, we invested $966 million to complete the first phase of the equity investment. the second phase of the investment will require additional funding of approximately $500 million; however, as our obligation is contingent upon regulatory approvals and other closing conditions, it has been excluded from the preceding table.
off-balance-sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2016, we did not have any significant off-balance-sheet arrangements, as defined in item 303(a)(4)(ii) of sec regulation s-k.