item 1a.   risk factors the company faces a number of uncertainties and risks that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of the company's control. in addition to the other information in this report and the company's other filings with the sec, investors should consider carefully the factors set forth below. investors should be aware that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors and that the following is not meant to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties. if known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, the company's business, results of operations or financial condition could be adversely affected, potentially in a material way.
one of the company's key products, remicade® (infliximab), is experiencing biosimilar competition, which will result in a reduction in u.s. sales of remicade®.
the company has experienced significant challenges to patents covering its largest product, remicade® (infliximab) (accounting for approximately 9.7% of the company's total revenues for fiscal 2016), and continues to assert certain patents related to the product. in april 2016, the fda approved for sale in the united states an infliximab biosimilar to be marketed by a subsidiary of pfizer inc. in october 2016, the notice of launch period under the u.s. biologics price competition and innovation act (the bpcia) passed and in november 2016 pfizer began shipment of an infliximab biosimilar to wholesalers in the united states. sales of an infliximab biosimilar in the u.s. market will result in a reduction in u.s. sales of remicade®.
global sales in the company's pharmaceutical and medical devices segments may be negatively impacted by healthcare reforms and increasing pricing pressures.
sales of the company's pharmaceutical and medical device products are significantly affected by reimbursements by third-party payers such as government healthcare programs, private insurance plans and managed care organizations. as part of various efforts to contain healthcare costs, these payers are putting downward pressure on prices at which products will be reimbursed. in the united states, increased purchasing power of entities that negotiate on behalf of medicare, medicaid, and private sector beneficiaries, in part due to continued consolidation among health care providers, could result in further pricing pressures. outside the united states, numerous major markets, including the eu and japan, have pervasive government involvement in funding healthcare and, in that regard, directly or indirectly impose price controls, limit access to, or reimbursement for, the company's products, or reduce the value of its intellectual property protection.
in the ordinary course of business, johnson & johnson and its subsidiaries are subject to numerous claims and lawsuits involving various issues such as patent disputes, product liability and claims that their product sales, marketing and pricing practices violate various antitrust, unfair trade practices and/or consumer protection laws. the most significant of these proceedings are described in note 21, "legal proceedings" under notes to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report. while the company believes it has substantial defenses in these matters, it is not feasible to predict the ultimate outcome of litigation. the company could in the future be required to pay significant amounts as a result of settlements or judgments in these matters, potentially in excess of accruals. the resolution of, or increase in accruals for, one or more of these matters in any reporting period could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations and cash flows for that period. furthermore, as a result of cost and availability factors, effective november 1, 2005, the company ceased purchasing third-party product liability insurance.
product reliability, safety and effectiveness concerns can have significant negative impacts on sales and results of operations, lead to litigation and cause reputational damage.
concerns about product safety, whether raised internally or by regulators or consumer advocates, and whether or not based on scientific evidence, can result in safety alerts, product recalls, governmental investigations, regulatory action on the part of the fda (or its counterpart in other countries), private claims and lawsuits, payment of fines and settlements, declining sales and reputational damage. these circumstances can also result in damage to brand image, brand equity and consumer trust in the company's products. product recalls have in the past, and could in the future, prompt government investigations and inspections, the shutdown of manufacturing facilities, continued product shortages and related sales declines, significant remediation costs, reputational damage, possible civil penalties and criminal prosecution.
changes in tax laws or exposures to additional tax liabilities could negatively impact the company's operating results.
changes in tax laws or regulations, including tax reform proposals in the u.s., belgium and switzerland, could negatively impact the company's effective tax rate and results of operations. a change in statutory tax rate may result in the revaluation of the company's deferred tax assets and liabilities related to the relevant jurisdiction in the period in which the new tax law is enacted, potentially resulting in a material expense or benefit recorded to the company's consolidated statement of earnings for that period.  for a discussion of risks of changes in tax rates in other countries, including belgium, please see "management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition-other information-economic and market factors" in item 7 of this report.
the company conducts business and files tax returns in numerous countries and currently has tax audits in progress with many tax authorities. in connection with the organization for economic cooperation and development base erosion and profit shifting (beps) project, starting in 2017, companies are required to disclose more information to tax authorities on operations around the world, which may lead to greater audit scrutiny of profits earned in other countries.  the company regularly assesses the likely outcomes of its tax audits to determine the appropriateness of its tax reserves. however, any tax authority
could take a position on tax treatment that is contrary to the company's expectations, which could result in tax liabilities in excess of reserves.
the company may not be able to successfully secure and defend intellectual property rights essential to the company's businesses.
the company owns or licenses a significant number of patents and other proprietary rights, determined by patent offices, courts and lawmakers in various countries, relating to its products and manufacturing processes. these rights are essential to the company's businesses and materially important to the company's results of operations. public policy, both within and outside the u.s., has become increasingly unfavorable toward intellectual property rights. the company cannot be certain that it will obtain adequate patent protection for new products and technologies in the u.s. and other important markets or that such protections, once granted, will last as long as originally anticipated.
competitors routinely challenge the validity or extent of the company's owned or licensed patents and proprietary rights through litigation, interferences, oppositions and other proceedings. these proceedings absorb resources and can be protracted as well as unpredictable. in addition, challenges that the company's products infringe the patents of third parties could result in the need to pay past damages and future royalties and adversely affect the competitive position and sales of the products in question.
the company has faced increasing patent challenges from third parties seeking to manufacture and market generic and biosimilar versions of the company's key pharmaceutical products prior to expiration of the applicable patents covering those products. in the united states, manufacturers of generic versions of innovative human pharmaceutical products may challenge the validity, or claim non-infringement, of innovator products through the abbreviated new drug application, or anda, process with the fda. the bpcia, enacted in 2010, which created a new regulatory pathway for the approval by the fda of biosimilar alternatives to innovator-developed biological products, also created mechanisms for biosimilar applicants to challenge the patents on the innovator biologics. the inter partes review (ipr) process with the uspto, created under the 2011 america invents act, is also being used by competitors to challenge patents held by the company's subsidiaries. for example, a key patent for zytiga® is currently subject to patent litigation and several ipr proceedings brought by generic companies seeking to invalidate the patent.
in the event the company is not successful in defending its patents against such challenges, or upon the "at-risk" launch (despite pending patent infringement litigation) by the generic or biosimilar firm of its product, the company can lose a major portion of revenues for the referenced product in a very short period of time. current legal proceedings involving the company's patents and other intellectual property rights are described in note 21, "legal proceedings-intellectual property" of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report.
the company's businesses operate in highly competitive product markets and competitive pressures could adversely affect the company's earnings.
the company faces substantial competition in all three operating segments and in all geographic markets. the company's businesses compete with companies of all sizes on the basis of cost-effectiveness, technological innovations, intellectual property rights, product performance, real or perceived product advantages, pricing and availability and rate of reimbursement. the company also competes with other market participants in securing rights to acquisitions, collaborations and licensing agreements with third parties. competition for rights to product candidates and technologies may result in significant investment and acquisition costs and onerous agreement terms for the company. competitors' development of more effective or less costly products, and/or their ability to secure patent and other intellectual property rights and successfully market products ahead of us, could negatively impact sales of the company's existing products as well as its ability to bring new products to market despite significant prior investment in the related product development.
for the company's pharmaceutical businesses, loss of patent exclusivity for a product often is followed by a substantial reduction in sales as competitors gain regulatory approval for generic and other competing products and enter the market. similar competition can be triggered by the loss of exclusivity for a biological product. for the company's medical device businesses, technological innovation, product quality, reputation and customer service are especially important to competitiveness. development by other companies of new or improved products, processes and technologies could threaten to make the company's products or technologies less desirable, less economical or obsolete. the company's consumer businesses face intense competition from other branded products and retailers' private-label brands. if the company fails to sufficiently differentiate and market its brand name consumer products, this could adversely affect revenues and profitability of those products.
significant challenges or delays in the company's innovation and development of new products, technologies and indications could have an adverse impact on the company's long-term success.
the company's continued growth and success depends on its ability to innovate and develop new and differentiated products and services that address the evolving health care needs of patients, providers and consumers. development of successful products and technologies is also necessary to offset revenue losses when the company's existing products lose market share due to various factors such as competition and loss of patent exclusivity. new products introduced within the past five years accounted for approximately 22% of 2016 sales. the company cannot be certain when or whether it will be able to develop, license or otherwise acquire companies, products and technologies, whether particular product candidates will be granted regulatory approval, and, if approved, whether the products will be commercially successful.
the company pursues product development through internal research and development as well as through collaborations, acquisitions, joint ventures and licensing or other arrangements with third parties. in all of these contexts, developing new products, particularly pharmaceutical and biotechnology products and medical devices, requires significant investment of resources over many years. only a very few biopharmaceutical research and development programs result in commercially viable products. the process depends on many factors including the ability to discern patients' and health care providers' future needs; develop promising new compounds, strategies and technologies; achieve successful clinical trial results; secure effective intellectual property protection; obtain regulatory approvals on a timely basis; and, if and when they reach the market, successfully differentiate the company's products from competing products and approaches to treatment. new products or enhancements to existing products may not be accepted quickly or significantly in the marketplace due to product and price competition, changes in customer preferences or healthcare purchasing patterns, resistance by healthcare providers or uncertainty over third-party reimbursement. even following initial regulatory approval, the success of a product can be adversely impacted by safety and efficacy findings in larger real world patient populations, as well as market entry of competitive products.
the company faces increasing regulatory scrutiny which imposes significant compliance costs and exposes the company to government investigations, legal actions and penalties.
like other companies in the healthcare industry, the company is subject to extensive regulation, investigations and legal action, by national, state and local government agencies in the united states and other countries in which they operate. regulatory issues regarding compliance with good manufacturing practices (cgmp) (and comparable quality regulations in foreign countries) by manufacturers of drugs, devices and consumer products can lead to fines and penalties, product recalls, product shortages, interruptions in production, delays in new product approvals and litigation. in addition, the marketing, pricing and sale of the company's products are subject to regulation, investigations and legal actions including under the federal food, drug, and cosmetic act, the medicaid rebate program, federal and state false claims acts, state unfair trade practices acts and consumer protection laws. increased scrutiny of health care industry business practices in recent years by government agencies and state attorneys general in the u.s., and any resulting investigations and prosecutions, carry risk of significant civil and criminal penalties including, but not limited to, debarment from participation in government healthcare programs. any such debarment could have a material adverse effect on the company's business and results of operations. the most significant current investigations and litigation brought by government agencies are described in note 21, "legal proceedings-government proceedings" under notes to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report.
the company faces a variety of risks associated with conducting business internationally.
the company's extensive operations and business activity outside the u.s. are accompanied by certain financial, economic and political risks, including those listed below.
foreign currency exchange: in fiscal 2016, approximately 47% of the company's sales occurred outside of the u.s., with approximately 22% in europe, 8% in the western hemisphere, excluding the u.s., and 17% in the asia-pacific and africa region. changes in non-u.s. currencies relative to the u.s. dollar impact the company's revenues and expenses. while the company uses financial instruments to mitigate the impact of fluctuations in currency exchange rates on its cash flows, unhedged exposures continue to be subject to currency fluctuations. in addition, the weakening or strengthening of the u.s. dollar may result in significant favorable or unfavorable translation effects when the operating results of the company's non-u.s. business activity are translated into u.s. dollars.
inflation and currency devaluation risks: the company faces challenges in maintaining profitability of operations in economies experiencing high inflation rates. the company has accounted for operations in venezuela as highly inflationary, as the prior three-year cumulative inflation rate surpassed 100%. while the company strives to maintain profit margins in these areas through cost reduction programs, productivity improvements and periodic price increases, it might experience operating losses as a result of continued inflation. in addition, the impact of currency devaluations in countries experiencing high inflation rates or significant currency exchange fluctuations could negatively impact the company's operating results.
illegal importation of pharmaceutical products: the illegal importation of pharmaceutical products from countries where government price controls or other market dynamics result in lower prices may adversely affect the company's sales and profitability in the u.s. and other countries in which the company operates. with the exception of limited quantities of prescription drugs for personal use, foreign imports of pharmaceutical products are illegal under current u.s. law. however, the volume of illegal imports continues to rise as the ability of patients and other customers to obtain the lower-priced imports has grown significantly.
anti-bribery and other regulations: the company is subject to various federal and foreign laws that govern its international business practices with respect to payments to government officials. those laws include the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act (fcpa), which prohibits u.s. publicly traded companies, from promising, offering, or giving anything of value to foreign officials with the corrupt intent of influencing the foreign official for the purpose of helping the company obtain or retain business or gain any improper advantage. the company's business is heavily regulated and therefore involves significant interaction with foreign officials. also, in many countries outside the u.s., the health care providers who prescribe human pharmaceuticals are employed by the government and the purchasers of human pharmaceuticals are government entities; therefore, the company's interactions with these prescribers and purchasers are subject to regulation under the fcpa. in addition to the u.s. application and enforcement of the fcpa, various jurisdictions in which the company operates have laws and regulations, including the u.k bribery act 2010, aimed at preventing and penalizing corrupt and anticompetitive behavior. enforcement activities under these laws could subject the company to additional administrative and legal proceedings and actions, which could include claims for civil penalties, criminal sanctions, and administrative remedies, including exclusion from health care programs.
other legal, social and political risks. other risks inherent in conducting business globally include:
•   protective economic policies taken by governments such as trade protection measures and import/export licensing requirements;
•   compliance with local regulations and laws including, in some countries, regulatory requirements restricting the company's ability to manufacture or sell its products in the relevant market;
•   potential nationalization or expropriation of the company's foreign assets; and
•   disruptions to markets due to war, armed conflict, terrorism, social upheavals or pandemics.
interruptions and delays in manufacturing operations could adversely affect the company's business, sales and reputation.
the company's manufacture of products requires the timely delivery of sufficient amounts of complex, high-quality components and materials. these subsidiaries operate 119 manufacturing facilities as well as sourcing from hundreds of suppliers around the world. the company has in the past, and may in the future, face unanticipated interruptions and delays in manufacturing through its internal or external supply chain. manufacturing disruptions can occur for many reasons including regulatory action, production quality deviations or safety issues, labor disputes, site-specific incidents (such as fires), natural disasters, raw material shortages, political unrest and terrorist attacks. such delays and difficulties in manufacturing can result in product shortages, declines in sales and reputational impact as well as significant remediation and related costs associated with addressing the shortage.
an information security incident, including a cybersecurity breach, could have a negative impact to the company's business or reputation to meet business objectives, the company relies on both internal information technology (it) systems and networks, and those of third parties and their vendors, to process and store sensitive data, including confidential research, business plans, financial information, intellectual property, and personal data. the extensive information security and cybersecurity threats, which affect companies globally, pose a risk to the security and availability of these it systems and networks, and the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the company's sensitive data. the company continually assesses these threats and makes investments to increase internal protection, detection, and response capabilities, as well as ensure the company's third party providers have required capabilities and controls, to address this risk. to date, the company has not experienced any material impact to our business or operations resulting from information or cybersecurity attacks; however, because of the frequently changing attack techniques, along with the increased volume and sophistication of the attacks, there is the potential for the company to be adversely impacted. this impact could result in reputational, competitive, operational or other business harm as well as financial costs and regulatory action.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition organization and business segments description of the company and business segments johnson & johnson and its subsidiaries (the company) have approximately 126,400 employees worldwide engaged in the research and development, manufacture and sale of a broad range of products in the health care field. the company conducts business in virtually all countries of the world with the primary focus on products related to human health and well-being.
the company is organized into three business segments: consumer, pharmaceutical and medical devices. the consumer segment includes a broad range of products used in the baby care, oral care, beauty (previously referred to as skin care), over-the-counter pharmaceutical, women's health and wound care markets. these products are marketed to the general public and sold both to retail outlets and distributors throughout the world. the pharmaceutical segment is focused on five therapeutic areas, including immunology, infectious diseases, neuroscience, oncology, and cardiovascular and metabolic diseases. products in this segment are distributed directly to retailers, wholesalers, hospitals and health care professionals for prescription use. the medical devices segment includes a broad range of products used in the orthopaedic, surgery, cardiovascular, diabetes care and vision care fields which are distributed to wholesalers, hospitals and retailers, and used principally in the professional fields by physicians, nurses, hospitals, eye care professionals and clinics.
the executive committee of johnson & johnson is the principal management group responsible for the strategic operations and allocation of the resources of the company. this committee oversees and coordinates the activities of the consumer, pharmaceutical and medical devices business segments.
in all of its product lines, the company competes with companies both locally and globally, throughout the world. competition exists in all product lines without regard to the number and size of the competing companies involved. competition in research, involving the development and the improvement of new and existing products and processes, is particularly significant. the development of new and innovative products, as well as protecting the underlying intellectual property of the company's product portfolio, is important to the company's success in all areas of its business. the competitive environment requires substantial investments in continuing research. in addition, the development and maintenance of customer demand for the company's consumer products involves significant expenditures for advertising and promotion.
management's objectives the company manages within a strategic framework with our credo as the foundation. the company believes that our strategic operating principles: being broadly based in human health care, managing the business for the long term, having a decentralized management approach, and being committed to our people and values, are crucial to successfully meeting the demands of the rapidly evolving markets in which we compete. to this end, management is focused on our long-term strategic growth drivers: creating value through innovation, expanding our global reach with a local focus, excellence in execution and leading with purpose.
the company is broadly based in human health care, and is committed to creating value by developing accessible, high quality, innovative products and services. new products introduced within the past five years accounted for approximately 22% of 2016 sales. in 2016, $9.1 billion, or 12.7% of sales, was invested in research and development, reflecting management's commitment to delivering new and differentiated products and services to meet evolving health care needs and sustain the company's long-term growth.
our diverse businesses with more than 230 operating companies located in 60 countries are the key drivers of the company's success. maintaining the company's decentralized management approach, while at the same time leveraging the extensive resources of the enterprise, positions the company well to innovate, execute strategic plans and reach markets globally, as well as address the needs and challenges of the local markets.
in order to remain a leader in health care, the company strives to maintain a purpose-driven organization and is committed to developing global business leaders who can achieve these growth objectives. businesses are managed for the long-term in order to sustain market leadership positions and enable growth, which provides an enduring source of value to our shareholders.
our credo unifies all johnson & johnson employees in achieving these objectives, and provides a common set of values that serve as the foundation of the company's responsibilities to patients, consumers and health care professionals, employees, communities and shareholders. the company believes that these foundational values, its strategic framework and long-term growth drivers, along with its overall mission of improving the quality of life for people around the world, will enable johnson & johnson to continue to be a leader in the health care industry.
results of operations analysis of consolidated sales in 2016, worldwide sales increased 2.6% to $71.9 billion, compared to a decrease of 5.7% in 2015 and an increase of 4.2% in 2014. these sales changes consisted of the following:
in 2016, acquisitions and divestitures had a negative impact of 1.1% on the worldwide operational sales growth and competitive products to the company's hepatitis c products, olysio®/sovriad® (simeprevir) and incivo® (telaprevir), had a negative impact of 0.8% on the worldwide operational sales growth. operations in venezuela negatively impacted the worldwide operational sales growth 0.3%.
in 2015, the introduction of competitive products to the company's hepatitis c products, olysio®/sovriad® (simeprevir) and incivo® (telaprevir), had a negative impact of 2.7% on the worldwide operational sales growth. in 2015, the impact of acquisitions and divestitures on the worldwide operational sales growth was negative 2.0%.
in 2014, sales of the company's hepatitis c products, olysio®/sovriad® (simeprevir) and incivo® (telaprevir), had a positive impact of 2.8%, and the divestiture of the ortho-clinical diagnostics business had a negative impact of 1.4% on the worldwide operational growth.
the five-year compound annual growth rates for worldwide, u.s. and international sales were 2.0%, 5.5% and (1.2)%, respectively. the ten-year compound annual growth rates for worldwide, u.s. and international sales were 3.0%, 2.4% and 3.8%, respectively.
sales by companies in europe experienced a decline of 1.4% as compared to the prior year, including operational growth of 1.4%, offset by a negative currency impact of 2.8%. sales by companies in the western hemisphere (excluding the u.s.) experienced a decline of 5.1% as compared to the prior year, including operational growth of 4.0% offset by a negative currency impact of 9.1%. sales by companies in the asia-pacific, africa region achieved growth of 1.8% as compared to the prior year, including operational growth of 1.4% and a positive currency impact of 0.4%.
the 2016 sales growth percentage as compared to the prior year was negatively impacted by approximately 1.3% from additional shipping days in 2015. (see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for annual closing date details). while the additional week in 2015 added a few days to sales, it also added a full week's worth of operating costs; therefore, the net earnings impact was negligible.
in 2016, the company had two wholesalers distributing products for all three segments that represented approximately 13.5% and 10.7% of the total consolidated revenues. in 2015 and 2014, the company had one wholesaler distributing products for all three segments that represented approximately 12.5% and 11.0%, respectively, of the total consolidated revenues.
analysis of sales by business segments consumer segment consumer segment sales in 2016 were $13.3 billion, a decrease of 1.5% from 2015, which included 1.5% operational growth offset by a negative currency impact of 3.0%. u.s. consumer segment sales were $5.4 billion, an increase of 3.8%. international sales were $7.9 billion, a decrease of 4.8%, which included 0.1% operational growth offset by a negative currency impact of 4.9%. in 2016, the impact of acquisitions and divestitures on the consumer segment operational sales growth was negative 0.5%. in 2016, the consumer segment operational sales growth was negatively impacted 1.2% by operations in venezuela and negatively impacted by 1.1% due to additional shipping days in 2015.
major consumer franchise sales:*
% change
total consumer sales          $13,307           13,507           14,496            (1.5   )%           (6.8   )
* prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to current year product disclosure.
** formerly skin care the over-the-counter (otc) franchise sales of $4.0 billion increased 2.1% as compared to the prior year, which included 4.8% operational growth and a negative currency impact of 2.7%. operational growth was primarily driven by analgesics, anti-smoking aids and digestive health products.
the beauty franchise sales of $3.9 billion increased 7.3% as compared to the prior year, which included 9.4% operational growth and a negative currency impact of 2.1%. operational growth was primarily due to sales from the recent acquisitions of vogue international llc, which contributed approximately 4.6%, and neostrata company, inc., as well as sales growth of neutrogena®, aveeno® adult products and dabao® products.
the baby care franchise sales were $2.0 billion in 2016, a decrease of 7.2% compared to the prior year, primarily due to competitive pressure partially offset by sales growth of aveeno® baby products.
the oral care franchise sales were $1.6 billion in 2016, a decrease of 0.8% as compared to the prior year, which included 2.0% operational growth and a negative currency impact of 2.8%. operational growth was driven by increased sales of listerine® products, attributable to new product launches and successful marketing campaigns.
the women's health franchise sales were $1.1 billion in 2016, a decrease of 11.1% as compared to the prior year, primarily due to operations in venezuela and the u.s. divestiture of tucks®.
the wound care/other franchise sales were $0.8 billion in 2016, a decrease of 23.5% from 2015, primarily due to the splenda® divestiture.
consumer segment sales in 2015 were $13.5 billion, a decrease of 6.8% from 2014, which included 2.7% operational growth offset by a negative currency impact of 9.5%. u.s. consumer segment sales were $5.2 billion, an increase of 2.5%. international sales were $8.3 billion, a decrease of 11.9%, which included 2.7% operational growth offset by a negative currency impact of 14.6%. in 2015, divestitures had a negative impact of 1.4% on the worldwide consumer segment operational growth.
pharmaceutical segment pharmaceutical segment sales in 2016 were $33.5 billion, an increase of 6.5% from 2015, which included operational growth of 7.4% partially offset by a negative currency impact of 0.9%. u.s. sales were $20.1 billion, an increase of 9.8%. international sales were $13.3 billion, an increase of 1.8%, which included 4.0% operational growth partially offset by a negative currency impact of 2.2%. in 2016, acquisitions, divestitures and competitive products to the company's hepatitis c products, olysio®/sovriad® (simeprevir) and incivo® (telaprevir), had a negative impact of 2.5% on the operational growth of the pharmaceutical segment. in 2016, the pharmaceutical segment operational growth was negatively impacted by 1.5% due to additional shipping days in 2015. the pharmaceutical segment operational growth for 2016, as compared to the prior year, was not impacted by adjustments to previous reserve estimates as both periods included approximately $0.5 billion of adjustments.
% change
procrit®/eprex®                               1,105            1,068            1,238              3.5                (13.7   )
* prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation.
immunology products achieved sales of $12.0 billion in 2016, representing an increase of 15.1% as compared to the prior year. immunology products growth of 15.1% included operational growth of 15.9% and a negative currency impact of 0.8%. the strong growth of remicade®(infliximab), stelara® (ustekinumab) and simponi®/simponi aria® (golimumab)was primarily driven by immunology market growth and increased penetration for both stelara® (ustekinumab) and simponi®/simponi aria® (golimumab).
the patents for remicade®(infliximab) in certain countries in europe expired in february 2015. biosimilar versions of remicade® have been introduced in certain markets outside the united states, resulting in a reduction in sales of remicade® in those markets. additional biosimilar competition will likely result in a further reduction in remicade® sales in markets outside the united states. the introduction of a biosimilar version of remicade® in the united states is subject to enforcement of patent rights, approval by the u.s. food and drug administration (fda) and compliance with the 180-day notice provisions of the biologics price competition and innovation act (the bpcia). in april 2016, the fda approved for sale in the united states an infliximab biosimilar to be marketed by a subsidiary of pfizer inc. in october 2016, the period for notice of launch under the bpcia passed and pfizer inc., began shipment of an infliximab biosimilar to wholesalers in the united states in late november 2016. sales of an infliximab biosimilar in the u.s. market will result in a reduction in u.s. sales of remicade®. the company continues to assert remicade® related patent rights. see note 21 to the consolidated financial statements for a description of legal matters regarding the remicade® patents.
infectious disease products sales were $3.2 billion, a decline of 12.3% from 2015, which included an operational decrease of 11.2% and a negative currency impact of 1.1%. competitive products to the company's hepatitis c products, olysio®/sovriad® (simeprevir) and incivo® (telaprevir), had a significant negative impact on sales. the decline of hepatitis c sales was partially offset by sales growth of edurant®(rilpivirine) and prezcobix®(darunavir/cobicistat).
neuroscience products sales were $6.1 billion, a decrease of 2.8% from 2015, which included an operational decrease of 2.3% and a negative currency impact of 0.5%. strong sales of invega sustenna®/xeplion®/ trinza®(paliperidone palmitate) were offset by lower sales of invega® (paliperidone) due to generic competition, risperdal consta® (risperidone) and the impact of divestitures. sales growth of concerta®/methylphenidate was primarily due to a therapeutic equivalence reclassification of generic competitors.
oncology products achieved sales of $5.8 billion in 2016, representing an increase of 23.7% as compared to the prior year. oncology products growth of 23.7% included operational growth of 25.2% and a negative currency impact of 1.5%. contributors to the growth of oncology products were strong sales of imbruvica® (ibrutinib) and darzalex® (daratumumab) due to patient uptake, additional country launches and additional indications for imbruvica®. generic competition negatively impacted the sales growth of velcade®(bortezomib). sales growth of zytiga® (abiraterone acetate) in the asia pacific region, primarily due to the launch in china earlier this year, was partially offset by lower sales in europe due to competition.
cardiovascular/metabolism/other products sales were $6.4 billion, a decline of 0.3% from 2015, which included an operational increase of 0.8% and a negative currency impact of 1.1%. contributors to the growth were strong sales of xarelto®(rivaroxaban) due to market share growth and invokana®/invokamet® (canagliflozin) due to market growth and continued uptake in the european union and canada. sales of hormonal contraceptives were negatively impacted by generic competition and a higher adjustment to previous reserve estimates in 2015 as compared to 2016, which negatively impacted cardiovascular/metabolism/other by approximately 2.3%.
during 2016, the company advanced its pipeline with several regulatory submissions and approvals for new drugs and additional indications for existing drugs as follows:
product name (chemical name)                               indication                                                                                                                                                                                     us approv   eu approv   us filing   eu filing darzalex® (daratumumab)                                    in combination with lenalidomide and dexamethasone, or bortezomib and dexamethasone, for the treatment of patients with multiple myeloma who have received at least one prior therapy          ü                                   ü
for the treatment of double refractory multiple myeloma                                                                                                                                                    ü
darunavir str                                              single tablet regimen for hiv in treatment naive patients and treatment experienced patients                                                                                                                                       ü
guselkumab                                                 treatment of adults living with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis                                                                                                                                                    ü           ü
imbruvica® (ibrutinib)                                     additional indication for first-line treatment of chronic lymphocytic leukemia                                                                                                                 ü           ü
expanded label to include overall survival and combination data in chronic lymphocytic leukemia/small lymphocytic lymphoma (cll/sll)                                                           ü
expanded label to include treatment for patients with relapsed or refractory chronic lymphocytic leukemia (cll) or small lymphocytic lymphoma in combination with bendamustine and rituximab   ü           ü
invokamet® (canagliflozin)                                 initial therapy fdc with metformin, immediate release                                                                                                                                          ü
invokamet® xr (canagliflozin)                              a once-daily therapy combining fixed doses of canagliflozin and metformin hydrochloride extended release for the treatment of adults with type 2 diabetes                                      ü
simponi® (golimumab)                                       treatment of polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis                                                                                                                                                   ü
simponi aria® (golimumab)                                  treatment of adults living with active psoriatic arthritis and the treatment of adults living with active ankylosing spondylitis                                                                                       ü
sirukumab                                                  treatment of rheumatoid arthritis                                                                                                                                                                                      ü           ü
stelara® (ustekinumab)                                     treatment of adults with moderately to severely active crohn's disease                                                                                                                         ü           ü
treatment of adolescents (12 to 17 years of age) with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis                                                                                                                              ü
trevicta® (paliperidone palmitate a 3 monthly injection)   maintenance treatment of schizophrenia in adult patients                                                                                                                                                   ü
pharmaceutical segment sales in 2015 were $31.4 billion, a decrease of 2.7% from 2014, which included operational growth of 4.2% offset by a negative currency impact of 6.9%. u.s. sales were $18.3 billion, an increase of 5.2%. international sales were $13.1 billion, a decrease of 12.0%, which included 3.0% operational growth offset by a negative currency impact of 15.0%. the pharmaceutical segment operational growth was negatively impacted by 6.5% due to the introduction of competitive products to the company's hepatitis c products, olysio®/sovriad® (simeprevir) and incivo® (telaprevir), and positively impacted by 1.4% due to an adjustment to previous reserve estimates, including managed medicaid rebates primarily in the cardiovascular/metabolism/other therapeutic area. in 2015, divestitures had a negative impact of 0.3% on the worldwide pharmaceutical segment operational growth.
medical devices segment the medical devices segment sales in 2016 were $25.1 billion, a decrease of 0.1% from 2015, which included an operational increase of 0.9% and a negative currency impact of 1.0%. u.s. sales were $12.3 billion, an increase of 1.1% as compared to the prior year. international sales were $12.9 billion, a decrease of 1.2% as compared to the prior year, with an operational increase of 0.7% and a negative currency impact of 1.9%. in 2016, acquisitions and divestitures had a negative impact of 1.8% on the worldwide operational growth of the medical devices segment as compared to 2015. in 2016, the medical devices segment operational growth was negatively impacted by 0.9% due to additional shipping days in 2015.
% change
* on june 30, 2014, the company divested the ortho-clinical diagnostics business (the diagnostics franchise)
the orthopaedics franchise sales were $9.3 billion in 2016, an increase of 0.8% from 2015, which included operational growth of 1.8% and a negative currency impact of 1.0%. sales growth was primarily driven by market growth, u.s. sales of the trauma tfna nailing system, worldwide sales of the hip primary stem platform and the attune® knee system. growth was negatively impacted by continued pricing pressures.
the surgery franchise sales were $9.3 billion in 2016, an increase of 0.9% from 2015, which included operational growth of 2.3% and a negative currency impact of 1.4%. operational growth in advanced surgery was driven by endocutter, energy and biosurgery products, primarily attributable to market growth, increased penetration in certain markets and new product launches. the acquisition of neuwave medical, inc. also contributed to growth. the operational decline in general surgery was due to lower sales of women's health and urology products and pricing pressures partially offset by growth of sutures. the operational decline in specialty surgery was primarily due to lower sales of acclarent products and advanced sterilization products outside the u.s., divestitures and competitive pressures in sterilmed partially offset by growth of mentor products outside the u.s.
the vision care franchise achieved sales of $2.8 billion in 2016, an increase of 6.8% from 2015, which included operational growth of 6.4% and a positive currency impact of 0.4%. growth in all the major regions was primarily driven by new product launches.
the cardiovascular franchise sales were $1.8 billion, a decrease of 9.2% from 2015, which represented an operational decline of 9.2%. strong operational growth in the electrophysiology business driven by market growth, share growth and new product launches was more than offset by the impact of divesting the cordis business. the company completed the divestiture of the cordis business to cardinal health on october 4, 2015. for additional details see note 20 to the consolidated financial statements.
the diabetes care franchise sales were $1.8 billion, a decrease of 7.2% from 2015, which represented an operational decline of 5.9% and a negative currency impact of 1.3%. the operational decline was primarily due to price declines and competitive pressures. on january 26, 2017, subsequent to year-end, the company announced it is engaging in a process to evaluate potential strategic options for the diabetes care franchise.
the medical devices segment sales in 2015 were $25.1 billion, a decrease of 8.7% from 2014, which included an operational decline of 1.4% and a negative currency impact of 7.3%. u.s. sales were $12.1 billion, a decrease of 1.0% as
compared to the prior year. international sales were $13.0 billion, a decrease of 14.8% as compared to the prior year, with an operational decrease of 1.7% and a negative currency impact of 13.1%. the divestitures of the ortho-clinical diagnostics and the cordis businesses had a negative impact of 3.2% and 0.6%, respectively, on the worldwide operational growth of the medical devices segment as compared to 2014.
analysis of consolidated earnings before provision for taxes on income consolidated earnings before provision for taxes on income increased to $19.8 billion in 2016, as compared to $19.2 billion in 2015, an increase of 3.2%. the increase was primarily attributable to higher sales volume, favorable mix in the business and lower selling, marketing and administrative costs. this was partially offset by higher net litigation expense of $0.7 billion and a higher restructuring charge of $0.1 billion as compared to 2015. additionally, the fiscal year 2015 included higher gains on the sale of assets/businesses as compared to 2016. the fiscal year of 2016 included gains of $0.6 billion from the divestitures of the controlled substance raw material and api business, certain anesthetic products in europe and certain non-strategic consumer brands versus gains of $2.6 billion recorded in 2015 primarily from the divestiture of the cordis business, the u.s. divestiture of nucynta® and the splenda® brand. this was partially offset by a $0.3 billion intangible asset write-down related to acclarent included in 2015.
consolidated earnings before provision for taxes on income decreased to $19.2 billion in 2015, as compared to $20.6 billion in 2014, a decrease of 6.6%. the decrease was primarily attributable to significantly lower sales of olysio®/sovriad® (simeprevir), negative currency impacts, a restructuring charge of $0.6 billion and higher intangible asset write-downs of $0.1 billion in 2015 as compared to 2014. the decrease was partially offset by lower net litigation expense of $1.1 billion, lower synthes integration costs of $0.6 billion, a positive adjustment of $0.4 billion to previous reserve estimates including managed medicaid rebates, and higher gains of $0.3 billion from divestitures as compared to the prior year. the fiscal year 2015 included higher gains of $0.3 billion primarily from the divestitures of the cordis business, the splenda® brand and the u.s. divestiture of nucynta® versus the gains recorded in 2014 from the divestitures of the ortho-clinical diagnostics business and the k-y® brand. additionally, 2014 included an additional year of the branded prescription drug fee of $0.2 billion.
as a percent to sales, consolidated earnings before provision for taxes on income in 2016 was 27.5% versus 27.4% in 2015.
cost of products sold and selling, marketing and administrative expenses:  cost of products sold and selling, marketing and administrative expenses as a percent to sales were as follows:
selling, marketing and administrative expenses               27.7   %      30.3            29.5
in 2016, cost of products sold as a percent to sales decreased to 30.2% from 30.7% as compared to the same period a year ago. favorable mix in the business and cost improvement programs was partially offset by the unfavorable impact of transactional currency. intangible asset amortization expense of $1.2 billion was included in cost of products sold for 2016 and 2015. there was a decrease in the percent to sales of selling, marketing and administrative expenses in 2016 compared to the prior year, primarily due to cost management in all the segments and favorable mix.
in 2015, cost of products sold as a percent to sales increased slightly as compared to the prior year. favorable mix between the segments was offset by $81 million associated with the restructuring activity in the medical devices segment, negative transactional currency and lower sales of olysio®/sovriad® (simeprevir) in 2015. intangible asset amortization expense included in cost of products sold for 2015 and 2014 was $1.2 billion and $1.4 billion, respectively. there was an increase in the percent to sales of selling, marketing and administrative expenses in 2015 compared to the prior year, primarily due to incremental investment spending in all the segments and the impact from lower sales of olysio®/sovriad® (simeprevir), partially offset by favorable mix and the inclusion of an additional year of the branded prescription drug fee of $0.2 billion in 2014.
research and development expense: research and development expense by segment of business was as follows:
consumer                                                   $580               4.4   %             625                4.6                 629                4.3
total research and development expense                   $9,095              12.7   %           9,046               12.9               8,494               11.4
*   as a percent to segment sales research and development activities represent a significant part of the company's business. these expenditures relate to the processes of discovering, testing and developing new products, upfront payments and milestones, improving existing products, as well as ensuring product efficacy and regulatory compliance prior to launch. the company remains committed to investing in research and development with the aim of delivering high quality and innovative products. in 2016, worldwide costs of research and development activities increased by 0.5% compared to 2015 but decreased as a percent of sales. the decrease as a percent of sales was attributable to higher overall sales in the pharmaceutical segment. the increased dollar spend in the pharmaceutical segment was for investment spending to advance the pipeline. in 2015, worldwide costs of research and development activities increased by 6.5% compared to 2014. the increase as a percent to sales was attributable to increased investment spending primarily in the pharmaceutical segment, lower overall sales and business mix.
in-process research and development (ipr&d): in 2016, the company recorded an ipr&d charge of $29 million for the discontinuation of a development program related to crucell. in 2015, the company recorded an ipr&d charge of $0.2 billion primarily for the discontinuation of certain development projects related to covagen. in 2014, the company recorded an ipr&d charge of $0.2 billion for the impairment of various ipr&d projects related to respivert, crucell, mentor and synthes for the delay or discontinuation of certain development projects.
other (income) expense, net: other (income) expense, net is the account where the company records gains and losses related to the sale and write-down of certain investments in equity securities held by johnson & johnson innovation - jjdc, inc. (jjdc), gains and losses on divestitures, transactional currency gains and losses, acquisition-related costs, litigation accruals and settlements, as well as royalty income. the change in other (income) expense, net for the fiscal year 2016 was an unfavorable change of $2.5 billion as compared to the prior year primarily due to higher gains on the sale of assets/businesses in the fiscal year 2015 as compared to 2016. the fiscal year of 2016 included gains of $0.6 billion from the divestitures of the controlled substance raw material and api business, certain anesthetic products in europe and certain non-strategic consumer brands versus gains of $2.6 billion recorded in 2015 primarily from the divestiture of the cordis business, the u.s. divestiture of nucynta® and the splenda® brand. additionally, the fiscal year of 2016 included higher litigation expense of $0.7 billion as compared to 2015. this was partially offset by a $0.3 billion intangible asset write-down related to acclarent included the fiscal year 2015.
the change in other (income) expense, net for the fiscal year 2015 was a favorable change of $2.0 billion as compared to the prior year primarily due to lower litigation expense of $1.1 billion, lower synthes integration costs of $0.6 billion and higher jjdc portfolio gains of $0.2 billion as compared to the prior year. additionally, the fiscal year 2015 included higher gains of $0.3 billion primarily from the divestitures of the cordis business, the splenda® brand and the u.s. divestiture of nucynta® versus the gains recorded in 2014 from the divestitures of the ortho-clinical diagnostics business and the k-y® brand. this was partially offset by higher intangible asset write-downs of $0.1 billion in 2015.
interest (income) expense:  interest income in 2016 increased by $240 million as compared to 2015 due to a higher average balance of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities and higher interest rates. cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaled $41.9 billion at the end of 2016, and averaged $40.1 billion as compared to the $35.7 billion average cash balance in 2015.
interest expense in 2016 was higher as compared to 2015. the average debt balance was $23.5 billion in 2016 versus $19.3 billion in 2015. the total debt balance at the end of 2016 was $27.1 billion as compared to $19.9 billion at the end of 2015. the higher debt balance of approximately $7.2 billion was primarily due to increased borrowings in february and may of 2016. the company increased borrowings, capitalizing on favorable terms in the capital markets. the proceeds of the borrowings were used for general corporate purposes, primarily the stock repurchase program.
interest income in 2015 increased by $61 million as compared to 2014 due to a higher average balance of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities and higher interest rates. cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaled
$38.4 billion at the end of 2015, and averaged $35.7 billion as compared to the $31.1 billion average cash balance in 2014. the increase in the year-end cash balance was primarily due to cash generated from operating activities.
interest expense in 2015 increased slightly as compared to 2014. the average debt balance was $19.3 billion in 2015 versus $18.5 billion in 2014. the total debt balance at the end of 2015 was $19.9 billion as compared to $18.8 billion at the end of 2014. the higher debt balance of approximately $1.1 billion was an increase in commercial paper for general corporate purposes, primarily the stock repurchase program.
income before tax by segment income before tax by segment of business were as follows:
income before tax                           segment sales                 percent of segment sales
consumer                                               $2,441              1,787              $13,307             13,507               18.3        %              13.2
earnings before provision for taxes on income         $19,803             19,196              $71,890             70,074               27.5        %              27.4
(1)   see note 18 to the consolidated financial statements for more details.
consumer segment:  in 2016, the consumer segment income before tax as a percent to sales was 18.3%, versus 13.2% in 2015, primarily driven by favorable selling, marketing and administrative expenses due to cost management and higher gross profit margins from cost improvement projects and favorable mix. this was partially offset by higher gains in 2015 related to divestitures, primarily the divestiture of the splenda® brand. additionally, operations in venezuela negatively impacted the consumer segment income before tax in 2016 as compared to 2015.
in 2015, the consumer segment income before tax as a percent to sales was 13.2%, versus 13.4% in 2014, primarily due to lower divestiture gains in 2015 versus 2014. in 2015, the consumer segment tax included a gain of $0.3 billion from divestitures, primarily the divestiture of the splenda® brand. in 2014, the consumer segment included a gain $0.5 billion from divestitures, primarily the divestiture of the k-y® brand.
pharmaceutical segment: in 2016, the pharmaceutical segment income before tax as a percent to sales was 38.3% versus 37.3% in 2015. the increase in income before tax was primarily due to strong sales volume growth and favorable selling, marketing and administrative expenses due to cost management. additionally, the fiscal year 2015, had higher gains of $0.7 billion related to divestitures partially offset by a higher ipr&d charge of $0.2 billion as compared to 2016. the fiscal year of 2016 included the gains from the divestitures of the controlled substance raw material and api business and certain anesthetic products in europe versus the gains recorded in 2015 from the u.s. divestiture of nucynta®.
in 2015, the pharmaceutical segment income before tax as a percent to sales was 37.3% versus 36.2% in 2014. the favorable income before tax was primarily due to higher gains recognized in 2015 partially offset by a sales decline of olysio®/sovriad®(simeprevir), increased investment spending and negative currency impacts as compared to 2014. included in 2015 was a gain of $1.0 billion on the u.s. divestiture of nucynta®, as well as receipt of a contingent payment and a positive adjustment to previous reserve estimates, including managed medicaid rebates. additionally, the pharmaceutical segment income before tax in 2014 was negatively impacted by $0.2 billion for an additional year of the branded prescription drug fee and higher intangible asset amortization expense of $0.3 billion primarily related to the write-down of incivo® (telaprevir).
medical devices segment: in 2016, the medical devices segment income before tax as a percent to sales was 22.2% versus 27.2% in 2015. the decrease in the income before tax as a percent to sales was primarily due to lower gains of $1.4 billion related to divestitures, higher litigation expense of $0.8 billion and a higher restructuring charge of $0.1 billion as compared to 2015. this was partially offset by an intangible asset write-down of $0.3 billion related to acclarent in 2015 and favorable selling, marketing and administrative expenses in 2016.
in 2015, the medical devices segment income before tax as a percent to sales was 27.2% versus 28.9% in 2014 primarily due to a restructuring charge of $0.6 billion, an intangible asset write-down of $0.3 billion related to acclarent, and lower gains of $0.5 billion on divestitures as compared to 2014. in 2015, the medical devices segment included gains of $1.4 billion, primarily for the divestiture of the cordis business versus a gain of $1.9 billion recorded in 2014 for the divestiture of the ortho-clinical diagnostics business. the 2015 income before tax was favorably impacted by lower net litigation expense of
$0.9 billion, which included a gain from the litigation settlement agreement of $0.6 billion with guidant, and lower synthes integration costs of $0.6 billion in 2015 as compared to 2014.
restructuring: the company announced restructuring actions in its medical devices segment that are expected to result in annualized pre-tax cost savings of $800 million to $1.0 billion, the majority of which is expected to be realized by the end of 2018. approximately $250 million in savings were realized in 2016. the savings will provide the company with added flexibility and resources to fund investment in new growth opportunities and innovative solutions for customers and patients. the company estimates that, in connection with its plans, it will record pre-tax restructuring related charges of approximately $2.0 billion to $2.4 billion, most of which are expected to be incurred by the end of 2017. in 2016, the company recorded a pre-tax charge of $685 million, of which $45 million is included in cost of products sold and $149 million is included in other (income) expense. in 2015, the company recorded a pre-tax charge of $590 million, of which $81 million was included in cost of products sold. restructuring charges of $1.275 billion have been recorded since the restructuring was announced. see note 22 to the consolidated financial statements for additional details related to the restructuring.
provision for taxes on income:  the worldwide effective income tax rate was 16.5% in 2016, 19.7% in 2015 and 20.6% in 2014. the 2016 effective tax rate decreased by 3.2% as compared to 2015. as described in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the company adopted a new accounting standard for the reporting of additional tax benefits on share-based compensation that vested or were exercised during the fiscal year. the adoption of this new standard reduced the effective tax rate for the fiscal 2016 by 1.8% versus 2015. the remainder of the change in the effective tax rate was primarily related to the lower earnings before taxes in the united states and the settlement of several uncertain tax positions in 2016 versus 2015.
the decrease in the 2015 effective tax rate, as compared to 2014 was primarily attributable to the increases in taxable income in lower tax jurisdictions relative to higher tax jurisdictions and a tax benefit resulting from a restructuring of international affiliates. additionally, the 2014 effective tax rate was affected by the items mentioned below.
the increase in the 2014 effective tax rate, as compared to 2013, was attributable to the following: the divestiture of the ortho-clinical diagnostics business at an approximate 44% effective tax rate, litigation accruals at low tax rates, the mix of earnings into higher tax jurisdictions, primarily the u.s., the accrual of an additional year of the branded prescription drug fee, which is not tax deductible, and additional u.s. tax expense related to a planned increase in dividends from current year foreign earnings as compared to the prior year. these increases to the 2014 effective tax rate were partially offset by a tax benefit of $0.4 billion associated with the conor medsystems divestiture.
the 2014 effective tax rate was also reduced as the company adjusted its unrecognized tax benefits as a result of (i) the federal appeals court's decision in omj pharmaceuticals, inc.'s litigation regarding credits under former section 936 of the internal revenue code and (ii) a settlement of substantially all issues related to the company's u.s. internal revenue service audit of tax years 2006 - 2009.
liquidity and capital resources liquidity & cash flows cash and cash equivalents were $19.0 billion at the end of 2016 as compared to $13.7 billion at the end of 2015. the primary sources and uses of cash that contributed to the $5.3 billion increase were approximately $18.8 billion of cash generated from operating activities offset by $4.8 billion net cash used by investing activities, and $8.6 billion net cash used by financing activities, and $0.2 billion due to the effect on exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents. in addition, the company had $22.9 billion in marketable securities at the end of 2016 and $24.6 billion at the end of 2015. see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for additional details on cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities.
cash flow from operations of $18.8 billion was the result of $16.5 billion of net earnings and $4.9 billion of non-cash expenses and other adjustments for depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation and assets write-downs, reduced by $0.6 billion from net gains on sale of assets/businesses, $0.3 billion related to deferred taxes and $2.4 billion related to accounts receivable, inventories and other current and non-current liabilities. additional sources of operating cash flow of $0.7 billion resulted from an increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities and a decrease in other current and non-current assets.
investing activities use of $4.8 billion was primarily for acquisitions, net of cash acquired of $4.5 billion and additions to property, plant and equipment of $3.2 billion. this was partially offset by proceeds from the net sale of investments primarily marketable securities of $1.8 billion and $1.3 billion of proceeds from the disposal of assets/businesses.
financing activities use of $8.6 billion was primarily for dividends to shareholders of $8.6 billion and $9.0 billion for the repurchase of common stock. financing activities also included a source of $7.9 billion from net proceeds of short and long-term debt and $1.2 billion of proceeds from stock options exercised/employee withholding tax on stock awards, net.
in 2016, the company announced a definitive agreement to acquire abbott medical optics inc. for approximately $4.3 billion and on january 26, 2017, subsequent to year end the company announced a definitive transaction agreement to acquire actelion ltd. for approximately $30.0 billion. abbott medical optics closed on february 27, 2017. the company will use cash held by the company's foreign subsidiaries to pay for these acquisitions.
on october 13, 2015, the company announced that its board of directors approved a share repurchase program, authorizing the company to purchase up to $10.0 billion of the company's shares of common stock. as of january 1, 2017, $7.3 billion has been repurchased under the program. the repurchase program has no time limit and may be delayed or suspended for periods or discontinued at any time. any shares acquired will be available for general corporate purposes. the company intends to finance the share repurchase program through available cash and access to the capital markets. the previous share repurchase program approved on july 21, 2014, authorizing the company to purchase up to $5.0 billion of the company's shares of common stock, was completed on april 28, 2015.
in 2016, the company continued to have access to liquidity through the commercial paper market. the company had a shelf registration with the u.s. securities and exchange commission that expired on february 26, 2017.  the company plans to file a new shelf registration on february 27, 2017 which will enable it to issue debt securities on a timely basis. for additional details on borrowings, see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements.
the company anticipates that operating cash flows, existing credit facilities and access to the capital markets will provide sufficient resources to fund operating needs in 2017.
concentration of credit risk global concentration of credit risk with respect to trade accounts receivables continues to be limited due to the large number of customers globally and adherence to internal credit policies and credit limits. economic challenges in italy, spain, greece and portugal (the southern european region) have impacted certain payment patterns, which have historically been longer than those experienced in the u.s. and other international markets. the total net trade accounts receivable balance in the southern european region was approximately $1.1 billion as of january 1, 2017 and $1.3 billion as of january 3, 2016. approximately $0.7 billion as of january 1, 2017 and approximately $0.8 billion as of january 3, 2016 of the southern european region net trade accounts receivable balance related to the company's consumer, vision care and diabetes care businesses as well as certain pharmaceutical and medical devices customers which are in line with historical collection patterns.
the remaining balance of net trade accounts receivable in the southern european region has been negatively impacted by the timing of payments from certain government owned or supported health care customers, as well as certain distributors of the pharmaceutical and medical devices local affiliates. the total net trade accounts receivable balance for these customers were approximately $0.4 billion at january 1, 2017 and $0.5 billion at january 3, 2016. the company continues to receive payments from these customers and, in some cases, late payments with interest. for customers where payment is expected over periods of time longer than one year, revenue and trade receivables have been discounted over the estimated period of time for collection. allowances for doubtful accounts have been increased for these customers, but have been immaterial to date. the company will continue to work closely with these customers on payment plans, monitor the economic situation and take appropriate actions as necessary.
financing and market risk the company uses financial instruments to manage the impact of foreign exchange rate changes on cash flows. accordingly, the company enters into forward foreign exchange contracts to protect the value of certain foreign currency assets and liabilities and to hedge future foreign currency transactions primarily related to product costs. gains or losses on these contracts are offset by the gains or losses on the underlying transactions. a 10% appreciation of the u.s. dollar from the january 1, 2017 market rates would increase the unrealized value of the company's forward contracts by $23 million. conversely, a 10% depreciation of the u.s. dollar from the january 1, 2017 market rates would decrease the unrealized value of the company's forward contracts by $28 million. in either scenario, the gain or loss on the forward contract would be offset by the gain or loss on the underlying transaction, and therefore, would have no impact on future anticipated earnings and cash flows.
the company hedges the exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, and the effect on certain assets and liabilities in foreign currency, by entering into currency swap contracts. a 1% change in the spread between u.s. and foreign interest rates on the company's interest rate sensitive financial instruments would either increase or decrease the unrealized value of the company's swap contracts by approximately $82 million. in either scenario, at maturity, the gain or loss on the swap contract would be offset by the gain or loss on the underlying transaction, and therefore, would have no impact on future anticipated cash flows.
the company does not enter into financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. further, the company has a policy of only entering into contracts with parties that have at least an investment grade credit rating. the counter-parties to these contracts are major financial institutions and there is no significant concentration of exposure with any one counter-party. management believes the risk of loss is remote.
the company invests in both fixed rate and floating rate interest earning securities which carry a degree of interest rate risk. the fair market value of fixed rate securities may be adversely impacted due to a rise in interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than predicted if interest rates fall. a 1% (100 basis points) change in spread on the company's interest rate sensitive investments would either increase or decrease the unrealized value of cash equivalents and current marketable securities by approximately $336 million.
the company has access to substantial sources of funds at numerous banks worldwide. in september 2016, the company secured a new 364-day credit facility. total credit available to the company approximates $10 billion, which expires on september 14, 2017. interest charged on borrowings under the credit line agreement is based on either bids provided by banks, the prime rate or london interbank offered rates (libor), plus applicable margins. commitment fees under the agreement are not material.
total borrowings at the end of 2016 and 2015 were $27.1 billion and $19.9 billion, respectively. the increase in borrowings between 2016 and 2015 was a result of financing for the company's share repurchase program and general corporate purposes. in 2016, net cash (cash and current marketable securities, net of debt) was $14.8 billion compared to net cash of $18.5 billion in 2015. total debt represented 27.8% of total capital (shareholders' equity and total debt) in 2016 and 21.8% of total capital in 2015. shareholders' equity per share at the end of 2016 was $26.02 compared to $25.82 at year-end 2015, an increase of 0.8%.
a summary of borrowings can be found in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements.
contractual obligations and commitments the company's contractual obligations are primarily for leases, debt and unfunded retirement plans. there are no other significant obligations. to satisfy these obligations, the company will use cash from operations. the following table summarizes the company's contractual obligations and their aggregate maturities as of january 1, 2017 (see notes 7, 10 and 16 to the consolidated financial statements for further details):
for tax matters, see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements. for other retirement plan and post-employment medical benefit information, see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements. the table does not include activity related to business combinations.
dividends the company increased its dividend in 2016 for the 54th consecutive year. cash dividends paid were $3.15 per share in 2016 compared with dividends of $2.95 per share in 2015, and $2.76 per share in 2014. the dividends were distributed as follows:
on january 3, 2017, the board of directors declared a regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.80 per share, payable on march 14, 2017, to shareholders of record as of february 28, 2017. the company expects to continue the practice of paying regular cash dividends.
other information critical accounting policies and estimates management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition are based on the company's consolidated financial statements that have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s. (gaap). the preparation of these financial statements requires that management make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported for revenues, expenses, assets, liabilities and other related disclosures. actual results may or may
not differ from these estimates. the company believes that the understanding of certain key accounting policies and estimates are essential in achieving more insight into the company's operating results and financial condition. these key accounting policies include revenue recognition, income taxes, legal and self-insurance contingencies, valuation of long-lived assets, assumptions used to determine the amounts recorded for pensions and other employee benefit plans and accounting for stock based awards.
revenue recognition:  the company recognizes revenue from product sales when goods are shipped or delivered, and title and risk of loss pass to the customer. provisions for certain rebates, sales incentives, trade promotions, coupons, product returns and discounts to customers are accounted for as reductions in sales in the same period the related sales are recorded.
product discounts granted are based on the terms of arrangements with direct, indirect and other market participants, as well as market conditions, including prices charged by competitors. rebates, which include the medicaid rebate provision, are estimated based on contractual terms, historical experience, patient outcomes, trend analysis and projected market conditions in the various markets served. the company evaluates market conditions for products or groups of products primarily through the analysis of wholesaler and other third-party sell-through and market research data, as well as internally generated information.
sales returns are estimated and recorded based on historical sales and returns information. products that exhibit unusual sales or return patterns due to dating, competition or other marketing matters are specifically investigated and analyzed as part of the accounting for sales return accruals.
sales returns allowances represent a reserve for products that may be returned due to expiration, destruction in the field, or in specific areas, product recall. the returns reserve is based on historical return trends by product and by market as a percent to gross sales. in accordance with the company's accounting policies, the company generally issues credit to customers for returned goods. the company's sales returns reserves are accounted for in accordance with the u.s. gaap guidance for revenue recognition when right of return exists. sales returns reserves are recorded at full sales value. sales returns in the consumer and pharmaceutical segments are almost exclusively not resalable. sales returns for certain franchises in the medical devices segment are typically resalable but are not material. the company infrequently exchanges products from inventory for returned products. the sales returns reserve for the total company has been approximately 1.0% of annual net trade sales during the fiscal reporting years 2016, 2015 and 2014.
promotional programs, such as product listing allowances and cooperative advertising arrangements, are recorded in the year incurred. continuing promotional programs include coupons and volume-based sales incentive programs. the redemption cost of consumer coupons is based on historical redemption experience by product and value. volume-based incentive programs are based on estimated sales volumes for the incentive period and are recorded as products are sold. the company also earns service revenue for co-promotion of certain products. for all years presented, service revenues were 1% or less of the total revenues and are included in sales to customers. these arrangements are evaluated to determine the appropriate amounts to be deferred or recorded as a reduction of revenue.
in addition, the company enters into collaboration arrangements that contain multiple revenue generating activities. amounts due from collaborative partners for these arrangements are recognized as each activity is performed or delivered, based on the relative selling price. upfront fees received as part of these arrangements are deferred and recognized over the performance period. see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for additional disclosures on collaborations.
reasonably likely changes to assumptions used to calculate the accruals for rebates, returns and promotions are not anticipated to have a material effect on the financial statements. the company currently discloses the impact of changes to assumptions in the quarterly or annual filing in which there is a material financial statement impact.
below are tables that show the progression of accrued rebates, returns, promotions, reserve for doubtful accounts and reserve for cash discounts by segment of business for the fiscal years ended january 1, 2017 and january 3, 2016.
consumer segment
(dollars in millions)                             balance at           accruals      payments/credits            balance at beginning of period                                                  end of period
reserve for doubtful accounts                    18                   12                (6   )                  24
reserve for cash discounts                       17                  209              (201   )                  25
reserve for doubtful accounts                    18                    5                (5   )                  18
reserve for cash discounts                       22                  206              (211   )                  17
(1)   includes reserve for customer rebates of $37 million at january 1, 2017 and $31 million at january 3, 2016, recorded as a contra asset.
(dollars in millions)                             balance at            accruals     payments/credits(2)            balance at beginning of period                                                     end of period
reserve for doubtful accounts                    46                     2                (10   )                   38
reserve for cash discounts                       63                   613               (618   )                   58
reserve for doubtful accounts                    41                    30                (25   )                   46
reserve for cash discounts                       51                   625               (613   )                   63
(1)   includes reserve for customer rebates of $102 million at january 1, 2017 and $64 million at january 3, 2016, recorded as a contra asset.
(dollars in millions)                             balance at           accruals      payments/credits            balance at beginning of period                                                  end of period
reserve for doubtful accounts                   204                   21               (35   )                 190
reserve for cash discounts                       20                  430              (434   )                  16
reserve for doubtful accounts                   216                   13               (25   )                 204
reserve for cash discounts                       16                  877              (873   )                  20
(1)   includes reserve for customer rebates of $430 million at january 1, 2017 and $411 million at january 3, 2016, recorded as a contra asset.
income taxes:  income taxes are recorded based on amounts refundable or payable for the current year and include the results of any difference between u.s. gaap accounting and tax reporting, recorded as deferred tax assets or liabilities. the company estimates deferred tax assets and liabilities based on enacted tax regulations and rates. future changes in tax laws and rates may affect recorded deferred tax assets and liabilities.
the company has unrecognized tax benefits for uncertain tax positions. the company follows u.s. gaap, which prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. management believes that changes in these estimates would not have a material effect on the company's results of operations, cash flows or financial position.
at january 1, 2017 and january 3, 2016, the cumulative amounts of undistributed international earnings were approximately $66.2 billion and $58.0 billion, respectively. at january 1, 2017 and january 3, 2016, the company's foreign subsidiaries held balances of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities in the amounts of $41.3 billion and $38.2 billion, respectively. the company has not provided deferred taxes on the undistributed earnings from certain international subsidiaries where the earnings are considered to be indefinitely reinvested. the company intends to continue to reinvest these earnings in international operations. if the company decided at a later date to repatriate these earnings to the u.s., the company would be required to provide for the net tax effects on these amounts. the company does not determine the deferred tax liability associated with these undistributed earnings, as such determination is not practical.
see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding income taxes.
legal and self insurance contingencies:  the company records accruals for various contingencies, including legal proceedings and product liability claims as these arise in the normal course of business. the accruals are based on management's judgment as to the probability of losses and, where applicable, actuarially determined estimates. the company has self insurance through a wholly-owned captive insurance company. in addition to accruals in the self insurance program, claims that exceed the insurance coverage are accrued when losses are probable and amounts can be reasonably estimated. additionally, the company records insurance receivable amounts from third-party insurers when recovery is probable. as appropriate, reserves against these receivables are recorded for estimated amounts that may not be collected from third-party insurers.
the company follows the provisions of u.s. gaap when recording litigation related contingencies. a liability is recorded when a loss is probable and can be reasonably estimated. the best estimate of a loss within a range is accrued; however, if no estimate in the range is better than any other, the minimum amount is accrued.
see notes 1 and 21 to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding product liability and legal proceedings.
long-lived and intangible assets:  the company assesses changes in economic conditions and makes assumptions regarding estimated future cash flows in evaluating the value of the company's property, plant and equipment, goodwill and intangible assets. as these assumptions and estimates may change over time, it may or may not be necessary for the company to record impairment charges.
employee benefit plans:  the company sponsors various retirement and pension plans, including defined benefit, defined contribution and termination indemnity plans, which cover most employees worldwide. these plans are based on assumptions for the discount rate, expected return on plan assets, mortality rates, expected salary increases, health care cost trend rates and attrition rates. see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for further details on these rates and the effect a rate change to the health care cost trend would have on the company's results of operations.
stock based compensation:  the company recognizes compensation expense associated with the issuance of equity instruments to employees for their services. based on the type of equity instrument, the fair value is estimated on the date of grant using either the black-scholes option valuation model or a combination of both the black-scholes option valuation model and monte carlo valuation model, and is expensed in the financial statements over the service period. the input assumptions used in determining fair value are the expected life, expected volatility, risk-free rate and expected dividend yield. for performance share units the fair market value is calculated for each of the three component goals at the date of grant.  the fair values for the sales and earnings per share goals of each performance share unit were estimated on the date of grant using the fair market value of the shares at the time of the award, discounted for dividends, which are not paid on the performance share units during the vesting period.  the fair value for the relative total shareholder return goal of each performance share unit was estimated on the date of grant using the monte carlo valuation model. see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
new accounting pronouncements refer to note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for recently adopted accounting pronouncements and recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted as of january 1, 2017.
economic and market factors the company is aware that its products are used in an environment where, for more than a decade, policymakers, consumers and businesses have expressed concerns about the rising cost of health care. in response to these concerns, the company has a long-standing policy of pricing products responsibly. for the period 2006 - 2016, in the united states, the weighted average compound annual growth rate of the company's net price increases for health care products (prescription and over-the-counter drugs, hospital and professional products) was below the u.s. consumer price index (cpi).
the company operates in certain countries where the economic conditions continue to present significant challenges. the company continues to monitor these situations and take appropriate actions. inflation rates continue to have an effect on worldwide economies and, consequently, on the way companies operate. the company has accounted for operations in venezuela as highly inflationary, as the prior three-year cumulative inflation rate surpassed 100%. in the face of increasing costs, the company strives to maintain its profit margins through cost reduction programs, productivity improvements and periodic price increases.
the venezuelan government has established alternative systems and offerings of various foreign currency exchanges. through the fourth quarter of 2015, the number of the company's transactions conducted at the official rate declined from prior quarters. as a result, the company determined that it was no longer likely that all outstanding net monetary assets would be settled at the official government rate of 6.3 bolivares fuertes to one u.s. dollar. therefore in 2015, the company recorded a charge of $161 million to revalue its net monetary assets in venezuela at one of the government's alternative exchange rates (simadi) and impair its non-monetary assets. after the revaluation, as of january 3, 2016, the company's venezuelan subsidiaries represented less than 0.1% of the company's consolidated assets and liabilities.
while the company continues to do business in greece, the company closely monitors the economic situation. as of january 1, 2017, the company's greek subsidiaries represented 0.3% and 0.4% of the company's consolidated assets and revenues, respectively.
on june 23, 2016, the united kingdom (u.k.) held a referendum in which voters approved an exit from the european union (e.u.), commonly referred to as "brexit."  given the lack of comparable precedent, it is unclear what financial, trade, regulatory and legal implications the withdrawal of the u.k. from the e.u. will have.  brexit creates global political and economic uncertainty, which may cause, among other consequences, volatility in exchange rates and interest rates, additional cost containment by third-party payors and changes in regulations.  however, the company currently does not believe that these and other related effects will have a material impact on the company's consolidated financial position or operating results. as of january 1, 2017, the business of the company's u.k. subsidiaries represented less than 3% of both the company's consolidated assets and fiscal twelve months revenues.
the company is exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. a 1% change in the value of the u.s. dollar as compared to all foreign currencies in which the company had sales, income or expense in 2016 would have increased or decreased the translation of foreign sales by approximately $330 million and income by $105 million.
governments around the world, including in the united states, consider various proposals to make changes to tax laws, which may include increasing or decreasing existing statutory tax rates. a change in statutory tax rate in any country would result in the revaluation of the company's deferred tax assets and liabilities related to that particular jurisdiction in the period in which the new tax law is enacted.  this change would result in an expense or benefit recorded to the company's consolidated statement of earnings.  the company closely monitors these proposals as they arise in the countries where it operates. changes to the statutory tax rate may occur at any time, and any related expense or benefit recorded may be material to the fiscal quarter and year in which the law change is enacted.
the belgian government is currently considering a proposed change to its corporate tax code, including a proposal to lower its statutory tax rate. if enacted, the proposed change would result in revaluation of the company's deferred tax assets, with a corresponding charge to tax expense that may have a material effect on the company's results of operations for the period.  based on the deferred tax asset balances as of january 1, 2017, the company estimates for every 1% that the statutory tax is lowered there will be additional one-time tax expense of approximately $60-75 million. a significant portion of the deferred tax asset described as "international r&d capitalized for tax" in note 8 to the consolidated financial statements is related to the company's operations in belgium.
the u.s. government is currently considering various proposals to changes in its corporate tax code. these proposals include but are not limited to lowering the statutory tax rate and the rules on how international income earned by the company is taxed in the u.s.  the impact of these proposals may have a material effect on the company's results of operations for the period and on future periods.
as the belgian or u.s. governments are still considering these proposals, it is not certain when or if they will be enacted.
the company faces various worldwide health care changes that may continue to result in pricing pressures that include health care cost containment and government legislation relating to sales, promotions and reimbursement of health care products.
changes in the behavior and spending patterns of purchasers of health care products and services, including delaying medical procedures, rationing prescription medications, reducing the frequency of physician visits and foregoing health care insurance coverage, as a result of the current global economic downturn, may continue to impact the company's businesses.
the company also operates in an environment increasingly hostile to intellectual property rights. firms have filed abbreviated new drug applications or biosimilar biological product applications with the fda or otherwise challenged the coverage and/or validity of the company's patents, seeking to market generic or biosimilar forms of many of the company's key pharmaceutical products prior to expiration of the applicable patents covering those products. in the event the company is not successful in defending the patent claims challenged in the resulting lawsuits, generic or biosimilar versions of the products at issue will be introduced to the market, resulting in the potential for substantial market share and revenue losses for those products, and which may result in a non-cash impairment charge in any associated intangible asset. there is also a risk that one or more competitors could launch a generic or biosimilar version of the product at issue following regulatory approval even though one or more valid patents are in place. for further information, see the discussion on "remicade® related cases" and "litigation against filers of abbreviated new drug applications" in note 21 to the consolidated financial statements.
legal proceedings johnson & johnson and certain of its subsidiaries are involved in various lawsuits and claims regarding product liability, intellectual property, commercial and other matters; governmental investigations; and other legal proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of business.
the company records accruals for loss contingencies associated with these legal matters when it is probable that a liability will be incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. the company has accrued for certain litigation matters and continues to monitor each related legal issue and adjust accruals for new information and further developments in accordance with accounting standards codification (asc) 450-20-25. for these and other litigation and regulatory matters currently disclosed for which a loss is probable or reasonably possible, the company is unable to estimate the possible loss or range of loss beyond the amounts already accrued. amounts accrued for legal contingencies often result from a complex series of judgments about future events and uncertainties that rely heavily on estimates and assumptions. the ability to make such estimates and judgments can be affected by various factors, including whether damages sought in the proceedings are unsubstantiated or indeterminate; scientific and legal discovery has not commenced or is not complete; proceedings are in early stages; matters present legal uncertainties; there are significant facts in dispute; or there are numerous parties involved.
in the company's opinion, based on its examination of these matters, its experience to date and discussions with counsel, the ultimate outcome of legal proceedings, net of liabilities accrued in the company's balance sheet, is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the company's financial position. however, the resolution of, or increase in accruals for, one or more of these matters in any reporting period may have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations and cash flows for that period.
see note 21 to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding legal proceedings.
common stock market prices the company's common stock is listed on the new york stock exchange under the symbol jnj. as of february 17, 2017, there were 156,073 record holders of common stock of the company. the composite market price ranges for johnson & johnson common stock during 2016 and 2015 were: