item 1a. risk factors risks related to our business in addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the risks described below, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results. any of the following risks, as well as other risks and uncertainties, could harm our business and financial condition.
consumers' preferences can change due to a variety of factors, including the age and ethnic demographics of the population, social trends, negative publicity, economic downturn or other factors. for example, consumers are increasingly concerned about health and wellness, focusing on the caloric intake associated with regular csds, the use of artificial sweeteners in diet csds and the use of natural, organic or simple ingredients in lrb products. as such, the demand for csds has decreased as consumers have shifted towards ncbs, such as water, ready-to-drink teas and sports drinks. if we do not effectively anticipate these trends and changing consumer preferences and quickly develop new products or partner with an allied brand in that category in response, then our sales could suffer. developing and launching new products can be risky and expensive. we may not be successful in responding to changing markets and consumer preferences, and some of our competitors may be better able to respond to these changes, either of which could negatively affect our business and financial performance.
we operate in highly competitive markets.
the lrb industry is highly competitive and continues to evolve in response to changing consumer preferences. competition is generally based upon brand recognition, taste, quality, price, availability, selection and convenience. brand recognition can also be impacted by the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns and marketing programs, as well as our use of social media. we compete with multinational corporations with significant financial resources. our two largest competitors in the lrb market are coca-cola and pepsico, which represent approximately 43.3% of the u.s. lrb market by retail sales according to iri. we also compete against other large companies, including nestle, kraft foods and campbell soup. these competitors can use their resources and scale to rapidly respond to competitive pressures and changes in consumer preferences by introducing new products, changing their route to market, reducing prices or increasing promotional activities. as a bottler and manufacturer, we also compete with a number of smaller bottlers and distributors and a variety of smaller, regional and private label manufacturers, such as cott. smaller companies may be more innovative, better able to bring new products to market and better able to quickly exploit and serve niche markets. we also compete for contract manufacturing with other bottlers and manufacturers. we have lower exposure to energy drinks, some of the faster growing ncbs and the bottled water segments in the overall lrb market. in canada, mexico and the caribbean, we compete with many of these same international companies as well as a number of regional competitors.
food and beverage retailers in the u.s. have been consolidating, resulting in large, sophisticated retailers with increased buying power. they are in a better position to resist our price increases and demand lower prices. they also have leverage to require us to provide larger, more tailored promotional and product delivery programs. if we and our bottlers and distributors do not successfully provide appropriate marketing, product, packaging, pricing and service to these retailers, our product availability, sales and margins could suffer. certain retailers make up a significant percentage of our products' retail volume, including volume sold by our bottlers and distributors. some retailers also offer their own private label products that compete with some of our brands. the loss of sales of any of our products by a major retailer could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial performance.
net sales from our beverage concentrates segment represent sales of beverage concentrates to third party bottling companies that we do not own. the beverage concentrates segment's operations generate a significant portion of our overall segment operating profit ("sop"). some of these bottlers, such as pepsico and coca-cola, are also our competitors. the majority of these bottlers' business comes from selling either their own products or our competitors' products. in addition, some of the products we manufacture are distributed by third parties. as independent companies, these bottlers and distributors make their own business decisions. they may have the right to determine whether, and to what extent, they produce and distribute our products, our competitors' products and their own products. they may devote more resources to other products or take other actions detrimental to our brands. in most cases, they are able to terminate their bottling and distribution arrangements with us without cause. we may need to increase support for our brands in their territories and may not be able to pass price increases through to them. their financial condition could also be adversely affected by conditions beyond our control, and our business could suffer as a result. deteriorating economic conditions could negatively impact the financial viability of third party bottlers. any of these factors could negatively affect our business and financial performance.
our distribution agreements with our allied brands could be terminated.
approximately 85% of our 2016 packaged beverages net sales of branded products come from our owned and licensed brands and our contract manufacturing, with the remaining from the distribution of third party brands such as, but not limited to, big red, fiji mineral water, bai brands, arizona tea, vita coco coconut water, body armor, neuro drinks, core hydration, sparkling fruit2o, hydrive energy drinks and high brew. we are subject to a risk of our allied brands, other than bai brands, terminating their distribution agreements with us, which could negatively affect our business and financial performance. within each distribution agreement, we have certain protections in case the allied brands terminate the distribution agreements, including a one-time termination payment.
costs for commodities, such as raw materials and energy, may change substantially.
the principal raw materials we use in our products are aluminum cans and ends, glass bottles, pet bottles and caps, paperboard packaging, sweeteners, juice, fruit, water and other ingredients. the cost of such raw materials can fluctuate substantially. under many of our supply arrangements, the price we pay for raw materials fluctuates along with certain changes in underlying commodities costs, such as aluminum in the case of cans, natural gas in the case of glass bottles, resin in the case of pet bottles and caps, corn in the case of sweeteners and pulp in the case of paperboard packaging.
in addition, we use a significant amount of energy in our business. we are significantly impacted by changes in fuel costs due to the large truck fleet we operate in our distribution businesses and our use of third party carriers. additionally, conversion of raw materials into our products for sale uses electricity and natural gas.
price increases could exert pressure on our costs and we may not be able to effectively hedge or pass along any such increases to our customers or consumers. price increases we pass along to our customers or consumers could reduce demand for our products. such increases could negatively affect our business and financial performance. furthermore, price decreases in commodities that we have effectively hedged could also increase our cost of goods sold for mark-to-market changes in the derivative instruments.
during 2013, the government of mexico enacted broad based tax reform, including a one peso per liter tax on the manufacturing of certain sugar-sweetened and other beverages, which went into effect january 1, 2014. since 2014, a number of local governments within the u.s., including philadelphia, san francisco and cooke county, illinois, have imposed taxes on the distribution of certain sugar-sweetened beverages. these regressive taxes were primarily the result of concerns about the public health consequences and health care costs associated with obesity. federal, state, and other local and foreign governments could also impose taxes on sugar-sweetened beverages as a result of these concerns. additionally, local and regional governments and school boards have enacted, or have proposed to enact, regulations restricting the sale of certain types or sizes of soft drinks in municipalities and schools as a result of these concerns. any changes of regulations or imposed taxes may reduce consumer demand for our products or could cause us to raise our prices, both of which could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and negatively affect our business and financial performance.
from time to time, we acquire businesses, such as bai brands, or brands to expand our beverage portfolio and distribution rights. we may incur unforeseen liabilities and obligations in connection with the acquisition, integration or management of the acquired businesses or brands and may encounter unexpected difficulties and costs in integrating them into our operating and internal control structures. we may also experience delays in extending our internal control over financial reporting to newly acquired businesses, which may increase the risk of failure to prevent misstatements in their financial records and in our consolidated financial statements. our financial performance depends in large part on how well we can manage and improve the performance of acquired businesses or brands. we cannot assure you, however, that we will be able to achieve our strategic and financial objectives for such acquisitions. if we are unable to achieve such objectives, our consolidated results could be negatively affected.
determinations in the future that a significant impairment of the value of our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets has occurred could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
as of december 31, 2016, we had $9,791 million of total assets, of which approximately $5,649 million were goodwill and other intangible assets. on january 31, 2017, we completed the bai brands merger with a preliminary purchase price of $1,649 million, net of our previous ownership interest, of which we expect a significant portion of the consideration will be allocated to goodwill and intangible assets, further increasing these amounts. intangible assets include both definite and indefinite-lived intangible assets in connection with brands, distribution rights and customer relationships. we conduct impairment tests on goodwill and all indefinite-lived intangible assets annually, as of october 1, or more frequently if circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. if the carrying amount of an intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. there were no impairment charges required based upon our annual impairment analysis performed as of october 1, 2016. for additional information about these intangible assets, see "critical accounting estimates - goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets" and "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," in item 7 and note 2 and note 7 to our audited consolidated financial statements included in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data," in this annual report on form 10-k.
the impairment tests require us to make an estimate of the fair value of our reporting units and other intangible assets. an impairment could be recorded as a result of changes in assumptions, estimates or circumstances, some of which are beyond our control. factors which could result in an impairment include, but are not limited to: (i) reduced demand for our products and/or the product category; (ii) higher commodity prices; (iii) lower prices for our products or increased marketing as a result of increased competition; (iv) significant disruptions to our operations as a result of both internal and external events; and (v) changes in our discount rates. since a number of factors may influence determinations of fair value of intangible assets, we are unable to predict whether impairments of goodwill or other indefinite-lived intangibles will occur in the future. any such impairment would result in us recognizing a non-cash charge in our consolidated statements of income, which could adversely affect our results of operations and increase our effective tax rate.
our total indebtedness, excluding capital lease obligations, could affect our operations and profitability.
•   increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions, which could impact our debt maturity profile.
while we believe we will have the ability to service our debt and will have access to additional sources of capital in the future if and when needed, that will depend upon:
•   our results of operations and financial position at the time;
•   the then-current state of the credit and financial markets; and
in assessing our credit strength, credit rating agencies consider our capital structure and financial policies as well as our results of operations and financial position at that time. if our credit ratings were to be downgraded as a result of changes in our capital structure, changes in the credit rating agencies' methodology in assessing our credit strength, the credit agencies' perception of the impact of credit market conditions on our current or future results of operations and financial position or for any other reason, our cost of borrowing could increase.
while our operations are predominately in the u.s., we are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk with respect to our sales, expenses, profits, assets and liabilities denominated in the mexican peso or the canadian dollar. we manage a small portion of our exposure to the canadian dollar and mexican peso for certain transactions utilizing derivative instruments and are not protected against most foreign currency fluctuations. as a result, our financial performance may be affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. moreover, any favorable or unfavorable impacts to gross profit, gross margin, income from operations or segment operating profit from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates are likely to be inconsistent year over year.
our financial results may be negatively impacted by recession, financial and credit market disruptions and other economic conditions.
changes in economic and financial conditions in the u.s., canada, mexico or the caribbean may negatively impact consumer confidence and consumer spending, which could result in a reduction in our sales volume and/or switching to lower price offerings. similarly, disruptions in financial and credit markets worldwide may impact our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with our customers, suppliers and creditors. these disruptions could have a negative impact on the ability of our customers to timely pay their obligations to us, thus reducing our cash flow, or the ability of our vendors to timely supply materials. additionally, these disruptions could have a negative effect on our ability to raise capital through the issuance of unsecured commercial paper or senior notes.
we could also face increased counterparty risk for our cash investments and our hedging arrangements. declines in the securities and credit markets could also affect our marketable securities and pension fund, which in turn could increase funding requirements.
we depend on key information systems to accurately and efficiently transact our business, provide information to management and prepare financial reports. we rely on third party providers for a number of key information systems and business processing services, including hosting our primary data center and processing various benefit-related accounting and transactional services. these systems and services are vulnerable to interruptions or other failures resulting from, among other things, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, software, equipment or telecommunications failures, processing errors, computer viruses, other security issues or supplier defaults. security, backup and disaster recovery measures may not be adequate or implemented properly to avoid such disruptions or failures. any disruption or failure of these systems or services could cause substantial errors, processing inefficiencies, security breaches, inability to use the systems or process transactions, loss of customers or other business disruptions, all of which could negatively affect our business and financial performance.
as cybersecurity attacks continue to evolve and increase, our information systems could also be penetrated or compromised by internal and external parties intent on extracting confidential information, disrupting business processes or corrupting information. these risks could arise from external parties or from acts or omissions of internal or service provider personnel. such unauthorized access could disrupt our business and could result in the loss of assets, litigation, remediation costs, damage to our reputation and failure to retain or attract customers following such an event, which could adversely affect our business.
increases in our cost of benefits in the future could reduce our profitability.
our profitability is substantially affected by costs for employee health care, pension and other retirement programs and other benefits. in recent years, these costs have increased significantly due to factors such as increases in health care costs, declines in investment returns on pension assets and changes in discount rates used to calculate pension and related liabilities. these factors plus the enactment of the patient protection and affordable care act in march 2010 will continue to put pressure on our business and financial performance. although we actively seek to control increases in costs, there can be no assurance that we will succeed in limiting future cost increases, and continued upward pressure in costs could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial performance.
litigation or legal proceedings could expose us to significant liabilities and damage our reputation.
we are party to various litigation claims and legal proceedings which may include employment, tort, real estate, commercial and other litigation. from time to time we are a defendant in class action litigation, including litigation regarding employment practices, product labeling, and wage and hour laws. plaintiffs in class action litigation may seek to recover amounts which are large and may be indeterminable for some period of time. we evaluate litigation claims and legal proceedings to assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and estimate, if possible, the amount of potential losses. we will establish a reserve as appropriate based upon assessments and estimates in accordance with our accounting policies. we base our assessments, estimates and disclosures on the information available to us at the time and rely on legal and management judgment. actual outcomes or losses may differ materially from assessments and estimates. costs to defend litigation claims and legal proceedings and the cost of actual settlements, judgments or resolutions of these claims and legal proceedings may negatively affect our business and financial performance. any adverse publicity resulting from allegations made in litigation claims or legal proceedings may also adversely affect our reputation, which in turn could adversely affect our results of operations.
certain raw materials we use are available from a limited number of suppliers and shortages could occur.
some raw materials we use, such as aluminum cans and ends, glass bottles, pet bottles, sweeteners, fruit, juice and other ingredients, are sourced from industries characterized by a limited supply base. if our suppliers are unable or unwilling to meet our requirements, we could suffer shortages or substantial cost increases. changing suppliers can require long lead times. the failure of our suppliers to meet our needs could occur for many reasons, including fires, natural disasters, weather, manufacturing problems, disease, crop failure, strikes, transportation interruption, government regulation, political instability, cybersecurity attacks and terrorism. a failure of supply could also occur due to suppliers' financial difficulties, including bankruptcy. some of these risks may be more acute where the supplier or its plant is located in riskier or less-developed countries or regions. any significant interruption to supply or cost increase could substantially harm our business and financial performance.
substantial disruption to production at our manufacturing and distribution facilities could occur.
a disruption in production at our beverage concentrates manufacturing facility, which manufactures almost all of our concentrates, could have a material adverse effect on our business. in addition, a disruption could occur at any of our other facilities or those of our suppliers, bottlers or distributors. the disruption could occur for many reasons, including fire, natural disasters, weather, water scarcity, manufacturing problems, disease, strikes, transportation or supply interruption, government regulation, cybersecurity attacks or terrorism. alternative facilities with sufficient capacity or capabilities may not be available, may cost substantially more or may take a significant time to start production, each of which could negatively affect our business and financial performance.
we may fail to comply with applicable government laws and regulations.
we are subject to a variety of federal, state and local laws and regulations in the u.s., canada, mexico and other countries in which we do business. these laws and regulations apply to many aspects of our business including the manufacture, safety, labeling, transportation, advertising and sale of our products. see "regulatory matters" in item 1, "business," of this annual report on form 10-k for more information regarding many of these laws and regulations.
violations of these laws or regulations in the manufacture, safety, labeling, transportation and advertising of our products could damage our reputation and/or result in regulatory actions with substantial penalties. in addition, any significant change in such laws or regulations or their interpretation, or the introduction of higher standards or more stringent laws or regulations, could result in increased compliance costs or capital expenditures. for example, changes in recycling and bottle deposit laws or special taxes on soft drinks or ingredients could increase our costs. regulatory focus on the health, safety and marketing of food products is increasing. certain federal or state regulations or laws affecting the labeling of our products, such as california's "prop 65," which requires warnings on any product with substances that the state lists as potentially causing cancer or birth defects, are or could become applicable to our products.
weather, climate change legislation and the availability of water could adversely affect our business.
unseasonable or unusual weather or long-term climate changes may negatively impact the price or availability of raw materials, energy and fuel, and demand for our products. unusually cool weather during the summer months may result in reduced demand for our products and have a negative effect on our business and financial performance.
there is growing political and scientific sentiment that increased concentrations of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere are influencing global weather patterns ("global warming"). concern over climate change, including global warming, has led to legislative and regulatory initiatives directed at limiting greenhouse gas ("ghg") emissions. for example, proposals that would impose mandatory requirements on ghg emissions continue to be considered by policy makers in the countries in which we operate. laws enacted that directly or indirectly affect our production, distribution, packaging, cost of raw materials, fuel, ingredients and water could all negatively impact our business and financial results.
we also may be faced with water availability risks. water is the main ingredient in substantially all of our products. climate change may cause water scarcity and a deterioration of water quality in areas where we maintain operations. the competition for water among domestic, agricultural and manufacturing users is increasing in the countries where we operate, and as water becomes scarcer or the quality of the water deteriorates, we may incur increased production costs or face manufacturing constraints which could negatively affect our business and financial performance. even where water is widely available, water purification and waste treatment infrastructure limitations could increase costs or constrain our operations.
we have adopted various quality, environmental, health and safety standards. however, our products may not meet these standards or could become contaminated. a failure to meet these standards or contamination could occur in our operations or those of our bottlers, distributors or suppliers. this could result in expensive production interruptions, recalls, liability claims and negative publicity. moreover, negative publicity also could be generated from false, unfounded or nominal liability claims or limited recalls. any of these failures or occurrences could negatively affect our business and financial performance.
fluctuations in our effective tax rate may result in volatility in our operating results.
we are subject to income taxes in many u.s. and certain foreign jurisdictions. income tax expense includes a provision for uncertain tax positions. at any one time, many tax years are subject to audit by various taxing jurisdictions. as these audits and negotiations progress, events may occur that change our expectation about how the audit will ultimately be resolved. as a result, there could be ongoing variability in our quarterly and/or annual tax rates as events occur that cause a change in our provision for uncertain tax positions. in addition, our effective tax rate in any given financial statement period may be significantly impacted by changes in the mix and level of earnings or by changes to existing accounting rules, tax regulations or interpretations of existing law. in addition, tax legislation may be enacted in the future, domestically or abroad, that impacts our effective tax rate.
as of december 31, 2016, approximately 6,000 of our employees, many of whom are at our key manufacturing locations, were covered by collective bargaining agreements. these agreements typically expire every three to four years at various dates. we may not be able to renew our collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms or at all. this could result in strikes or work stoppages, which could impair our ability to manufacture and distribute our products and result in a substantial loss of sales. the terms of existing or renewed agreements could also significantly increase our costs or negatively affect our ability to increase operational efficiency.
we possess intellectual property that is important to our business. this intellectual property includes ingredient formulas, trademarks, copyrights, patents, business processes and other trade secrets. see "intellectual property and trademarks" in item 1, "business," of this annual report on form 10-k for more information. we and third parties, including competitors, could come into conflict over intellectual property rights. litigation could disrupt our business, divert management attention and cost a substantial amount to protect our rights or defend ourselves against claims. we cannot be certain that the steps we take to protect our rights will be sufficient or that others will not infringe or misappropriate our rights. if we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights, our brands, products and business could be harmed.
in some cases, we license products from third parties that we distribute. the licensor may be able to terminate the license arrangement upon an agreed period of notice, in some cases without payment to us of any termination fee. the termination of any material license arrangement could adversely affect our business and financial performance.
our facilities and operations may require substantial investment and upgrading.
we have an ongoing program of investment and upgrading in our manufacturing, distribution and other facilities. we expect to incur significant costs to upgrade or keep up-to-date various facilities and equipment or restructure our operations, including closing existing facilities or opening new ones. if our investment and restructuring costs are higher than anticipated or our business does not develop as anticipated to appropriately utilize new or upgraded facilities, our costs and financial performance could be negatively affected.
we could lose key personnel or may be unable to recruit qualified personnel.
our performance significantly depends upon the continued contributions of our executive officers and key employees, both individually and as a group, and our ability to retain and motivate them. our officers and key personnel have many years of experience with us and in our industry and it may be difficult to replace them. if we lose key personnel or are unable to recruit qualified personnel, our operations and ability to manage our business may be adversely affected. we do not have "key person" life insurance for any of our executive officers or key employees.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations you should read the following discussion in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. this discussion contains forward-looking statements that are based on management's current expectations, estimates and projections about our business and operations. our actual results may differ materially from those currently anticipated and expressed in such forward-looking statements as a result of various factors including the factors we describe under "special note regarding forward-looking statements", "risk factors" and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k, including documents incorporated by reference.
references in the following discussion to "we", "our", "us", "dps" or "the company" refer to dr pepper snapple group, inc. and all entities included in our audited consolidated financial statements.
overview we are a leading integrated brand owner, manufacturer and distributor of non-alcoholic beverages in the u.s., canada and mexico with a diverse portfolio of flavored (non-cola) csds and ncbs, including ready-to-drink teas, juices, juice drinks, water and mixers. our brand portfolio includes popular csd brands such as dr pepper, canada dry, peñafiel, squirt, 7up, crush, a&w, sunkist soda and schweppes, and ncb brands such as snapple, hawaiian punch, mott's, clamato, bai brands, mr & mrs t mixers and rose's. our largest brand, dr pepper, is a leading flavored csd in the u.s. according to iri. we have some of the most recognized beverage brands in north america, with significant consumer awareness levels and long histories that evoke strong emotional connections with consumers.
we operate as an integrated brand owner, manufacturer and distributor through our three segments. we believe our integrated business model strengthens our route-to-market and provides opportunities for net sales and profit growth through the alignment of the economic interests of our brand ownership and our manufacturing and distribution businesses through both our dsd system and our wd delivery system. our integrated business model enables us to be more flexible and responsive to the changing needs of our large retail customers and allows us to more fully leverage our scale and reduce costs by creating greater geographic manufacturing and distribution coverage.
uncertainties and trends affecting our business we believe the north american lrb market is influenced by certain key trends and uncertainties. some of these items, such as increased health consciousness and changes in economic factors, have created category headwinds for our csds during recent years. the key trends and uncertainties that could affect our business include:
•   increased health consciousness. consumers are increasingly becoming more concerned about health and wellness, focusing on caloric intake and sugar content in both regular csds and juices, the use of artificial sweeteners in diet csds and the use of natural, organic or simple ingredients in lrb products. we believe the main beneficiaries of this trend include bottled waters, naturally sweetened, low calorie drinks, all natural and organic beverages and ready-to-drink teas. our completion of the bai brands merger on january 31, 2017 will allow us to continue distribution and capture additional growth as a result of this key trend.
•   changes in consumer preferences. we are impacted by shifting consumer demographics and needs. we believe marketing and product innovations that target fast growing population segments, such as the hispanic community in the u.s., could drive market growth. additionally, as more consumers are faced with a busy and on-the-go lifestyle, sales of single-serve beverages could increase, which typically have higher margins.
•   increased competition in the lrb market. a number of our competitors are large corporations with significant financial resources. these competitors can use their resources and scale to rapidly respond to competitive pressures and changes in consumer preferences by introducing new products, reducing prices or increasing promotional activities, which could reduce the demand for our products.
•   fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. we are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate variability in the expected future cash flows associated with certain third-party and intercompany transactions denominated in currencies other than our mexican and canadian entities' functional currencies. we use derivative instruments such as foreign exchange forward contracts to mitigate a portion of our exposure in these expected future cash flows to changes in foreign exchange rates. significant changes in these exchange rates will impact our results of operations.
•   increased government regulation. government agencies, as a result of concerns about the public health consequences and health care costs associated with obesity, have been proposing and, in some cases, enacting new taxes or regulations on sugar-sweetened and diet beverages. any changes of regulations or imposed taxes could reduce demand and/or cause us to raise our prices.
•   volatility in the costs of raw materials. the costs of a substantial portion of the raw materials used in the beverage industry are dependent on commodity prices for resin, aluminum, diesel fuel, corn, apple juice concentrate, sucrose, natural gas and other commodities. we are also dependent on commodity prices for apples related to our applesauce production. commodity price volatility has, from time to time, exerted pressure on industry margins and operating results.
•   product and packaging innovation. we believe brand owners and bottling companies will continue to create new products and packages, such as beverages with new ingredients and new premium flavors and innovative convenient packaging, that address changes in consumer tastes and preferences.
•   changing retailer landscape. as retailers continue to consolidate, we believe retailers will support consumer product companies that can provide an attractive portfolio of products, a strong value proposition and efficient delivery.
•   the adoption of a new accounting standard will result in incremental income tax benefit of approximately $14 million.
refer to item 1a, "risk factors" of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information about risks and uncertainties facing our company.
seasonality the beverage market is subject to some seasonal variations. our beverage sales are generally higher during the warmer months and also can be influenced by the timing of holidays as well as weather fluctuations.
beverage concentrates sales volume in our beverage concentrates segment, we measure our sales volume in two ways: (1) "concentrate case sales" and (2) "bottler case sales." the unit of measurement for both concentrate case sales and bottler case sales equals 288 fluid ounces of finished beverage, the equivalent of 24 twelve ounce servings.
concentrate case sales represent units of measurement for concentrates sold by us to our bottlers and distributors. a concentrate case is the amount of concentrate needed to make one case of 288 fluid ounces of finished beverage. it does not include any other component of the finished beverage other than concentrate. our net sales in our concentrate businesses are based on our sales of concentrate cases.
packaged beverages and latin america beverages sales volume in our packaged beverages and latin america beverages segments, we measure volume as case sales to customers. a case sale represents a unit of measurement equal to 288 fluid ounces of packaged beverage sold by us. case sales include both our owned brands and certain brands licensed to and/or distributed by us.
volume in bottler case sales in addition to sales volume, we measure volume in bottler case sales ("volume (bcs)") as sales of packaged beverages, in equivalent 288 fluid ounce cases, sold by us and our bottling partners to retailers and independent distributors. our contract manufacturing sales are not included or reported as part of volume (bcs).
bottler case sales and concentrates and packaged beverage sales volumes are not equal during any given period due to changes in bottler concentrates inventory levels, which can be affected by seasonality, bottler inventory and manufacturing practices and the timing of price increases and new product introductions.
•   on november 21, 2016, we entered into the merger agreement with bai brands whereby we agreed to acquire bai brands for consideration of approximately $1,700 million, subject to certain adjustments in the merger agreement.
•   on january 31, 2017, we completed the bai brands merger and paid $1,548 million, net of the company's previous ownership interest, and held back $103 million, which was placed in escrow, in exchange for the remaining ownership interests and seller transaction costs. as a result, our existing equity interest in bai brands was remeasured to fair value, which resulted in a gain of $28 million, which will be recognized in the first quarter of 2017 and included in other operating (income) expense, net.
•   during the fourth quarter of 2016, we completed the issuance of senior unsecured notes with an aggregate principal amount of $1,550 million. the net proceeds from the offering, together with cash on hand, funded the bai brands merger.
gross profit                                                                                         3,858             59.9                  3,723            59.3                 135                4
loss on early extinguishment of debt                                                                    31              0.5                      -               -                  31               nm other income, net                                                                                      (25    )        (0.4   )                 (1    )          -                 (24    )          nm income before provision for income taxes and equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries       1,283             19.9                  1,184            18.8                  99                8
effective tax rate                                                                                    33.8    %          nm                   35.5    %         nm                  nm               nm volume (bcs). volume (bcs) increased 1% for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared with the year ended december 31, 2015. in the u.s. and canada, volume was 1% higher, and in mexico and the caribbean, volume increased 5%, compared with the prior year. both branded csd and ncb volume increased 1% compared to the prior year.
in branded csds, squirt increased 6% primarily driven by increased sales to third-party bottlers and product innovation in our latin america beverages segment and our hispanic strategy in the u.s. schweppes grew 8% reflecting distribution gains in our sparkling water and growth in the ginger ale category. dr pepper had gains of 1% driven primarily by increases in our fountain business. regular dr pepper increased compared to the prior year, which was partially offset by declines in diet. peñafiel increased 3% in our latin america beverages segment as a result of distribution gains, increased promotional activity and product innovation, partially offset by increased competition. crush grew 3% in the current year. these gains were partially offset by a 2% decline in our other csd brands compared to the prior year. canada dry, 7up, a&w and sunkist soda (our "core 4 brands") were flat compared to the prior year, driven by an 6% increase in canada dry fully offset by a 5% decline in 7up, a 2% decrease in a&w and a 1% decline in sunkist soda.
in branded ncbs, our water category increased 18% primarily due to incremental promotional activity behind bai brands primarily in our club channel, distribution gains for bai brands, fiji and core hydration, and an increase in aguafiel due to category growth in mexico. clamato increased 10% primarily due to increased promotional activity, distribution gains, and product innovation in our latin america beverages segment and increased promotional activity in the u.s.. these increases were partially offset by declines in hawaiian punch, mott's and our other ncb brands in total. hawaiian punch declined 6% due to category headwinds and higher pricing for our single-serve packages while mott's decreased 3% due to declines in the juice category and higher pricing for our single-serve packages, partially offset by gains in our sauce products. our other ncb brands in total declined 8%. snapple was flat compared to prior year.
net sales. net sales increased $158 million, or approximately 3%, for the year ended december 31, 2016, compared with the year ended december 31, 2015. the primary drivers of the increase in net sales included:
gross profit. gross profit increased $135 million, or approximately 4%, for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared with the year ended december 31, 2015. gross margin was 59.9% for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the gross margin of 59.3% for the year ended december 31, 2015. the following drivers impacted the gross margin:
•   favorable comparison in our mark-to-market activity on commodity derivative contracts, which increased our gross margin by 0.5%.
•   lower commodity costs, led by packaging, and the change in our last-in, first-out ("lifo") inventory provision, which increased our gross margin by 0.5%;
•   ongoing productivity improvements, which increased our gross margin by 0.4%;
the favorable mark-to-market activity on commodity derivative contracts for the year ended december 31, 2016 was $21 million in unrealized gains versus $13 million in unrealized losses in the prior year.
selling, general and administrative expenses. selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") expenses increased $16 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared with the prior year. the increase was primarily driven by higher people costs, a $4 million arbitration award related to our mexican joint venture, increased professional fees, a non-recurring charge of $4 million related to the transition of a certain employee benefit program and increases in other miscellaneous expenses. these increases were partially offset by lower logistics costs, driven by fuel rates, the impact of favorable foreign currency effects, which decreased sg&a expenses by $27 million, and a $23 million favorable comparison in the mark-to-market activity on commodity derivative contracts. for the year ended december 31, 2016, we recognized $31 million in unrealized gains related to the mark-to-market activity on commodity derivative contracts versus $8 million in unrealized gains in the year ago period.
other operating (income) expense, net. other operating (income) expense, net had a favorable change of $10 million due primarily to the $7 million favorable comparison related to the brand value impairment of garden cocktail recognized in the prior year and a $5 million gain on the step-acquisition of industria embotelladora de bebidas mexicanas ("iebm") and embotelladora mexicana de agua, s.a. de c.v. ("ema").
income from operations. income from operations increased $135 million to $1,433 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, due primarily to the increase in gross profit, the favorable change in other operating (income) expense, net and the decrease in depreciation and amortization, driven by certain fully depreciated fixed assets. these drivers were partially offset by the increase in sg&a expenses.
interest expense. interest expense increased $30 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared with the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily driven by:
•   $12 million of mark-to-market activity recorded during the fourth quarter of 2016 for four derivative instruments, as the hedging relationships between the four outstanding interest rate swaps and our 2.70% senior notes due november 15, 2022 were de-designated on october 1, 2016;
•   $5 million of amortization of deferred financing costs associated with the 364-day bridge loan facility (the "bridge facility");
loss on early extinguishment of debt. in october 2016, we redeemed a portion of the 2018 notes and retired, at a premium, an aggregate principal amount of approximately $360 million with the proceeds from the issuance of our 2.55% senior notes due on september 15, 2026 (the "2026 notes"). the loss on early extinguishment of the 2018 notes, which primarily represented the redemption premium, was approximately $31 million. there was no loss on early extinguishment of debt in 2015.
other income, net. other income, net increased $24 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared with the year ended december 31, 2015 driven primarily by a $21 million gain on the extinguishment of a multi-employer pension plan withdrawal liability.
effective tax rate. the effective tax rates for the year ended december 31, 2016 and 2015 were 33.8% and 35.5%, respectively. for the year ended december 31, 2016, the provision for income taxes included an income tax benefit of $17 million driven primarily by a restructuring of the ownership of our canadian business. the income tax benefit includes a valuation allowance release of $11 million.
results of operations by segment the following tables set forth net sales and sop for our segments for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, as well as the other amounts necessary to reconcile our total segment results to our consolidated results presented in accordance with u.s. gaap:
income before provision for income taxes and equity in (loss) earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries      $1,283                $1,184
net sales. net sales increased $43 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, compared with the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase was due to higher pricing, a 1% increase in concentrate case sales, favorable product mix and lower discounts. these drivers were partially offset by $3 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation. the lower discounts were a result of a favorable comparison of the annual true-up of our estimated customer incentive liability partially offset by higher discounts driven by our fountain business.
sop. sop increased $27 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, compared with the year ended december 31, 2015, driven primarily by an increase in net sales partially offset by higher sg&a expenses. the increase in sg&a expenses was the result of a $6 million increase in planned marketing investments, higher people costs and increases in other operating costs.
volume (bcs). volume (bcs) increased 1% for the year ended december 31, 2016, compared with the year ended december 31, 2015. schweppes had gains of 8% driven by distribution gains in our sparkling water and growth in the ginger ale category. dr pepper increased 1%, driven primarily by our fountain business. regular dr pepper increased compared to the prior year, which was partially offset by declines in diet. our core 4 brands grew 1% compared to the prior year as a result of a 6% increase in canada dry, partially offset by a 6% decrease in 7up, a 3% decline in sunkist soda and a 2% decrease in a&w. crush increased 3% for the current year. these increases were partially offset by a 7% decline in our other brands.
volume. sales volume was flat for the year ended december 31, 2016 as compared with the year ended december 31, 2015 as increases in our branded ncb volumes were fully offset by declines in our branded csd volumes and contract manufacturing.
branded csd volumes decreased 1% for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared with the year ended december 31, 2015. volume for our core 4 brands decreased 1%, led by a 4% decrease in 7up, a 3% decrease in a&w and a 1% decline in sunkist soda, partially offset by a 6% increase in canada dry. our other csd brands decreased 6%. the decreases were partially offset by a 5% gain in squirt. dr pepper was flat compared to the prior year as increases in regular were fully offset by declines in diet.
branded ncb volumes increased 2% for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared with the year ended december 31, 2015. our water category increased 23% primarily due to distribution gains for bai brands, fiji and core hydration, and incremental promotional activity behind bai brands primarily in our club channel. clamato and snapple increased 5% and 1%, respectively. our other ncb brands increased 3%, led by body armor and venom. these increases were partially offset by a 5% decline in hawaiian punch due to category headwinds and higher pricing for our single-serve packages and a 3% decrease in mott's due to declines in the juice category and higher pricing for our single-serve packages, partially offset by gains in our sauce products.
contract manufacturing decreased 3% for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared with the year ended december 31, 2015.
net sales. net sales increased $152 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared with the year ended december 31, 2015. net sales increased due to favorable product and package mix, as a result of our ncbs, including our allied brands, and higher pricing.
sop. sop increased $62 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, compared with the year ended december 31, 2015, as a result of an increase in net sales partially offset by increases in cost of sales and sg&a expenses. cost of sales increased due to higher costs associated with product mix, as a result of our ncbs, including our allied brands, partially offset by lower commodity costs, led by packaging, and ongoing productivity improvements. sg&a expenses increased due primarily to higher people costs, increased planned marketing investments, a non-recurring charge of $4 million related to the transition of a certain employee benefit program and increases in other operating costs. these increases were partially offset by reductions in our logistics costs, driven primarily by lower fuel rates, and lower incentive compensation.
volume. sales volume increased 5% for the year ended december 31, 2016 as compared with the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase in sales volume was primarily driven by a 7% gain in squirt, due to increased sales to third party bottlers and product innovation. peñafiel increased 3% as a result of distribution gains, increased promotional activity and product innovation, partially offset by increased competition. clamato increased 20% due to increased promotional activity, distribution gains, and product innovation. aguafiel and crush increased 7% and 11%, respectively. our other brands increased approximately 1%. these increases were partially offset by a decline in 7up of 4%, driven by declines in puerto rico.
net sales. net sales decreased $37 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared with the year ended december 31, 2015. net sales decreased as a result of unfavorable foreign currency translation of $72 million, which was partially offset by increased sales volume and higher pricing.
sop. sop decreased $10 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared with the year ended december 31, 2015, driven by a decrease in net sales, partially offset by decreases in cost of sales and sg&a expenses. cost of sales decreased in the current year primarily as a result of favorable foreign currency effects, ongoing productivity improvements, and lower commodity costs, led by sweeteners and packaging, which were partially offset by higher costs associated with increased sales volumes. sg&a expenses decreased in the current year primarily due to favorable foreign currency effects, which were partially offset by higher people costs, a $4 million arbitration award related to our former mexican joint venture, increased professional fees, higher marketing investments, and increases in other operating costs. the impact of the favorable foreign currency effects, which decreased cost of sales and sg&a expenses, totaled $44 million.
gross profit                                       3,723            59.3                  3,630            59.3                  93                3
provision (benefit) for income taxes                 420             6.7                    371             6.1                  49               13
effective tax rate                                  35.5    %         nm                   34.6    %         nm                  nm               nm volume (bcs). volume (bcs) increased 2% for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared with the year ended december 31, 2014. in the u.s. and canada, volume was 1% higher, and in mexico and the caribbean, volume increased 8%, compared with the year ago period. branded csd volume increased 1% while branded ncb volume was 4% higher compared to the prior year.
in branded csds, peñafiel grew 14% in our latin america beverages segment as a result of distribution gains and increased promotional activity. squirt increased 7% primarily driven by increased sales to third-party bottlers. schweppes grew 9% reflecting distribution gains in our sparkling water and growth in the ginger ale category. these gains were partially offset by a 1% decrease in dr pepper, driven primarily by declines in our diet products, a 3% decrease in rc cola and a 1% decline in crush. canada dry, 7up, a&w and sunkist soda (our "core 4 brands") were flat compared to the prior year, driven by an 8% increase in canada dry fully offset by a 6% decline in 7up, a 4% decrease in sunkist soda and a 1% decline in a&w. our other csd brands in total were also flat compared to the prior year.
in branded ncbs, our water category increased 13% due to distribution gains and product innovation for bai brands and marketing investments behind fiji. snapple grew 6% over last year primarily driven by product innovation and distribution gains. clamato increased 12% primarily due to distribution gains and increased promotional activity in our latin america beverages segment. hawaiian punch grew 3% primarily as a result of package innovation. these increases were partially offset by a 1% decrease in mott's and a 3% decline in our other ncb brands in total.
net sales. net sales increased $161 million, or approximately 3%, for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared with the year ended december 31, 2014. the primary drivers of the increase were favorable product and package mix, an increase in branded sales volumes, favorable segment mix and higher pricing, partially offset by $115 million in unfavorable foreign currency translation.
gross profit. gross profit increased $93 million, or approximately 3%, for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared with the year ended december 31, 2014. although the gross margin for the year ended december 31, 2015 of 59.3% remain unchanged year over year, the following drivers impacted the gross margin:
•   lower commodity costs, led by packaging, and net of the change in our last-in, first-out ("lifo") inventory provision, which increased our gross margin by 0.8%;
•   ongoing productivity improvements, which increased our gross margin by 0.5%;
•   unfavorable comparison in our mark-to-market activity on commodity derivative contracts, which decreased our gross margin by 0.4%.
the unfavorable mark-to-market activity on commodity derivative contracts for the year ended december 31, 2015 was $13 million in unrealized losses versus $11 million in unrealized gains in the prior year.
sg&a expenses. sg&a expenses decreased $21 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared with the prior year. the decrease was primarily driven by the impact of favorable foreign currency effects, which decreased sg&a expenses by $41 million, and a $32 million favorable comparison in the mark-to-market activity on commodity derivative contracts. for the year ended december 31, 2015, we recognized $8 million in unrealized gains related to the mark-to-market activity on commodity derivative contracts versus $24 million in unrealized losses in the year ago period. these drivers were partially offset by higher people costs, which were driven by inflationary increases and the impact of increased sales volumes, and higher performance-based incentive compensation.
income from operations. income from operations increased $118 million to $1,298 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, due primarily to the increase in gross profit and decreases in sg&a expenses and depreciation and amortization, partially offset by a non-cash charge of $7 million for the brand value impairment of garden cocktail.
effective tax rate. the effective tax rates for the year ended december 31, 2015 and 2014 were 35.5% and 34.6%, respectively. the 2015 effective tax rate was higher, compared to the prior year, as a result of an income tax benefit in 2014 of $4 million due to the resolution of a tax audit in a foreign jurisdiction.
results of operations by segment the following tables set forth net sales and sop for our segments for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, as well as the other amounts necessary to reconcile our total segment results to our consolidated results presented in accordance with u.s. gaap:
income before provision (benefit) for income taxes and equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries      $1,184                $1,073
net sales. net sales increased $13 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared with the year ended december 31, 2014. the increase was due to favorable mix, primarily driven by our fountain business, and higher pricing. the increases were partially offset by higher discounts primarily driven by our fountain business, unfavorable foreign currency translation of $11 million and a slight reduction in our concentrate case sales.
sop. sop increased $17 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared with the year ended december 31, 2014, driven primarily by an increase in net sales and a decrease in cost of sales. the decrease in cost of sales was primarily driven by a favorable lifo comparison, favorable manufacturing and delivery costs, ongoing productivity improvements and lower commodity costs.
volume (bcs). volume (bcs) was flat for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared with the year ended december 31, 2014. schweppes had gains of 8% driven by distribution gains in our sparkling water and growth in the ginger ale category. our core 4 brands increased 1% compared to the prior year as a result of a 7% increase in canada dry, partially offset by a 7% decrease in 7up, a 4% decline in sunkist soda and a 3% decrease in a&w. these increases were fully offset by decreases in dr pepper, crush and our other brands. dr pepper decreased 1%, driven primarily by declines in our diet products. crush decreased 1% for 2015. our other brands declined 3%.
volume. branded csd volumes were flat for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared with the year ended december 31, 2014. squirt increased 5%, compared to the prior year, driven primarily by our hispanic strategy. volume for our core 4 brands increased 1%, led by a 13% increase in canada dry and a 1% gain in a&w, partially offset by a 5% decrease in 7up and a 3% decline in sunkist soda. these increases were fully offset by 1% declines in dr pepper, driven primarily by declines in our diet products, rc cola and our other csd brands.
branded ncb volumes increased 6% for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared with the year ended december 31, 2014. our water category increased 22% primarily due to distribution gains for bai brands and marketing investments behind fiji. snapple gained 6% primarily driven by product innovation and distribution gains, while hawaiian punch increased 4% primarily as a result of package innovation. clamato increased 6% while mott's was flat. our other ncb brands were 2% higher compared to the prior year, led by venom.
net sales. net sales increased $183 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared with the year ended december 31, 2014. net sales increased due to favorable product mix, higher branded sales volumes and net pricing increases, partially offset by $22 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation.
sop. sop increased $73 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared with the year ended december 31, 2014, as a result of an increase in net sales partially offset by increases in cost of sales and sg&a expenses. cost of sales increased as a result of higher costs associated with product mix and increased branded sales volumes. these increases in our cost of sales were partially offset by lower commodity costs, led by packaging, and ongoing productivity improvements. sg&a expenses increased due primarily to higher people costs, which were driven by inflationary increases and the impact of increased sales volumes. other drivers of the change included an increase in litigation expense and higher incentive compensation, partially offset by favorable foreign currency effects. the increase in litigation expense was the result of various settlements agreed to during the year and the unfavorable comparison of a litigation provision reversed in the prior year. the impact of the favorable foreign currency effects, which decreased cost of sales and sg&a expenses, totaled $6 million.
volume. sales volume increased 8% for the year ended december 31, 2015 as compared with the year ended december 31, 2014. the increase in sales volume was primarily driven by a 14% increase in peñafiel as a result of distribution gains and increased promotional activity. squirt grew by 8% as a result of increased sales to third party bottlers. clamato increased 22% due to distribution gains and increased promotional activity, while 7up increased 4%. these increases were partially offset by declines in crush and aguafiel of 4% and 1%, respectively, while our other brands decreased 6%.
net sales. net sales decreased $35 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared with the year ended december 31, 2014. net sales decreased as a result of unfavorable foreign currency translation of $82 million, which was partially offset by increased sales volume.
sop. sop increased $10 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared with the year ended december 31, 2014, driven by decreases in cost of sales and sg&a expenses, which were partially offset by a decrease in net sales. cost of sales decreased in 2015 primarily as a result of favorable foreign currency effects, ongoing productivity improvements, and lower commodity costs, led by packaging, which were partially offset by higher costs associated with increased sales volumes. sg&a expenses decreased in 2015 primarily due to favorable foreign currency effects and lower marketing investments, which were partially offset by higher logistics costs, driven by increased sales volumes. the impact of the favorable foreign currency effects, which decreased cost of sales and sg&a expenses, totaled $52 million.
liquidity and capital resources trends and uncertainties affecting liquidity customer and consumer demand for our products may be impacted by various risk factors discussed in item 1a, "risk factors", including recession or other economic downturn in the u.s., mexico and the caribbean or canada, which could result in a reduction in our sales volume. similarly, disruptions in financial and credit markets may impact our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with our customers, suppliers and creditors. these disruptions could have a negative impact on the ability of our customers to timely pay their obligations to us, thus reducing our cash flow, or the ability of our vendors to timely supply materials.
we believe that the following events, trends and uncertainties may also impact liquidity:
•   the closing of the bai brands merger in january 2017, which reduced our liquidity by approximately $1,653 million;
•   continued capital expenditures;
•   seasonality of our operating cash flows could impact short-term liquidity;
•   our ability to negotiate a new credit agreement to replace our existing credit facility which expires in september 2017;
•   our ability to issue unsecured commercial paper notes ("commercial paper") on a private placement basis up to a maximum aggregate amount outstanding at any time of $500 million;
•   future equity investments in allied brands; and
•   future mergers or acquisitions of regional bottling companies, distributors and/or distribution rights to further extend our geographic coverage.
financing arrangements the following descriptions represent our available financing arrangements as of december 31, 2016. as of december 31, 2016, we were in compliance with all covenant requirements for our senior unsecured notes, unsecured credit agreement, commercial paper program and bridge financing commitment letter.
commercial paper program on december 10, 2010, we entered into a commercial paper program under which we may issue commercial paper on a private placement basis up to a maximum aggregate amount outstanding at any time of $500 million. the maturities of the commercial paper will vary, but may not exceed 364 days from the date of issuance. we issue commercial paper as needed for general corporate purposes. the program is supported by the revolver (as defined below). outstanding commercial paper reduces the amount of borrowing capacity available under the revolver and outstanding amounts under the revolver reduce the commercial paper availability. under this program, we had weighted average commercial paper borrowings of $1 million, $23 million and $67 million for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, with maturities of 90 days or less. these commercial paper borrowings had a weighted average rate of 0.65%, 0.50% and 0.23% for 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. as of december 31, 2016 and 2015, we had no commercial paper outstanding.
unsecured credit agreement on september 25, 2012, we entered into a five-year unsecured credit agreement (the "credit agreement"), which provides for a $500 million revolving line of credit (the "revolver"). borrowings under the revolver bear interest at a floating rate per annum based upon the alternate base rate ("abr") or the eurodollar rate, in each case plus an applicable margin which varies based upon our debt ratings. rates range from 0.000% to 0.300% for abr loans and from 0.795% to 1.300% for eurodollar loans. the abr is defined as the greater of (a) jpmorgan chase bank's prime rate, (b) the federal funds effective rate plus 0.500% and (c) the adjusted libor for a one month interest period. the adjusted libor is the london interbank offered rate for dollars adjusted for a statutory reserve rate set by the board of governors of the u.s. federal reserve system.
additionally, the revolver is available for the issuance of letters of credit and swingline advances not to exceed $75 million and $50 million, respectively. swingline advances will accrue interest at a rate equal to the abr plus the applicable margin. letters of credit and swingline advances will reduce, on a dollar for dollar basis, the amount available under the revolver.
we are currently in the process of negotiating a new credit agreement to replace the credit agreement, as it is maturing in september 2017.
the following table provides amounts utilized and available under the revolver and each sublimit arrangement type as of december 31, 2016:
letters of credit    -                                       75
the credit agreement further provides that we may request at any time, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, that the aggregate commitments under the facility be increased by a total amount not to exceed $250 million.
the credit agreement's representations, warranties, covenants and events of default are generally customary for investment grade credit and include a financial covenant that requires us to maintain a ratio of consolidated total debt (as defined in the credit agreement) to annualized consolidated ebitda (as defined in the credit agreement) of no more than 3.00 to 1.00, tested quarterly. upon the occurrence of an event of default, among other things, amounts outstanding under the credit agreement may be accelerated and the commitments may be terminated. our obligations under the credit agreement are guaranteed by certain of our direct and indirect domestic subsidiaries on the terms set forth in the credit agreement. the credit agreement has a maturity date of september 25, 2017; however, with the consent of lenders holding more than 50% of the total commitments under the credit agreement and subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, we may extend the maturity date for up to two additional one-year terms.
a facility fee is payable quarterly to the lenders on the unused portion of the commitments available under the revolver equal to 0.08% to 0.20% per annum, depending upon our debt ratings.
bridge financing for bai brands on november 21, 2016, the company entered into the bridge facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to $1,700 million, in order to ensure that financing would be available for the bai brands merger. refer to note 9 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for information on fees incurred in connection with the bridge facility.
the capacity of the bridge facility is reduced dollar-for-dollar by the consummation of any debt or equity offerings or any asset sales, as defined in the commitment letter filed in our form 8-k on november 23, 2016. the issuance of four tranches of senior unsecured notes, consisting of the 2021-b notes for $250 million, the 2023 notes for $500 million, the 2027 notes for $400 million and the 2046 notes for $400 million (collectively, the "acquisition notes") in december 2016 reduced the capacity of the bridge facility by the net proceeds received of $1,541 million, and as of december 31, 2016, $159 million remained available to the company under the bridge facility. on january 31, 2017, in accordance with its terms, the remaining commitment under the bridge facility was automatically terminated upon the company's funding of the bai brands merger with the net proceeds from the acquisition notes and cash on hand.
shelf registration statement on august 10, 2016, our board authorized us to issue up to $2,000 million of securities from time to time. subsequently, we filed a "well-known seasoned issuer" shelf registration statement with the sec, effective september 2, 2016, which registers an indeterminable amount of securities for future sales. on november 16, 2016, the board increased the authorized aggregate amount of securities available to be issued by an additional $400 million. as of december 31, 2016, we have issued senior unsecured notes of $1,950 million, as described in note 9 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements, leaving $450 million available for issuance under the authorization as of december 31, 2016.
letters of credit facilities we currently have letters of credit facilities available in addition to the portion of the revolver available for issuance of letters of credit. under these incremental letters of credit facilities, $120 million is available for the issuance of letters of credit, $60 million of which was utilized as of december 31, 2016 and $60 million of which remains available for use.
liquidity based on our current and anticipated level of operations, we believe that our operating cash flows and cash on hand will be sufficient to meet our anticipated obligations for the next twelve months. to the extent that our operating cash flows are not sufficient to meet our liquidity needs, we may utilize amounts available under our financing arrangements, if necessary.
the following table summarizes our cash activity for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014:
net cash provided by operating activities                $939              $991              $1,022
net cash used in investing activities                    (189   )          (194   )            (185   )
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities       130              (114   )            (747   )
net cash provided by operating activities net cash provided by operating activities decreased $52 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily due to our $35 million multi-employer pension plan settlement payment.
net cash provided by operating activities decreased $31 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily due to unfavorable working capital comparisons to the prior year.
net cash used in investing activities
cash used in investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2016 consisted primarily of purchases of property, plant and equipment of $180 million, the step acquisition of iebm and ema of $15 million and an additional investment in ba sports nutrition, llc ("ba sports") of $6 million, partially offset by cash received in the step acquisition of iebm and ema of $17 million.
cash used in investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2015, consisted primarily of purchases of property, plant and equipment of $179 million and investments in ba sports and bai brands of $20 million and $15 million, respectively, partially offset by $20 million of proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment.
cash used in investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2014, consisted primarily of purchases of property, plant and equipment of $170 million and $19 million paid in connection with the acquisition of davis beverages group, inc. and davis bottling co., inc. ("davis").
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2016 primarily consisted of proceeds from our issuances of senior unsecured notes, partially offset by stock repurchases of $519 million, dividend payments of $386 million, the repayment at maturity of our 2.90% notes due 2016 of $500 million, and our partial redemption of our 6.82% senior notes due 2018, which included $360 million for principal repayments and $31 million related to the redemption premium.
on december 14, 2016, we issued an additional $1,550 million of senior unsecured notes consisting of $250 million aggregate principal amount of 2.53% senior notes due 2021, $500 million aggregate principal amount of 3.13% senior notes due 2023, $400 million aggregate principal amount of 3.43% senior notes due 2027, and $400 million aggregate principal amount of 4.42% senior notes due 2046.
net cash used in financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2015 primarily consisted of stock repurchases of $521 million and dividend payments of $355 million, largely offset by proceeds from our issuance of senior unsecured notes.
net cash used in financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2014 primarily consisted of stock repurchases of $400 million and dividend payments of $317 million.
capital expenditures capital expenditures were $180 million, $179 million and $170 million for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. capital expenditures for the year ended december 31, 2016 primarily related to machinery and equipment, our distribution fleet, and costs associated with a new manufacturing plant in mexico.
capital expenditures for the year ended december 31, 2015 primarily related to machinery and equipment including production improvements in our mexico facilities, distribution fleet and buildings and improvements.
capital expenditures for the year ended december 31, 2014 primarily related to machinery and equipment including production improvements in our mexico facilities, our distribution fleet, it investments and expansion and replacement of existing cold drink equipment.
in 2017, we expect to incur annual capital expenditures, net of proceeds from disposals, in an amount of approximately 3% of our net sales, which we expect to fund through cash provided by operating activities.
cash and cash equivalents as a result of the above items, cash and cash equivalents increased $876 million since december 31, 2015 to $1,787 million as of december 31, 2016, primarily driven by the issuance of senior unsecured notes in december 2016 and our net cash provided by operating activities, partially offset by increased distributions to our shareholders.
our cash balances are used to fund acquisitions, working capital requirements, scheduled debt and interest payments, income tax obligations, repurchases of our common stock, dividend payments and capital expenditures. cash generated by our foreign operations is generally repatriated to the u.s. periodically except when required to fund working capital requirements in those jurisdictions. foreign cash balances were $51 million and $52 million as of december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. we accrue tax costs for repatriation, as applicable, as cash is generated in those foreign jurisdictions.
acquisitions and investments we have shown a disciplined approach to strategic investments in certain allied brands to enhance our position in premium and high growth categories and strengthen our existing distribution partnerships. during the year ended december 31, 2015, we acquired a minor equity interest in bai brands for $15 million. on november 21, 2016, we entered into the merger agreement with bai brands whereby we agreed to acquire the remaining equity interests in bai brands for an aggregate purchase price of $1.7 billion, subject to certain adjustments in the merger agreement. on january 31, 2017, we completed the bai brands merger. refer to notes 3 and 24 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for additional information on the bai brands merger.
during the year ended december 31, 2015, the company acquired an 11.7% equity interest in ba sports nutrition, llc for $20 million. during the year ended december 31, 2016, we acquired an additional interest of 3.8% in ba sports nutrition, llc for $6 million, which increased our total ownership interest to 15.5%.
we have also made acquisitions to strengthen our route to market and support efforts to build and enhance our leading brands. on september 13, 2016, we agreed to purchase all of the outstanding shares of iebm and ema, previously 50:50 joint ventures between one of our subsidiaries and acqua minerale san benedetto s.p.a. ("san benedetto"). we paid approximately $15 million in cash for all of the outstanding shares of iebm and ema owned by san benedetto.
on october 31, 2014, we acquired certain assets and liabilities of davis in exchange for $19 million in cash and a $2 million holdback liability to satisfy any working capital adjustments and applicable indemnification claims, pursuant to the terms of the purchase agreement. during the year ended december 31, 2015, we paid out $1 million of the holdback liability.
we may continue to make future equity investments in allied brands and/or acquisitions of regional bottling companies, distributors and/or distribution rights to further extend our geographic coverage. any acquisitions may require additional funding for future capital expenditures and possibly restructuring expenses.
refer to part ii, item 5 "market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities" of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information regarding these repurchases.
contractual commitments and obligations we enter into various contractual obligations that impact, or could impact, our liquidity. based on our current and anticipated level of operations, we believe that our proceeds from operating cash flows and cash on hand will be sufficient to meet our anticipated obligations. to the extent that our operating cash flows and cash on hand are not sufficient to meet our liquidity needs, we may utilize amounts available under our financing arrangements, if necessary. refer to note 9 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the senior unsecured notes payments described in this table.
capital leases(3)                               191                  20                20                19                18                17                 97
(1)   amounts represent payment for the senior unsecured notes issued by us. please refer to note 9 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for further information.
(2)   amount represents consideration for the bai brands merger, which was primarily paid on january 31, 2017. please refer to note 3 and note 24 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for further information.
(3)   amounts represent our contractual payment obligations for our lease arrangements classified as capital leases. these amounts exclude renewal options not yet executed but were included in the lease term to determine the capital lease obligation as the lease imposes a penalty on us in such amount that the renewal appeared reasonably assured at lease inception.
(4)   amounts represent minimum rental commitments under non-cancelable operating leases.
(5)   amounts represent payments under agreements to purchase goods or services that are legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including capital obligations and long-term contractual obligations. long-term contractual obligations include, but are not limited to, commodity commitments and marketing commitments including sponsorships. amounts exclude any gain or loss upon settlement of commodity derivative instruments. refer to note 10 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for further information.
(6)   amounts represent our estimated interest payments based on specified interest rates for fixed rate debt and the impact of interest rate swaps that effectively convert fixed interest rates to variable interest rates. amounts exclude any gain or loss upon settlement of related interest rate swaps. refer to note 10 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for further information.
amounts excluded from our table as of december 31, 2016, we had $19 million of non-current unrecognized tax benefits, related interest and penalties classified as a long-term liability. the table above does not reflect any payments related to these amounts as it is not possible to make a reasonable estimate of the amount or timing of the payment. refer to note 12 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for further information.
the total accrued benefit liability representing the underfunded position for pension and other postretirement benefit plans recognized as of december 31, 2016 was approximately $39 million. this amount is impacted by, among other items, funding levels, plan amendments, changes in plan assumptions and the investment return on plan assets. we did not include estimated payments related to our total accrued benefit liability in the table above.
the pension protection act of 2006 was enacted in august 2006 and established, among other things, new standards for funding of u.s. defined benefit pension plans. we generally expect to fund all future contributions with cash flows from operating activities. our international pension plans are generally funded in accordance with local laws and income tax regulations. we did not include our estimated contributions to our various single employer plans in the table above.
refer to note 13 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for further information regarding our single employer plans discussed above.
we have a deferred compensation plan where the assets are maintained in a rabbi trust and the corresponding liability related to the plan is recorded in other non-current liabilities. we did not include estimated payments related to the deferred compensation liability as the timing and payment of these amounts are determined by the participants and outside our control. refer to note 2 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for further information.
in general, we are covered under conventional insurance programs with high deductibles or are self-insured for large portions of many different types of claims. our accrued liabilities for our losses related to these programs is estimated through actuarial procedures of the insurance industry and by using industry assumptions, adjusted for our specific expectations based on our claim history. as of december 31, 2016, our accrued liabilities for our losses related to these programs totaled approximately $103 million. refer to notes 8 and 11 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for further information. we did not include estimated payments related to our insurance liability in the table above.
off-balance sheet arrangements we currently participate in three multi-employer pension plans. in the event that we withdraw from participation in one of these plans, the plan will ultimately assess us a withdrawal liability for exiting the plan, and u.s. gaap would require us to record the withdrawal charge as an expense in our consolidated statements of income and as a liability on our consolidated balance sheets once the multi-employer pension withdrawal charge is probable and estimable. there are no other off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources other than letters of credit outstanding.
refer to note 9 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding outstanding letters of credit.
critical accounting estimates the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap requires the use of estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses. critical accounting estimates are both fundamental to the portrayal of a company's financial condition and results and require difficult, subjective or complex estimates and assessments. these estimates and judgments are based on historical experience, future expectations and other factors and assumptions we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. the most significant estimates and judgments are reviewed on an ongoing basis and revised when necessary. we have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology we use to assess or measure our critical accounting estimates. we have identified the items described below as our critical accounting estimates. we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions we use in our critical accounting estimates. however, if actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions, we may be exposed to gains or losses that could be material to our consolidated financial statements. see note 2 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for a discussion of these and other accounting policies.
description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            judgments and uncertainties                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                effect if actual results differ from assumptions goodwill and other indefinite lived intangible assets for goodwill and other indefinite lived intangible assets, we conduct tests for impairment annually, as of october 1, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. we use present value and other valuation techniques to make this assessment. if the carrying amount of goodwill or an intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. for purposes of impairment testing we assign goodwill to the reporting unit that benefits from the synergies arising from each business combination and also assign indefinite lived intangible assets to our reporting units. we define reporting units as beverage concentrates, latin america beverages, and packaged beverages' two reporting units, dsd and wd.                       for our detailed impairment analysis, we used an income based approach to determine the fair value of our assets, as well as an overall consideration of market capitalization and our enterprise value. these types of analyses contain uncertainties because they require management to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate industry and economic factors and the profitability of future business strategies. these assumptions could be negatively impacted by various risks discussed in "risk factors" in this annual report on form 10-k.                                                                            the carrying values of goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets as of december 31, 2016, were $2,993 million and $2,656 million, respectively.
the impairment test for indefinite lived intangible assets encompasses calculating a fair value of an indefinite lived intangible asset and comparing the fair value to its carrying value. if the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value, impairment is recorded. the impairment tests for goodwill include comparing a fair value of the respective reporting unit with its carrying value, including goodwill and considering any indefinite lived intangible asset impairment charges ("step 1"). if the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value, impairment is indicated and a second step ("step 2") analysis must be performed.                                                                                                                                                                                                critical assumptions include revenue growth and profit performance, as well as an appropriate discount rate. discount rates are based on a weighted average cost of equity and cost of debt, adjusted with various risk premiums. for 2016, such discount rates ranged from 5.00% to 10.25%.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               we have not identified any impairments in goodwill or other indefinite lived intangible assets during the year.
the effect of a 1% increase in the discount rate used to determine the fair value of the reporting units as of october 1, 2016 would not change our conclusion, as the fair value of the reporting units would still exceed the carrying value for all of our goodwill by at least 100%.
revenue recognition we recognize revenue, net of the costs of our customer incentives, at the time risk of loss has been transferred to our customer.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      our customer incentives and marketing accrual methodology contains uncertainties because it requires management to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate our customer participation and volume performance levels which impact the expense recognition. our estimate of the amount and timing of customer participation and volume performance levels is based primarily on a combination of known or historical transaction experience and forecasted volumes. differences between estimated expenses and actual costs are normally insignificant and are recognized to earnings in the period differences are determined.   a 10% change in the accrual for our customer incentives and marketing programs as of december 31, 2016, would have affected our net sales and sg&amp;a expenses by $25 million and $3 million for the year ended december 31, 2016.
accruals for customer incentives and marketing programs are established for the expected payout based on contractual terms, volume-based metrics and/or historical trends.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             further judgment is required to ensure the classification of the spend is correctly recorded as either a reduction from gross sales or advertising and marketing expense.
description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           judgments and uncertainties                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  effect if actual results differ from assumptions pension benefits we have several pension plans covering employees who satisfy age and length of service requirements. depending on the plan, pension benefits are based on a combination of factors, which may include salary, age and years of service.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               the calculation of pension plan obligations and related expenses is dependent on several assumptions used to estimate the present value of the benefits earned while the employee is eligible to participate in the plans.                                                                                                                                                                   the effect of a 1% increase or decrease in the weighted-average discount rate used to determine the pension benefit obligations for u.s. plans would change the benefit obligation as of december 31, 2016 by approximately a $24 million decrease and a $29 million increase, respectively. the effect of a 1% increase or decrease in the weighted-average discount rate used to determine the net periodic pension costs would change the costs for the year ended december 31, 2016 by approximately a $2 million decrease and a $3 million increase, respectively. the effect of a 1% increase or decrease in the expected return on plan assets used to determine the net periodic pension costs would change the costs for the year ended december 31, 2016 by approximately $2 million.
our largest u.s. defined benefit pension plan, which is a cash balance plan, was suspended and the accrued benefit was frozen effective december 31, 2008. participants in this plan no longer earn additional benefits for future services or salary increases.                                                                                                                                                                                                                      the key assumptions we use in the actuarial methods to determine the plan obligations and related expenses include: (1) the discount rate used to calculate the present value of the plan liabilities; (2) retirement age and mortality; and (3) the expected return on plan assets. our assumptions reflect our historical experience and our best judgment regarding future performance.
employee benefit plan obligations and expenses included in our consolidated financial statements are determined from actuarial analyses based on plan assumptions, employee demographic data, years of service, compensation, benefits paid and employer contributions.                                                                                                                                                                                                               refer to note 13 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for further information about the key assumptions.
risk management programs we retain selected levels of property, casualty, workers' compensation, health and other business risks. many of these risks are covered under conventional insurance programs with high deductibles or self-insured retentions.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      we believe the use of actuarial methods to estimate our future losses provides a consistent and effective way to measure our self-insured liabilities. however, the estimation of our liability is judgmental and uncertain given the nature of claims involved and length of time until their ultimate cost is known.                                                                       we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions we use to calculate our self-insured liabilities. the final settlement amount of claims can differ materially from our estimate as a result of changes in factors such as the frequency and severity of accidents, medical cost inflation, legislative actions, uncertainty around jury verdicts and awards and other factors outside of our control.
accrued liabilities related to the retained casualty and health risks are calculated based on loss experience and development factors, which contemplate a number of variables including claim history and expected trends. these loss development factors are established in consultation with actuaries.                                                                                   a 10% change in our accrued liabilities related to the retained risks, net of associated receivables, as of december 31, 2016 would have affected income from operations by approximately $9 million for the year ended december 31, 2016.
income taxes we establish income tax liabilities to remove some or all of the income tax benefit of any of our income tax positions based upon one of the following: (1) the tax position is not "more likely than not" to be sustained, (2) the tax position is "more likely than not" to be sustained, but for a lesser amount, or (3) the tax position is "more likely than not" to be sustained , but not in the financial period in which the tax position was originally taken.              our liability for uncertain tax positions contains uncertainties because management is required to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate the exposures associated with our various tax positions.                                                                                                                                                                               our income tax returns, like those of most companies, are periodically audited by domestic and foreign tax authorities. these audits include questions regarding our tax positions, including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions. as these audits progress, events may occur that cause us to change our liability for uncertain tax positions.
we assess the likelihood of realizing our deferred tax assets. valuation allowances reduce deferred tax assets to the amount more likely than not to be realized.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     we base our judgment of the recoverability of our deferred tax asset primarily on historical earnings, our estimate of current and expected future earnings and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies.                                                                                                                                                                                to the extent we prevail in matters for which a liability for uncertain tax positions has been established, or are required to pay amounts in excess of our established liability, our effective tax rate in a given financial statement period could be materially affected. an unfavorable tax settlement generally would require use of our cash and may result in an increase in our effective tax rate in the period of resolution. a favorable tax settlement may be recognized as a reduction in our effective tax rate in the period of resolution.
effect of recent accounting pronouncements financial accounting standards board issued accounting standards update asu 2016-09, compensation - stock compensation (topic 718): improvements to employee share based payment accounting ("asu 2016-09") which we will adopt as of january 1, 2017. we estimate the adoption of the standard will result in incremental income tax benefit of $14 million for the year ended december 31, 2017. fluctuations in the our stock price and changes in expected option holder activity may increase or decrease our estimated income tax benefit. refer to note 2 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recently issued accounting standards and recently adopted provisions of u.s. gaap, including the provisions of asu 2016-09.