item 1a.   risk factors.
m&t and its subsidiaries could be adversely impacted by a number of risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict.  as a financial institution certain risk elements are inherent in the ordinary course of the company's business activities and adverse experience with those risks could have a material impact on the company's business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as on the values of the company's financial instruments and m&t's common stock.  the company has developed a risk management process to identify, understand, mitigate and balance its exposure to significant risks. the following risk factors set forth some of the risks that could materially and adversely impact the company.
market risk weakness in the economy has adversely affected the company in the past and may adversely affect the company in the future.
poor business and economic conditions in general or specifically in markets served by the company could have one or more of the following adverse effects on the company's business:
•   a decrease in the demand for loans and other products and services offered by the company.
•   a decrease in net interest income derived from the company's lending and deposit gathering activities.
•   a decrease in the value of the company's investment securities, loans held for sale or other assets secured by residential or commercial real estate.
•   other-than-temporary impairment of investment securities in the company's investment securities portfolio.
•   a decrease in fees from the company's brokerage and trust businesses associated with declines or lack of growth in stock market prices.
•   an impairment of certain intangible assets, such as goodwill.
•   an increase in the number of customers and counterparties who become delinquent, file for protection under bankruptcy laws or default on their loans or other obligations to the company. an increase in the number of delinquencies, bankruptcies or defaults could result in higher levels of nonperforming assets, net charge-offs, provision for credit losses and valuation adjustments on loans held for sale.
the company's business and financial performance is impacted significantly by market interest rates and movements in those rates. the monetary, tax and other policies of governmental agencies, including the federal reserve, have a significant impact on interest rates and overall financial market performance over which the company has no control and which the company may not be able to anticipate adequately.
as a result of the high percentage of the company's assets and liabilities that are in the form of interest-bearing or interest-related instruments, changes in interest rates, in the shape of the yield curve or in spreads between different market interest rates, can have a material effect on the company's business and profitability and the value of the company's assets and liabilities. for example:
•   changes in interest rates or interest rate spreads can affect the difference between the interest that the company earns on assets and the interest that the company pays on
liabilities, which impacts the company's overall net interest income and profitability.
•   such changes can affect the ability of borrowers to meet obligations under variable or adjustable rate loans and other debt instruments, and can, in turn, affect the company's loss rates on those assets.
•   such changes may decrease the demand for interest rate based products and services, including loans and deposits.
•   such changes can also affect the company's ability to hedge various forms of market and interest rate risk and may decrease the profitability or protection or increase the risk or cost associated with such hedges.
•   movements in interest rates also affect mortgage prepayment speeds and could result in the impairment of capitalized mortgage servicing assets, reduce the value of loans held for sale and increase the volatility of mortgage banking revenues, potentially adversely affecting the company's results of operations.
the monetary, tax and other policies of the government and its agencies, including the federal reserve, have a significant impact on interest rates and overall financial market performance. these governmental policies can thus affect the activities and results of operations of banking companies such as the company. an important function of the federal reserve is to regulate the national supply of bank credit and certain interest rates. the actions of the federal reserve influence the rates of interest that the company charges on loans and that the company pays on borrowings and interest-bearing deposits and can also affect the value of the company's on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet financial instruments. also, due to the impact on rates for short-term funding, the federal reserve's policies also influence, to a significant extent, the company's cost of such funding. in addition, the company is routinely subject to examinations from various governmental taxing authorities. such examinations may result in challenges to the tax return treatment applied by the company to specific transactions. management believes that the assumptions and judgment used to record tax-related assets or liabilities have been appropriate. should tax laws change or the tax authorities determine that management's assumptions were inappropriate, the result and adjustments required could have a material effect on the company's results of operations. m&t cannot predict the nature or timing of future changes in monetary, tax and other policies or the effect that they may have on the company's business activities, financial condition and results of operations.
the company's business and performance is vulnerable to the impact of volatility in debt and equity markets.
as most of the company's assets and liabilities are financial in nature, the company's performance tends to be sensitive to the performance of the financial markets. turmoil and volatility in u.s. and global financial markets can be a major contributory factor to overall weak economic conditions, leading to some of the risks discussed herein, including the impaired ability of borrowers and other counterparties to meet obligations to the company. financial market volatility also can have some of the following adverse effects on the company and its business, including adversely affecting the company's financial condition and results of operations:
•   it can affect the value or liquidity of the company's on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet financial instruments.
•   it can affect the value of capitalized servicing assets.
•   it can affect m&amp;t's ability to access capital markets to raise funds. inability to access capital markets if needed, at cost effective rates, could adversely affect the company's liquidity and results of operations.
•   it can affect the value of the assets that the company manages or otherwise administers or services for others. although the company is not directly impacted by changes in the value of such assets, decreases in the value of those assets would affect related fee income and could result in decreased demand for the company's services.
•   in general, it can impact the nature, profitability or risk profile of the financial transactions in which the company engages.
volatility in the markets for real estate and other assets commonly securing financial products has been and may continue to be a significant contributor to overall volatility in financial markets.
the company's regional concentrations expose it to adverse economic conditions in its primary retail banking office footprint.
the company's core banking business is largely concentrated within the company's retail banking office network footprint, located principally in new york, maryland, new jersey, pennsylvania, delaware, connecticut, virginia, west virginia and the district of columbia. therefore, the company is, or in the future may be, particularly vulnerable to adverse changes in economic conditions in the northeast and mid-atlantic regions.
risks relating to compliance and the regulatory environment the company is subject to extensive government regulation and supervision and this regulatory environment can be and has been significantly impacted by financial regulatory reform initiatives.
the company is subject to extensive federal and state regulation and supervision. banking regulations are primarily intended to protect depositors' funds, federal deposit insurance funds and the financial system as a whole, not stockholders. these regulations and supervisory guidance affect the company's lending practices, capital structure, amounts of capital, investment practices, dividend policy and growth, among other things. failure to comply with laws, regulations, policies or supervisory guidance could result in civil or criminal penalties, including monetary penalties, the loss of fdic insurance, the revocation of a banking charter, other sanctions by regulatory agencies, and/or reputation damage, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition and results of operations. in this regard, government authorities, including the bank regulatory agencies, are pursuing aggressive enforcement actions with respect to compliance and other legal matters involving financial activities, which heightens the risks associated with actual and perceived compliance failures and may also adversely affect the company's ability to enter into certain transactions or engage in certain activities, or obtain necessary regulatory approvals in connection therewith.
the u.s. government and others have recently undertaken major reforms of the regulatory oversight structure of the financial services industry. m&t expects to face increased regulation of its industry as a result of current and possible future initiatives. m&t also expects more intense scrutiny in the examination process and more aggressive enforcement of regulations on both the federal and state levels. compliance with these new regulations and supervisory initiatives will likely increase the company's costs, reduce its revenue and may limit its ability to pursue certain desirable business opportunities.
not all of the rules required or expected to be implemented under the dodd-frank act have been proposed or adopted, and certain of the rules that have been proposed or adopted under the dodd-frank act are subject to phase-in or transitional periods. reforms, both under the dodd-frank act and otherwise, will have a significant effect on the entire financial services industry. although it
is difficult to predict the magnitude and extent of these effects, m&t believes compliance with new regulations and other initiatives will likely negatively impact revenue and increase the cost of doing business, both in terms of transition expenses and on an ongoing basis, and may also limit m&t's ability to pursue certain desirable business opportunities. any new regulatory requirements or changes to existing requirements could require changes to the company's businesses, result in increased compliance costs and affect the profitability of such businesses. additionally, reform could affect the behaviors of third parties that the company deals with in the course of its business, such as rating agencies, insurance companies and investors. heightened regulatory practices, requirements or expectations could affect the company in substantial and unpredictable ways, and, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition and results of operations. while the change in administration in the u.s. may ultimately lead to the modification of certain of the regulations adopted since the financial crisis, uncertainty about the timing and scope of any such changes as well as the cost of complying with a new regulatory regime may negatively impact the company's businesses, at least in the short term, even if the long-term impact of any such changes may be positive for the company's businesses.
capital and liquidity standards adopted by the u.s. banking regulators have resulted in banks and bank holding companies needing to maintain more and higher quality capital and greater liquidity than has historically been the case.
new capital standards, both as a result of the dodd-frank act and the u.s. basel iii-based capital rules have had a significant effect on banks and bank holding companies, including m&t. the u.s. capital rules require bank holding companies and their bank subsidiaries to maintain substantially more capital, with a greater emphasis on common equity. for additional information, see "capital requirements" under part i, item 1 "business."
the need to maintain more and higher quality capital, as well as greater liquidity, going forward than historically has been required, and generally increased regulatory scrutiny with respect to capital and liquidity levels, could limit the company's business activities, including lending, and its ability to expand, either organically or through acquisitions. it could also result in m&t being required to take steps to increase its regulatory capital that may be dilutive to shareholders or limit its ability to pay dividends or otherwise return capital to shareholders, or sell or refrain from acquiring assets, the capital requirements for which are not justified by the assets' underlying risks.
in addition, the u.s. basel iii-based liquidity coverage ratio requirement and the liquidity-related provisions of the federal reserve's liquidity-related enhanced prudential supervision requirements adopted pursuant to section 165 of dodd-frank require the company to hold increased levels of unencumbered highly liquid investments, thereby reducing the company's ability to invest in other longer-term assets even if deemed more desirable from a balance sheet management perspective. moreover, u.s. federal banking agencies have been taking into account expectations regarding the ability of banks to meet these requirements, including under stressed conditions, in approving actions that represent uses of capital, such as dividend increases, share repurchases and acquisitions.
m&t's ability to return capital to shareholders and to pay dividends on common stock may be adversely affected by market and other factors outside of its control and will depend, in part, on a review of its capital plan by the federal reserve.
any decision by m&t to return capital to shareholders, whether through an increase in its common stock dividend or through a share repurchase program, requires the approval of the m&t board of directors and depends in large part on receiving regulatory approval, including through the federal
reserve's ccar process and the supervisory stress tests required under the dodd-frank act whereby m&t's financial position is tested under assumed severely adverse economic conditions. prior to the public disclosure of a bank holding company's ccar results, the federal reserve will provide the bhc with the results of its supervisory stress test and will offer a one-time opportunity for the bhc to reduce planned capital distributions through the submission of a revised capital plan. the federal reserve may object to any capital plan in which a bank holding company's regulatory capital ratios inclusive of adjustments to planned capital distributions, if any, would not meet the minimum requirements throughout a nine-quarter period under severely adverse stress conditions. in june 2016, the federal reserve announced that it did not object to m&t's revised ccar capital plan. in the future, if the federal reserve objects to m&t's ccar capital plan or raises concerns regarding the qualitative aspects of m&t's capital planning process through its supervisory oversight of m&t, it could impose restrictions on m&t's ability to return capital to shareholders, which in turn could negatively impact market and investor perceptions of m&t.
in addition, federal reserve capital planning and stress testing rules generally limit a bank holding company's ability to make quarterly capital distributions - that is, dividends and share repurchases - if the amount of actual cumulative quarterly capital issuances of instruments that qualify as regulatory capital are less than the bhc had indicated in its submitted capital plan as to which it received a non-objection from the federal reserve. under these rules, for example, if a bhc issued a smaller amount of additional common stock than it had stated in its capital plan, it would be required to reduce common dividends and/or the amount of common stock repurchases so that the dollar amount of capital distributions, net of the dollar amount of additional common stock issued ("net distributions"), is no greater than the dollar amount of net distributions relating to its common stock included in its capital plan, as measured on an aggregate basis beginning in the third quarter of the nine-quarter planning horizon through the end of the then current quarter. as such, m&t's ability to declare and pay dividends on its common stock, as well as the amount of such dividends, will depend, in part, on its ability to issue stock in accordance with its capital plan or to otherwise remain in compliance with its capital plan, which may be adversely affected by market and other factors outside of m&t's control.
the effect of resolution plan requirements may have a material adverse impact on m&t.
bank holding companies with consolidated assets of $50 billion or more, such as m&t, are required to report periodically to regulators a resolution plan for their rapid and orderly resolution in the event of material financial distress or failure. m&t's resolution plan must, among other things, ensure that its depository institution subsidiaries are adequately protected from risks arising from its other subsidiaries. the regulation adopted by the federal reserve and fdic sets specific standards for the resolution plans, including requiring a strategic analysis of the plan's components, a description of the range of specific actions the company proposes to take in resolution, and a description of the company's organizational structure, material entities, interconnections and interdependencies, and management information systems, among other elements. to address effectively any shortcomings in the company's resolution plan, the federal reserve and the fdic could require the company to change its business structure or dispose of businesses, which could have a material adverse effect on its liquidity and ability to pay dividends on its stock or interest and principal on its debt.
if an orderly liquidation of a systemically important bhc or non-bank financial company were triggered, m&t could face assessments for the orderly liquidation fund ("olf").
the dodd-frank act creates a new mechanism, the olf, for liquidation of systemically important bank holding companies and non-bank financial companies. the olf is administered by the fdic
and is based on the fdic's bank resolution model. the secretary of the u.s. treasury may trigger a liquidation under this authority only after consultation with the president of the u.s. and after receiving a recommendation from the boards of the fdic and the federal reserve upon a two-thirds vote. liquidation proceedings will be funded by the olf, which will borrow from the u.s. treasury and impose risk-based assessments on covered financial companies. risk-based assessments would be made, first, on entities that received more in the resolution than they would have received in the liquidation to the extent of such excess, and second, if necessary, on, among others, bank holding companies with total consolidated assets of $50 billion or more, such as m&t. any such assessments may adversely affect the company's business, financial condition or results of operations.
credit risk deteriorating credit quality could adversely impact the company.
as a lender, the company is exposed to the risk that customers will be unable to repay their loans in accordance with the terms of the agreements, and that any collateral securing the loans may be insufficient to assure full repayment. credit losses are inherent in the business of making loans.
factors that influence the company's credit loss experience include overall economic conditions affecting businesses and consumers, generally, but also residential and commercial real estate valuations, in particular, given the size of the company's real estate loan portfolios. factors that can influence the company's credit loss experience include: (i) the impact of residential real estate values on loans to residential real estate builders and developers and other loans secured by residential real estate; (ii) the concentrations of commercial real estate loans in the company's loan portfolio; (iii) the amount of commercial and industrial loans to businesses in areas of new york state outside of the new york city area and in central pennsylvania that have historically experienced less economic growth and vitality than many other regions of the country; (iv) the repayment performance associated with first and second lien loans secured by residential real estate; and (v) the size of the company's portfolio of loans to individual consumers, which historically have experienced higher net charge-offs as a percentage of loans outstanding than loans to other types of borrowers.
commercial real estate valuations can be highly subjective as they are based upon many assumptions. such valuations can be significantly affected over relatively short periods of time by changes in business climate, economic conditions, interest rates and, in many cases, the results of operations of businesses and other occupants of the real property. similarly, residential real estate valuations can be impacted by housing trends, the availability of financing at reasonable interest rates, governmental policy regarding housing and housing finance, and general economic conditions affecting consumers.
the company maintains an allowance for credit losses which represents, in management's judgment, the amount of losses inherent in the loan and lease portfolio. the allowance is determined by management's evaluation of the loan and lease portfolio based on such factors as the differing economic risks associated with each loan category, the current financial condition of specific borrowers, the economic environment in which borrowers operate, the level of delinquent loans, the value of any collateral and, where applicable, the existence of any guarantees or indemnifications. the effects of probable decreases in expected principal cash flows on loans acquired at a discount are also considered in the establishment of the allowance for credit losses.
management believes that the allowance for credit losses appropriately reflects credit losses inherent in the loan and lease portfolio. however, there is no assurance that the allowance will be sufficient to cover such credit losses, particularly if housing and employment conditions worsen or
the economy experiences a downturn. in those cases, the company may be required to increase the allowance through an increase in the provision for credit losses, which would reduce net income.
the company may be adversely affected by the soundness of other financial institutions.
financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty, or other relationships.  the company has exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and routinely executes transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including commercial banks, brokers and dealers, investment banks, and other institutional clients. many of these transactions expose the company to credit risk in the event of a default by a counterparty or client. in addition, the company's credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held by the company cannot be realized or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the credit or derivative exposure due to the company. any such losses could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition and results of operations.
liquidity risk the company must maintain adequate sources of funding and liquidity.
the company must maintain adequate funding sources in the normal course of business to support its operations and fund outstanding liabilities, as well as meet regulatory expectations. the company primarily relies on deposits to be a low cost and stable source of funding for the loans it makes and the operations of its business. core customer deposits, which include noninterest-bearing deposits, interest-bearing transaction accounts, savings deposits and time deposits of $250,000 or less, have historically provided the company with a sizeable source of relatively stable and low-cost funds. in addition to customer deposits, sources of liquidity include borrowings from third party banks, securities dealers, various federal home loan banks and the federal reserve bank of new york.
the company's liquidity and ability to fund and run the business could be materially adversely affected by a variety of conditions and factors, including financial and credit market disruptions and volatility or a lack of market or customer confidence in financial markets in general, which may result in a loss of customer deposits or outflows of cash or collateral and/or ability to access capital markets on favorable terms. other conditions and factors that could materially adversely affect the company's liquidity and funding include a lack of market or customer confidence in, or negative news about, the company or the financial services industry generally which also may result in a loss of deposits and/or negatively affect the ability to access the capital markets; the loss of customer deposits to alternative investments; inability to sell or securitize loans or other assets; and downgrades in one or more of the company's credit ratings. a downgrade in the company's credit ratings, which could result from general industry-wide or regulatory factors not solely related to the company, could adversely affect the company's ability to borrow funds and raise the cost of borrowings substantially and could cause creditors and business counterparties to raise collateral requirements or take other actions that could adversely affect m&t's ability to raise capital. many of the above conditions and factors may be caused by events over which m&t has little or no control. there can be no assurance that significant disruption and volatility in the financial markets will not occur in the future.
recent regulatory changes relating to liquidity and risk management have also impacted the company's results of operations and competitive position. these regulations address, among other matters, liquidity stress testing, minimum liquidity requirements and restrictions on short-term debt issued by top-tier holding companies.
if the company is unable to continue to fund assets through customer bank deposits or access funding sources on favorable terms or if the company suffers an increase in borrowing costs or otherwise fails to manage liquidity effectively, the company's liquidity, operating margins, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected.
m&t relies on dividends from its subsidiaries for its liquidity.
m&t is a separate and distinct legal entity from its subsidiaries. m&t typically receives substantially all of its revenue from subsidiary dividends. these dividends are the principal source of funds to pay dividends on m&t stock and interest and principal on its debt. various federal and/or state laws and regulations, as well as regulatory expectations, limit the amount of dividends that m&t's banking subsidiaries and certain nonbank subsidiaries may pay. regulatory scrutiny of capital levels at bank holding companies and insured depository institution subsidiaries has increased in recent years and has resulted in increased regulatory focus on all aspects of capital planning, including dividends and other distributions to shareholders of banks, such as parent bank holding companies. see "item 1. business - dividends" for a discussion of regulatory and other restrictions on dividend declarations. also, m&t's right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary's liquidation or reorganization is subject to the prior claims of that subsidiary's creditors. limitations on m&t's ability to receive dividends from its subsidiaries could have a material adverse effect on its liquidity and ability to pay dividends on its stock or interest and principal on its debt.
strategic risk the financial services industry is highly competitive and creates competitive pressures that could adversely affect the company's revenue and profitability.
the financial services industry in which the company operates is highly competitive. the company competes not only with commercial and other banks and thrifts, but also with insurance companies, mutual funds, hedge funds, securities brokerage firms and other companies offering financial services in the u.s., globally and over the internet. some of the company's non-bank competitors are not subject to the same extensive regulations the company and its subsidiaries are, and may have greater flexibility in competing for business. in particular, the activity and prominence of so-called marketplace lenders and other technological financial services companies have grown significantly in recent years and is expected to continue growing.  the company competes on the basis of several factors, including capital, access to capital, revenue generation, products, services, transaction execution, innovation, reputation and price. over time, certain sectors of the financial services industry have become more concentrated, as institutions involved in a broad range of financial services have been acquired by or merged into other firms. these developments could result in the company's competitors gaining greater capital and other resources, such as a broader range of products and services and geographic diversity. the company may experience pricing pressures as a result of these factors and as some of its competitors seek to increase market share by reducing prices or paying higher rates of interest on deposits. finally, technological change is influencing how individuals and firms conduct their financial affairs and changing the delivery channels for financial services, with the result that the company may have to contend with a broader range of competitors including many that are not located within the geographic footprint of its banking office network.
operational risk the company is subject to operational risk which could adversely affect the company's business and reputation and create material legal and financial exposure.
like all businesses, the company is subject to operational risk, which represents the risk of loss resulting from human error, inadequate or failed internal processes and systems, and external events. operational risk also encompasses reputational risk and compliance and legal risk, which is the risk of loss from violations of, or noncompliance with, laws, rules, regulations, prescribed practices or ethical standards, as well as the risk of noncompliance with contractual and other obligations. the company is also exposed to operational risk through outsourcing arrangements, and the effect that changes in circumstances or capabilities of its outsourcing vendors can have on the company's ability to continue to perform operational functions necessary to its business. in addition, along with other participants in the financial services industry, the company frequently attempts to introduce new technology-driven products and services that are aimed at allowing the company to better serve customers and to reduce costs. the company may not be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services that allows it to remain competitive or be successful in marketing these products and services to its customers. although the company seeks to mitigate operational risk through a system of internal controls that are reviewed and updated, no system of controls, however well designed and maintained, is infallible. control weaknesses or failures or other operational risks could result in charges, increased operational costs, harm to the company's reputation or foregone business opportunities.
changes in accounting standards could impact the company's financial condition and results of operations.
the accounting standard setters, including the financial accounting standards board ("fasb"), the sec and other regulatory bodies, periodically change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of the company's consolidated financial statements. these changes can be hard to predict and can materially impact how the company records and reports its financial condition and results of operations. in some cases, the company could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, which would result in the restating of the company's prior period financial statements.
m&t's accounting policies and processes are critical to the reporting of the company's financial condition and results of operations. they require management to make estimates about matters that are uncertain.
accounting policies and processes are fundamental to the company's reported financial condition and results of operations. some of these policies require use of estimates and assumptions that may affect the reported amounts of assets or liabilities and financial results. several of m&t's accounting policies are critical because they require management to make difficult, subjective and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain and because it is likely that materially different amounts would be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. pursuant to generally accepted accounting principles, management is required to make certain assumptions and estimates in preparing the company's financial statements. if assumptions or estimates underlying the company's financial statements are incorrect, the company may experience material losses.
management has identified certain accounting policies as being critical because they require management's judgment to ascertain the valuations of assets, liabilities, commitments and
contingencies. a variety of factors could affect the ultimate value that is obtained either when earning income, recognizing an expense, recovering an asset, valuing an asset or liability, or recognizing or reducing a liability. m&t has established detailed policies and control procedures that are intended to ensure these critical accounting estimates and judgments are well controlled and applied consistently. in addition, the policies and procedures are intended to ensure that the process for changing methodologies occurs in an appropriate manner. because of the uncertainty surrounding judgments and the estimates pertaining to these matters, m&t could be required to adjust accounting policies or restate prior period financial statements if those judgments and estimates prove to be incorrect. for additional information, see part ii, item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, "critical accounting estimates" and note 1, "significant accounting policies," of notes to financial statements in part ii, item 8.
difficulties in combining the operations of acquired entities with the company's own operations may prevent m&t from achieving the expected benefits from its acquisitions.
m&t has expanded its business through past acquisitions and may do so in the future. inherent uncertainties exist when integrating the operations of an acquired entity. m&t may not be able to fully achieve its strategic objectives and planned operating efficiencies in an acquisition. in addition, the markets and industries in which the company and its actual or potential acquisition targets operate are highly competitive. the company may lose customers or fail to retain the customers of acquired entities as a result of an acquisition. acquisition and integration activities require m&t to devote substantial time and resources, and as a result m&t may not be able to pursue other business opportunities while integrating acquired entities with the company.
after completing an acquisition, the company may not realize the expected benefits of the acquisition due to lower financial results pertaining to the acquired entity. for example, the company could experience higher credit losses, incur higher operating expenses or realize less revenue than originally anticipated related to an acquired entity.
m&t could suffer if it fails to attract and retain skilled personnel.
m&t's success depends, in large part, on its ability to attract and retain key individuals. competition for qualified candidates in the activities and markets that the company serves is significant and the company may not be able to hire candidates and retain them. growth in the company's business, including through acquisitions, may increase its need for additional qualified personnel. if the company is not able to hire or retain these key individuals, it may be unable to execute its business strategies and may suffer adverse consequences to its business, financial condition and results of operations.
the federal banking agencies have issued joint guidance on executive compensation designed to help ensure that a banking organization's incentive compensation policies do not encourage imprudent risk taking and are consistent with the safety and soundness of the organization. in addition, the dodd-frank act required those agencies, along with the sec, to adopt rules to require reporting of incentive compensation and to prohibit certain compensation arrangements. if as a result of complying with such rules the company is unable to attract and retain qualified employees, or do so at rates necessary to maintain its competitive position, or if the compensation costs required to attract and retain employees become more significant, the company's performance, including its competitive position, could be materially adversely affected.
severe weather, natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism and other external events could significantly impact the company's business.
severe weather, natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism and other adverse external events could have a significant impact on the company's ability to conduct business. such events could affect the stability of the company's deposit base, impair the ability of borrowers to repay outstanding loans, impair the value of collateral securing loans, cause significant property damage, result in loss of revenue and/or cause the company to incur additional expenses. although the company has established disaster recovery plans and procedures, and monitors for significant environmental effects on its properties or its investments, the occurrence of any such event could have a material adverse effect on the company.
the company's information systems may experience interruptions or breaches in security.
the company relies heavily on communications and information systems to conduct its business. any failure, interruption or breach in security of these systems could result in disruptions to its accounting, deposit, loan and other systems, and adversely affect the company's customer relationships. while the company has policies and procedures designed to prevent or limit the effect of these possible events, there can be no assurance that any such failure, interruption or security breach will not occur or, if any does occur, that it can be sufficiently or timely remediated.
information security risks for large financial institutions such as m&t have increased significantly in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, such as internet and mobile banking to conduct financial transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists, nation-states, activists and other external parties.  there have been increasing efforts on the part of third parties, including through cyber attacks, to breach data security at financial institutions or with respect to financial transactions. there have been several instances involving financial services and consumer-based companies reporting unauthorized access to and disclosure of client or customer information or the destruction or theft of corporate data, including by executive impersonation and third party vendors. there have also been several highly publicized cases where hackers have requested "ransom" payments in exchange for not disclosing customer information.
as cyber threats continue to evolve, the company may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance its layers of defense or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. the techniques used by cyber criminals change frequently, may not be recognized until launched and can be initiated from a variety of sources, including terrorist organizations and hostile foreign governments. these actors may attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers or other users of the company's systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to data or the company's systems. these risks may increase as the use of mobile payment and other internet-based applications expands.
the occurrence of any failure, interruption or security breach of the company's systems, particularly if widespread or resulting in financial losses to customers, could damage the company's reputation, result in a loss of customer business, subject it to additional regulatory scrutiny, or expose it to civil litigation and financial liability.
the company is or may become involved from time to time in suits, legal proceedings, information-gathering requests, investigations and proceedings by governmental and self-regulatory agencies that may lead to adverse consequences.
many aspects of the company's business involve substantial risk of legal liability. m&t and/or its subsidiaries have been named or threatened to be named as defendants in various lawsuits arising from its or its subsidiaries' business activities (and in some cases from the activities of companies
m&t has acquired). in addition, from time to time, m&t is, or may become, the subject of governmental and self-regulatory agency information-gathering requests, reviews, investigations and proceedings and other forms of regulatory inquiry, including by bank and other regulatory agencies, the sec and law enforcement authorities. the sec has announced a policy of seeking admissions of liability in certain settled cases, which could adversely impact the defense of private litigation. m&t is also at risk when it has agreed to indemnify others for losses related to legal proceedings, including for litigation and governmental investigations and inquiries, such as in connection with the purchase or sale of a business or assets. the results of such proceedings could lead to significant civil or criminal penalties, including monetary penalties, damages, adverse judgments, settlements, fines, injunctions, restrictions on the way in which the company conducts its business, or reputational harm.
although the company establishes accruals for legal proceedings when information related to the loss contingencies represented by those matters indicates both that a loss is probable and that the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated, the company does not have accruals for all legal proceedings where it faces a risk of loss. in addition, due to the inherent subjectivity of the assessments and unpredictability of the outcome of legal proceedings, amounts accrued may not represent the ultimate loss to the company from the legal proceedings in question. thus, the company's ultimate losses may be higher, and possibly significantly so, than the amounts accrued for legal loss contingencies, which could adversely affect the company's financial condition and results of operations.
m&t relies on other companies to provide key components of the company's business infrastructure.
third parties provide key components of the company's business infrastructure such as banking services, processing, and internet connections and network access. any disruption in such services provided by these third parties or any failure of these third parties to handle current or higher volumes of use could adversely affect the company's ability to deliver products and services to clients and otherwise to conduct business. technological or financial difficulties of a third party service provider could adversely affect the company's business to the extent those difficulties result in the interruption or discontinuation of services provided by that party. the company may not be insured against all types of losses as a result of third party failures and insurance coverage may be inadequate to cover all losses resulting from system failures or other disruptions. failures in the company's business infrastructure could interrupt the operations or increase the costs of doing business.
detailed discussions of the specific risks outlined above and other risks facing the company are included within this annual report on form 10-k in part i, item 1 "business," and part ii, item 7 "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations." furthermore, in part ii, item 7 under the heading "forward-looking statements" is included a description of certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions identified by management that are difficult to predict and that could materially affect the company's financial condition and results of operations, as well as the value of the company's financial instruments in general, and m&t common stock, in particular.
in addition, the market price of m&t common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to a number of other factors, including changes in securities analysts' estimates of financial performance, volatility of stock market prices and volumes, rumors or erroneous information, changes in market valuations of similar companies and changes in accounting policies or procedures as may be required by the fasb or other regulatory agencies.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
corporate profile and significant developments m&t bank corporation ("m&t") is a bank holding company headquartered in buffalo, new york with consolidated assets of $123.4 billion at december 31, 2016. the consolidated financial information presented herein reflects m&t and all of its subsidiaries, which are referred to collectively as "the company." m&t's wholly owned bank subsidiaries are m&t bank and wilmington trust, national association ("wilmington trust, n.a.").
m&t bank, with total assets of $122.6 billion at december 31, 2016, is a new york-chartered commercial bank with 799 domestic banking offices in new york state, maryland, new jersey, pennsylvania, delaware, connecticut, virginia, west virginia, and the district of columbia, a full-
service commercial banking office in ontario, canada, and an office in the cayman islands. m&t bank and its subsidiaries offer a broad range of financial services to a diverse base of consumers, businesses, professional clients, governmental entities and financial institutions located in their markets. lending is largely focused on consumers residing in the states noted above and on small and medium size businesses based in those areas, although loans are originated through offices in other states and in ontario, canada. certain lending activities are also conducted in other states through various subsidiaries. trust and other fiduciary services are offered by m&t bank and through its wholly owned subsidiary, wilmington trust company. other subsidiaries of m&t bank include: m&t real estate trust, a commercial mortgage lender; m&t realty capital corporation, a multifamily commercial mortgage lender; m&t securities, inc., which provides brokerage, investment advisory and insurance services; wilmington trust investment advisors, inc., which serves as an investment advisor to the wilmington funds, a family of proprietary mutual funds, and other funds and institutional clients; and m&t insurance agency, inc., an insurance agency.
wilmington trust, n.a. is a national bank with total assets of $3.7 billion at december 31, 2016. wilmington trust, n.a. and its subsidiaries offer various trust and wealth management services.  wilmington trust, n.a. also offered selected deposit and loan products on a nationwide basis, largely through telephone, internet and direct mail marketing techniques.
on november 1, 2015, m&t completed its acquisition of hudson city bancorp, inc. ("hudson city"). immediately following completion of the merger, hudson city savings bank merged with and into m&t bank. pursuant to the merger agreement, m&t paid cash consideration of $2.1 billion and issued 25,953,950 shares of m&t common stock in exchange for hudson city shares outstanding at the time of acquisition.  assets acquired totaled approximately $36.7 billion, including $19.0 billion of loans (predominantly residential real estate loans) and $7.9 billion of investment securities. liabilities assumed aggregated $31.5 billion, including $17.9 billion of deposits and $13.2 billion of borrowings. immediately following the acquisition, the company restructured its balance sheet by selling $5.8 billion of investment securities obtained in the acquisition and repaying $10.6 billion of borrowings assumed in the transaction. the common stock issued added $3.1 billion to m&t's common shareholders' equity. in connection with the acquisition, the company recorded $1.1 billion of goodwill and $132 million of core deposit intangible asset. the acquisition of hudson city expanded the company's presence in new jersey, connecticut and new york.
net acquisition and integration-related expenses (included herein as merger-related expenses) associated with the hudson city acquisition totaled $22 million after tax-effect, or $.14 of diluted earnings per common share during 2016 and $61 million after tax-effect, or $.44 of diluted earnings per common share in 2015. there were no merger-related expenses in 2014.
critical accounting estimates the company's significant accounting policies conform with generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") and are described in note 1 of notes to financial statements. in applying those accounting policies, management of the company is required to exercise judgment in determining many of the methodologies, assumptions and estimates to be utilized. certain of the critical accounting estimates are more dependent on such judgment and in some cases may contribute to volatility in the company's reported financial performance should the assumptions and estimates used change over time due to changes in circumstances. some of the more significant areas in which management of the company applies critical assumptions and estimates include the following:
•   accounting for credit losses - the allowance for credit losses represents the amount that in management's judgment appropriately reflects credit losses inherent in the loan and lease portfolio as of the balance sheet date. a provision for credit losses is recorded to adjust the level of the allowance as deemed necessary by management. in estimating losses inherent in the loan and lease portfolio, assumptions and judgment are applied to measure amounts and timing of expected future cash flows, collateral values and other
factors used to determine the borrowers' abilities to repay obligations. historical loss trends are also considered, as are economic conditions, industry trends, portfolio trends and borrower-specific financial data. in accounting for loans acquired at a discount that is, in part, attributable to credit quality which are initially recorded at fair value with no carry-over of an acquired entity's previously established allowance for credit losses, the cash flows expected at acquisition in excess of estimated fair value are recognized as interest income over the remaining lives of the loans. subsequent decreases in the expected principal cash flows require the company to evaluate the need for additions to the company's allowance for credit losses. subsequent improvements in expected cash flows result first in the recovery of any applicable allowance for credit losses and then in the recognition of additional interest income over the remaining lives of the loans. changes in the circumstances considered when determining management's estimates and assumptions could result in changes in those estimates and assumptions, which may result in adjustment of the allowance or, in the case of loans acquired at a discount, increases in interest income in future periods. a detailed discussion of facts and circumstances considered by management in determining the allowance for credit losses is included herein under the heading "provision for credit losses" and in note 5 of notes to financial statements.
•   valuation methodologies - management of the company applies various valuation methodologies to assets and liabilities which often involve a significant degree of judgment, particularly when liquid markets do not exist for the particular items being valued. quoted market prices are referred to when estimating fair values for certain assets, such as trading assets, most investment securities, and residential real estate loans held for sale and related commitments. however, for those items for which an observable liquid market does not exist, management utilizes significant estimates and assumptions to value such items. examples of these items include loans, deposits, borrowings, goodwill, core deposit and other intangible assets, other assets and liabilities obtained or assumed in business combinations, capitalized servicing assets, pension and other postretirement benefit obligations, estimated residual values of property associated with leases, and certain derivative and other financial instruments. these valuations require the use of various assumptions, including, among others, discount rates, rates of return on assets, repayment rates, cash flows, default rates, costs of servicing and liquidation values. the use of different assumptions could produce significantly different results, which could have material positive or negative effects on the company's results of operations, financial condition or disclosures of fair value information.
in addition to valuation, the company must assess whether there are any declines in value below the carrying value of assets that should be considered other than temporary or otherwise require an adjustment in carrying value and recognition of a loss in the consolidated statement of income. examples include investment securities, other investments, mortgage servicing rights, goodwill, core deposit and other intangible assets, among others. specific assumptions and estimates utilized by management are discussed in detail herein in management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and in notes 1, 3, 4, 7, 8, 12, 18, 19 and 20 of notes to financial statements.
•   commitments, contingencies and off-balance sheet arrangements - information regarding the company's commitments and contingencies, including guarantees and contingent liabilities arising from litigation, and their potential effects on the company's results of operations is included in note 21 of notes to financial statements. in addition, the company is routinely subject to examinations from various governmental taxing authorities. such examinations may result in challenges to the tax return treatment applied by the company to specific transactions. management believes that the assumptions and
judgment used to record tax-related assets or liabilities have been appropriate. should tax laws change or the tax authorities determine that management's assumptions were inappropriate, the result and adjustments required could have a material effect on the company's results of operations. information regarding the company's income taxes is presented in note 13 of notes to financial statements. the recognition or de-recognition in the company's consolidated financial statements of assets and liabilities held by so-called variable interest entities is subject to the interpretation and application of complex accounting pronouncements or interpretations that require management to estimate and assess the relative significance of the company's financial interests in those entities and the degree to which the company can influence the most important activities of the entities. information relating to the company's involvement in such entities and the accounting treatment afforded each such involvement is included in note 19 of notes to financial statements.
overview the company recorded net income during 2016 of $1.32 billion or $7.78 of diluted earnings per common share, up 22% and 8%, respectively, from $1.08 billion or $7.18 of diluted earnings per common share in 2015. basic earnings per common share also increased 8% to $7.80 in 2016 from $7.22 in 2015. net income in 2014 totaled $1.07 billion, while diluted and basic earnings per common share were $7.42 and $7.47, respectively. the after-tax impacts of merger-related expenses associated with the 2015 acquisition of hudson city were $22 million ($36 million pre-tax) or $.14 of diluted earnings per common share and $61 million ($97 million pre-tax) or $.44 of diluted earnings per common share in 2016 and 2015, respectively. there were no merger-related expenses in 2014. expressed as a rate of return on average assets, net income in each of 2016 and 2015 was 1.06%, compared with 1.16% in 2014. the return on average common shareholders' equity was 8.16% in 2016, 8.32% in 2015 and 9.08% in 2014.
the hudson city transaction was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting and, accordingly, the results of operations acquired in such transaction have been included in the company's financial results for the final two months of 2015 and all twelve months of 2016. the acquired operations added to the company's average earning assets, net interest income and non-interest expenses.
taxable-equivalent net interest income aggregated $3.50 billion in 2016, $2.87 billion in 2015 and $2.70 billion in 2014. average earning assets increased $21.4 billion, or 23%, in 2016 as compared with 2015 due predominantly to higher average balances of loans and leases of $17.8 billion, principally due to the full-year impact of the hudson city acquisition, and interest-bearing deposits at banks of $3.1 billion. loans associated with hudson city totaled $19.0 billion on the acquisition date, consisting of approximately $234 million of commercial real estate loans, $18.6 billion of residential real estate loans and $162 million of consumer loans. offsetting the impact of higher earning assets was a three basis point (hundredths of one percent) narrowing of the net interest margin, or taxable-equivalent net interest income expressed as a percentage of average earning assets, from 3.14% in 2015 to 3.11% in 2016. lower yields on investment securities and an increase in rates on interest-bearing deposits, reflecting the impact of time deposits in the former hudson city markets, led to that narrowing. average earning assets grew $9.5 billion, or 12%, in 2015 as compared with 2014 due to higher balances of loans and leases of $6.2 billion and investment securities of $2.9 billion. loans and investment securities obtained in the acquisition of hudson city added approximately $3.1 billion and $409 million, respectively, to average earning assets in 2015. offsetting the impact of higher earning assets was a 17 basis point narrowing of the net interest margin from 3.31% in 2014. lower yields on investment securities and loans and leases outstanding led to that narrowing.
the provision for credit losses increased 12% to $190 million in 2016 from $170 million in 2015. the provision in 2015 was 37% higher than $124 million in 2014. as of the acquisition date, the pre-merger hudson city allowance for credit losses was eliminated in acquisition accounting and as provided for by gaap, a $21 million provision for credit losses was recorded in 2015 for incurred credit losses in connection with the $18.3 billion of loans acquired at a premium that were not individually identifiable as impaired at the acquisition date. net charge-offs were $157 million in 2016, compared with $134 million in 2015 and $121 million in 2014. net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans and leases were .18% in 2016 and .19% in each of 2015 and 2014.
other income totaled $1.83 billion in each of 2016 and 2015, compared with $1.78 billion in 2014. higher gains recognized on sales of investment securities and higher trading account and foreign exchange gains in 2016 were offset by a gain in 2015 on the sale of the company's trade processing business. during 2016, the company sold all of its collateralized debt obligations with an amortized cost of $28 million held in the available-for-sale investment securities portfolio, resulting in a $30 million gain. those securities, which had been obtained in previous acquisitions, were sold in response to the provisions of the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act ("dodd-frank act") commonly referred to as the "volcker rule." there were no significant gains or losses on investment securities during 2015 or 2014. in 2015, the company sold its trade processing business within the retirement services division of its institutional client services business and recognized a $45 million gain. the hudson city transaction did not have a significant impact on other income. the increase in other income in 2015 as compared with 2014 was largely due to higher commercial mortgage banking revenues, loan syndication fees and the gain on the sale of the trade processing business, partially offset by lower trust income associated with the divested business, decreased residential mortgage banking revenues and a decline in service charges on deposit accounts.
other expense increased 8% to $3.05 billion in 2016 from $2.82 billion in 2015. other expense totaled $2.69 billion in 2014. included in those amounts are expenses considered by m&t to be "nonoperating" in nature, consisting of amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets of $43 million, $26 million, and $34 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, and merger-related expenses of $36 million and $76 million in 2016 and 2015, respectively. exclusive of those nonoperating expenses, noninterest operating expenses aggregated $2.97 billion in 2016, compared with $2.72 billion in 2015 and $2.66 billion in 2014. the increase in such expenses in 2016 as compared with 2015 reflects the full-year impact of the hudson city acquisition and higher costs for salaries and employee benefits and fdic assessments. in addition to the impact of hudson city, the increase in salaries and employee benefits expense was largely attributable to higher medical benefit plan expenses and annual merit increases for employees. the rise in noninterest operating expenses from 2014 to 2015 was largely due to higher costs for salaries and employee benefits and charitable contributions, partially offset by lower professional services costs. in addition to the impact of hudson city, the increase in salaries and employee benefits was largely attributable to annual merit increases for employees and higher pension expense. following the realized gains on sales of investment securities, the company made cash contributions to the m&t charitable foundation of $30 million in 2016, while in 2015 the company made cash contributions to that foundation of $46 million following the realization of the gain on the sale of its trade processing business.  the company also made cash contributions of $18 million to the m&t charitable foundation in 2014.
the efficiency ratio measures the relationship of operating expenses to revenues. the company's efficiency ratio, or noninterest operating expenses (as previously defined) divided by the sum of taxable-equivalent net interest income and noninterest income (exclusive of gains and losses from bank investment securities), was 56.1% in 2016, compared with 58.0% and 59.3% in 2015 and 2014, respectively. the calculations of the efficiency ratio are presented in table 2.
on june 29, 2016, m&t announced that the federal reserve did not object to m&t's revised 2016 capital plan. that capital plan includes the repurchase of up to $1.15 billion of common shares during the four-quarter period starting on july 1, 2016 and an increase in the quarterly common stock dividend in the first quarter of 2017 of up to $.05 per share to $.75 per share. m&t may also continue to pay dividends and interest on other equity and debt instruments included in regulatory capital, including preferred stock, trust preferred securities and subordinated debt that were outstanding at december 31, 2015, consistent with the contractual terms of those instruments. dividends are subject to declaration by m&t's board of directors. furthermore, on july 19, 2016, m&t's board of directors authorized a new stock repurchase program to repurchase up to $1.15 billion of shares of m&t's common stock subject to all applicable regulatory limitations, including those set forth in m&t's 2016 capital plan.
20.0                  12                  46.0                  37       less: provision for credit losses                190.0                170.0                124.0                185.0                204.0              (7     )
30.4                   -                     -                   -       gain (loss) on bank investment                    30.3                    -                    -                 46.7                (47.8   )           -
securities(c)
74.1                   5                 144.6                  10       salaries and employee benefits                 1,623.6              1,549.5              1,405.0              1,355.2              1,314.6               6
386.2                  23                  33.3                   2       income before income taxes                     2,085.4              1,699.2              1,665.9              1,790.5              1,618.4              10
(a)   changes were calculated from unrounded amounts.
(b)   interest income data are on a taxable-equivalent basis. the taxable-equivalent adjustment represents additional income taxes that would be due if all interest income were subject to income taxes. this adjustment, which is related to interest received on qualified municipal securities, industrial revenue financings and preferred equity securities, is based on a composite income tax rate of approximately 39%.
supplemental reporting of non-gaap results of operations as a result of business combinations and other acquisitions, the company had intangible assets consisting of goodwill and core deposit and other intangible assets totaling $4.7 billion at each of december 31, 2016 and 2015 and $3.6 billion at december 31, 2014. included in such intangible assets was goodwill of $4.6 billion at each of december 31, 2016 and 2015 and $3.5 billion at december 31, 2014. amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets, after tax effect, totaled $26 million, $16 million and $21 million during 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
m&t consistently provides supplemental reporting of its results on a "net operating" or "tangible" basis, from which m&t excludes the after-tax effect of amortization of core deposit and
other intangible assets (and the related goodwill, core deposit intangible and other intangible asset balances, net of applicable deferred tax amounts) and gains and expenses associated with merging acquired operations into the company, since such items are considered by management to be "nonoperating" in nature. those merger-related expenses generally consist of professional services and other temporary help fees associated with the actual or planned conversion of systems and/or integration of operations; costs related to branch and office consolidations; costs related to termination of existing contractual arrangements to purchase various services; initial marketing and promotion expenses designed to introduce m&t bank to its new customers; severance; incentive compensation costs; travel costs; and printing, supplies and other costs of completing the transactions and commencing operations in new markets and offices. those expenses totaled $36 million ($22 million after-tax) in 2016 and $76 million ($48 million after-tax) in 2015. also considered as a merger-related expense in 2015 was a provision for credit losses of $21 million. gaap provides that an allowance for credit losses associated with probable incurred losses on loans acquired at a premium be recognized. given the recognition of such losses above and beyond the impact of forecasted losses used in determining the fair value of acquired loans, the company considered that provision to be a merger-related expense. there were no merger-related expenses in 2014. although "net operating income" as defined by m&t is not a gaap measure, m&t's management believes that this information helps investors understand the effect of acquisition activity in reported results.
net operating income was $1.36 billion in 2016, compared with $1.16 billion in 2015 and $1.09 billion in 2014. diluted net operating earnings per common share were $8.08 in 2016, $7.74 in 2015 and $7.57 in 2014.
net operating income expressed as a rate of return on average tangible assets was 1.14% in 2016, compared with 1.18% in 2015 and 1.23% in 2014. net operating income represented a return on average tangible common equity of 12.25% in 2016, 13.00% in 2015 and 13.76% in 2014.
reconciliations of gaap amounts with corresponding non-gaap amounts are presented in table 2.
income statement data dollars in thousands, except per share net income net income                                                                   $1,315,114                  $1,079,667                  $1,066,246
amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets(a)                      25,893                      16,150                      20,657
amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets(a)                         .16                         .12                         .15
amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets                        (42,613   )                 (26,424   )                 (33,824   )
merger-related expenses salaries and employee benefits                                                   $5,334                     $51,287                          $-
outside data processing and software                                              1,067                         785                           -
advertising and marketing                                                        10,522                          79                           -
other costs of operations                                                        16,072                      23,318                           -
provision for credit losses                                                           -                      21,000                           -
efficiency ratio noninterest operating expense (numerator)                                    $2,969,117                  $2,720,532                  $2,655,650
less: gain (loss) on bank investment securities                                  30,314                        (130   )                       -
efficiency ratio                                                                  56.10   %                   57.98   %                   59.29   %
balance sheet data in millions average assets average assets                                                                 $124,340                    $101,780                     $92,143
core deposit and other intangible assets                                           (117   )                     (45   )                     (50   )
average tangible assets                                                        $119,676                     $98,057                     $88,583
average common equity average total equity                                                            $16,419                     $13,228                     $12,097
average common equity                                                            15,122                      11,996                      10,905
core deposit and other intangible assets                                           (117   )                     (45   )                     (50   )
average tangible common equity                                                  $10,458                      $8,273                      $7,345
at end of year total assets total assets                                                                   $123,449                    $122,788                     $96,686
core deposit and other intangible assets                                            (98   )                    (140   )                     (35   )
total tangible assets                                                          $118,797                    $118,109                     $93,137
total common equity total equity                                                                    $16,487                     $16,173                     $12,336
common equity, net of undeclared cumulative preferred dividends                  15,252                      14,939                      11,102
core deposit and other intangible assets                                            (98   )                    (140   )                     (35   )
total tangible common equity                                                    $10,600                     $10,260                      $7,553
net interest income/lending and funding activities taxable-equivalent net interest income aggregated $3.50 billion in 2016, up 22% from $2.87 billion in 2015.   that growth was predominantly attributable to higher average earning assets in 2016, partially offset by a three basis point narrowing of the net interest margin to 3.11% in 2016 from 3.14% in 2015. the higher level of average earning assets reflected the full-year impact of assets obtained in the acquisition of hudson city on november 1, 2015. average earning assets rose $21.4 billion or 23% to $112.6 billion in 2016 reflecting higher average loans and leases of $17.8 billion. the narrowing of the margin reflected higher rates paid on interest-bearing deposits, including the impact of time deposits in the former hudson city markets.
average loans and leases increased 25% to $88.6 billion in 2016 from $70.8 billion in 2015.  the most significant factors contributing to that increase were the residential real estate loans obtained in the hudson city acquisition and growth in the commercial real estate loan and commercial loan and lease portfolios.  reflecting average balances of loans obtained in the hudson city transaction of $16.3 billion in 2016 and $3.1 billion in 2015, average residential real estate loans increased $13.0 billion to $24.5 billion in 2016 from $11.5 billion in the previous year.  included in average residential real estate loans were loans held for sale of $354 million in 2016 and $415 million in 2015.  average commercial loans and leases increased $1.5 billion or 8% to $21.4 billion in 2016 from $19.9 billion in 2015.  commercial real estate loans averaged $30.9 billion in 2016, up 9% or $2.6 billion from $28.3 billion in 2015.  average consumer loans rose $638 million or 6% to $11.8 billion in 2016 from $11.2 billion in the prior year, predominantly due to growth in average automobile loan balances.
taxable-equivalent net interest income increased 6% to $2.87 billion in 2015 from $2.70 billion in 2014.  that improvement was the result of higher average earning assets in 2015, including $3.7 billion of average earning assets obtained in the acquisition of hudson city.  average earning assets rose 12% to $91.2 billion in 2015 from $81.7 billion in 2014.  that growth, however, was partially offset by a 17 basis point narrowing of the net interest margin to 3.14% in 2015 from 3.31% in 2014.  the narrowing reflected lower average yields on investment securities and loans and leases outstanding.
average loans and leases rose $6.2 billion or 10% to $70.8 billion in 2015 from $64.7 billion in 2014, due in part to $3.1 billion of average loans obtained in the acquisition of hudson city. including the impact of the acquired loan balances, average balances of residential real estate loans increased 31% or $2.7 billion to $11.5 billion in 2015 from $8.7 billion in 2014.  included in that portfolio were loans held for sale, which averaged $415 million in 2015 and $403 million 2014.  commercial loan and lease balances averaged $19.9 billion in 2015, $1.0 billion or 5% higher than $18.9 billion in 2014.  average balances of commercial real estate loans increased 7% or $1.8 billion to $28.3 billion in 2015 from $26.5 billion in 2014.  average consumer loans totaled $11.2 billion in 2015, up $584 million or 6% from $10.6 billion in 2014, reflecting growth in average balances of automobile loans.
assets earning assets loans and leases, net of unearned discount(a)
commercial, financial, etc.                               $21,397                    $736,240                3.44   %              19,899                    638,199                3.21   %             18,867                    624,487                3.31   %             17,736                    628,154                3.54   %             16,336                    606,495                3.71   %
real estate - consumer                                     24,463                     958,521                3.92                  11,458                    468,790                4.09                  8,719                    368,632                4.23                 10,136                    418,095                4.12                  9,727                    421,516                4.33
consumer                                                   11,841                     538,144                4.54                  11,203                    499,650                4.46                 10,618                    480,877                4.53                 11,098                    510,962                4.60                 11,732                    559,253                4.77
interest-bearing deposits at banks                          8,846                      45,516                 .51                   5,775                     15,252                 .26                  5,342                     13,361                 .25                  2,139                      5,201                 .24                    528                      1,221                 .23
securities trading account                                                85                       1,442                1.71                      86                      1,247                1.44                     76                      1,381                1.81                     78                      1,482                1.91                     96                      1,394                1.45
investment securities(b)
obligations of states and political                            90                       3,839                4.24                     143                      6,391                4.46                    166                      8,115                4.89                    194                      9,999                5.15                    220                     11,638                5.29
total investment securities                                15,009                     365,771                2.44                  14,456                    378,863                2.62                 11,509                    348,778                3.03                  6,615                    219,897                3.32                  6,969                    239,453                3.44
total earning assets                                      112,556                   3,922,833                3.49                  91,187                  3,195,307                3.50                 81,681                  2,980,519                3.65                 74,013                  2,982,305                4.03                 70,299                  2,968,076                4.22
allowance for credit losses                                  (976   )                                                                (935   )                                                              (923   )                                                              (932   )                                                              (922   )
other assets                                               11,487                                                                  10,286                                                                10,108                                                                 9,201                                                                 9,222
total assets                                             $124,340                                                                 101,780                                                                92,143                                                                83,662                                                                79,983
liabilities and shareholders' equity interest-bearing liabilities interest-bearing deposits savings and interest-checking deposits                    $52,194                      87,704                 .17                  43,885                     46,140                 .11                 41,508                     46,869                 .11                 37,662                     56,235                 .15                 34,254                     69,354                 .20
time deposits                                              12,253                     102,841                 .84                   4,641                     27,059                 .58                  3,290                     15,515                 .47                  4,045                     26,439                 .65                  5,347                     46,102                 .86
deposits at cayman islands office                             199                         797                 .40                     216                        615                 .28                    327                        699                 .21                    496                      1,018                 .21                    605                      1,130                 .19
total interest-bearing deposits                            64,646                     191,342                 .30                  48,742                     73,814                 .15                 45,125                     63,083                 .14                 42,203                     83,692                 .20                 40,206                    116,586                 .29
total interest-bearing liabilities                         75,792                     425,984                 .56                  59,507                    328,257                 .55                 52,832                    280,431                 .53                 47,534                    284,105                 .60                 46,572                    343,169                 .74
noninterest-bearing deposits                               30,160                                                                  27,324                                                                25,715                                                                23,721                                                                21,761
other liabilities                                           1,969                                                                   1,721                                                                 1,499                                                                 1,685                                                                 1,947
total liabilities                                         107,921                                                                  88,552                                                                80,046                                                                72,940                                                                70,280
shareholders' equity                                       16,419                                                                  13,228                                                                12,097                                                                10,722                                                                 9,703
total liabilities and shareholders' equity               $124,340                                                                 101,780                                                                92,143                                                                83,662                                                                79,983
contribution of interest-free funds                                                                           .18                                                                    .19                                                                   .19                                                                   .22                                                                   .25
net interest income/margin on earning assets                                       $3,496,849                3.11   %                                      2,867,050                3.14   %                                     2,700,088                3.31   %                                     2,698,200                3.65   %                                     2,624,907                3.73   %
(b)   includes available-for-sale investment securities at amortized cost.
table 4 summarizes average loans and leases outstanding in 2016 and percentage changes in the major components of the portfolio over the past two years.
commercial, financial, etc.               $21,397              8    %                       5    %
real estate - consumer                     24,463            114                           31
consumer automobile                                  2,740             24                           32
home equity lines and loans                 5,788             (2    )                      (2    )
total consumer                             11,841              6                            6
commercial loans and leases, excluding loans secured by real estate, totaled $22.6 billion at december 31, 2016, representing 25% of total loans and leases. table 5 presents information on commercial loans and leases as of december 31, 2016 relating to geographic area, size, borrower industry and whether the loans are secured by collateral or unsecured. of the $22.6 billion of commercial loans and leases outstanding at the end of 2016, approximately $20.0 billion, or 88%, were secured, while 40%, 25% and 23% were granted to businesses in new york state, pennsylvania and the mid-atlantic area (which includes delaware, maryland, new jersey, virginia, west virginia and the district of columbia), respectively. the company provides financing for leases to commercial customers, primarily for equipment. commercial leases included in total commercial loans and leases at december 31, 2016 aggregated $1.3 billion, of which 48% were secured by collateral located in new york state, 16% were secured by collateral in pennsylvania and another 15% were secured by collateral in the mid-atlantic area.
manufacturing                                    1,735                         1,092                             569                          525                        3,921                        17
financial and insurance                            675                           352                             318                          200                        1,545                         7
transportation, communications,                    338                           424                             304                          317                        1,383                         6
utilities retail                                             255                           318                             289                          113                          975                         5
agriculture, forestry, fishing, etc.                29                           141                              49                            -                          219                         1
international loans included in commercial loans and leases totaled $228 million and $191 million at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. included in such loans were $95 million and $64 million, respectively, of loans at m&t bank's commercial banking office in ontario, canada. the remaining international loans are predominantly to domestic companies with foreign operations.
loans secured by real estate, including outstanding balances of home equity loans and lines of credit which the company classifies as consumer loans, represented approximately 69% of the loan
and lease portfolio during 2016, compared with 64% in 2015 and 2014. at december 31, 2016, the company held approximately $33.5 billion of commercial real estate loans, $22.6 billion of consumer real estate loans secured by one-to-four family residential properties (including $414 million of loans originated for sale) and $5.6 billion of outstanding balances of home equity loans and lines of credit, compared with $29.2 billion, $26.3 billion and $6.0 billion, respectively, at december 31, 2015. the decrease in the residential real estate loans reflects pay downs of loans obtained in the hudson city acquisition. included in commercial real estate loans at december 31, 2016 and 2015 were construction loans of $8.0 billion and $5.7 billion, respectively, including amounts due from builders and developers of residential real estate aggregating $1.9 billion and $1.6 billion at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. commercial real estate loans also included loans held for sale totaling $643 million and $39 million at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
commercial real estate loans originated by the company include fixed-rate instruments with monthly payments and a balloon payment of the remaining unpaid principal at maturity, in many cases five years after origination. for borrowers in good standing, the terms of such loans may be extended by the customer for an additional five years at the then-current market rate of interest. the company also originates fixed-rate commercial real estate loans with maturities of greater than five years, generally having original maturity terms of approximately seven to ten years, and adjustable-rate commercial real estate loans. adjustable-rate commercial real estate loans represented approximately 72% of the commercial real estate loan portfolio at the 2016 year-end. table 6 presents commercial real estate loans by geographic area, type of collateral and size of the loans outstanding at december 31, 2016. new york city area commercial real estate loans totaled $9.4 billion at december 31, 2016. the $8.0 billion of investor-owned commercial real estate loans in the new york city area were largely secured by multifamily residential properties, retail space and office space. the company's experience has been that office, retail and service-related properties tend to demonstrate more volatile fluctuations in value through economic cycles and changing economic conditions than do multifamily residential properties. approximately 33% of the aggregate dollar amount of new york city area loans were for loans with outstanding balances of $10 million or less, while loans of more than $50 million made up approximately 17% of the total.
new york                                                   penn-                        mid-                                                                                       percent of city                          other                        sylvania                     atlantic(a)                     other                        total                         total
health facilities                                43                           110                           21                            71                             12                           257                         1
construction/development commercial construction                                    935                           647                          603                         1,524                            827                         4,536                        14   %
land/land development                           461                            32                           67                           185                             88                           833                         2
land/land development                             9                            14                           33                           262                            251                           569                         2
development total investor-owned                          8,021                         3,613                        2,841                         6,311                          4,049                        24,835                        74   %
manufacturing                                    71                           218                          156                           155                             29                           629                         2
commercial real estate loans secured by properties located in other parts of new york state, pennsylvania and the mid-atlantic area tend to have a greater diversity of collateral types and include a significant amount of lending to customers who use the mortgaged property in their trade or business (owner-occupied). approximately 67% of the aggregate dollar amount of commercial real estate loans in new york state secured by properties located outside of the new york city area were for loans with outstanding balances of $10 million or less. of the outstanding balances of commercial real estate loans in pennsylvania and the mid-atlantic area, approximately 61% and 48%, respectively, were for loans with outstanding balances of $10 million or less.
commercial real estate construction and development loans made to investors presented in table 6 totaled $7.3 billion at december 31, 2016, or 8% of total loans and leases. approximately 95% of those construction loans had adjustable interest rates. included in such loans at the 2016 year-end were $1.9 billion of loans to builders and developers of residential real estate properties. information about the credit performance of the company's loans to builders and developers of residential real estate properties is included herein under the heading "provision for credit losses." the remainder of the commercial real estate construction loan portfolio was comprised of loans made for various purposes, including the construction of office buildings, multifamily residential housing, retail space and other commercial development.
m&t realty capital corporation, a commercial real estate lending subsidiary of m&t bank, participates in the delegated underwriting and servicing ("dus") program of fannie mae, pursuant to which commercial real estate loans are originated in accordance with terms and conditions specified by fannie mae and sold. under this program, loans are sold with partial credit recourse to m&t realty capital corporation. the amount of recourse is generally limited to one-third of any credit loss incurred by the purchaser on an individual loan, although in some cases the recourse amount is less than one-third of the outstanding principal balance. the company's maximum credit risk for recourse associated with sold commercial real estate loans was approximately $2.8 billion and $2.5 billion at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. there have been no material losses incurred as a result of those recourse arrangements. commercial real estate loans held for sale at december 31, 2016 and 2015 aggregated $643 million and $39 million, respectively. at december 31, 2016 and 2015, commercial real estate loans serviced by the company for other investors were $11.8 billion and $11.0 billion, respectively. those serviced loans are not included in the company's consolidated balance sheet. in january 2017, m&t realty capital corporation purchased commercial mortgage banking servicing rights and other assets which increased commercial real estate loans serviced for others by $2.7 billion. the purchase price and assets acquired were not material to the company's consolidated financial position.
real estate loans secured by one-to-four family residential properties were $22.6 billion at december 31, 2016, including approximately 34% secured by properties located in new york state, 7% secured by properties located in pennsylvania, 29% secured by properties in new jersey and 11% secured by properties located in other mid-atlantic areas. at december 31, 2016, $414 million of residential real estate loans had been originated for sale, compared with $353 million at december 31, 2015. the company's portfolio of alternative ("alt-a") residential real estate loans (referred to as "limited documentation loans") held for investment decreased by $686 million to $3.6 billion at december 31, 2016 from $4.3 billion at december 31, 2015. a portfolio of limited documentation loans was acquired with the hudson city transaction which totaled $3.3 billion and $4.0 billion at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. alt-a loans represent loans that at origination typically included some form of limited borrower documentation requirements as compared with more traditional residential real estate loans. hudson city loans that were eligible for limited documentation processing were available in amounts up to 65% of the lower of the appraised
value or purchase price of the property. hudson city discontinued its limited documentation loan program in january 2014. loans in the company's alt-a portfolio prior to the hudson city transaction were originated by the company prior to 2008. loans to individuals to finance the construction of one-to-four family residential properties totaled $21 million at december 31, 2016 and $34 million at december 31, 2015, or less than .1% of total loans and leases at each of those dates. information about the credit performance of the company's residential real estate loans is included herein under the heading "provision for credit losses."
consumer loans comprised approximately 13% of total loans and leases at each of december 31, 2016 and 2015. outstanding balances of home equity loans and lines of credit represent the largest component of the consumer loan portfolio. such balances represented approximately 6% of total loans and leases at december 31, 2016 and 7% at december 31, 2015. no other consumer loan product represented at least 4% of loans outstanding at december 31, 2016. approximately 39% of home equity loans and lines of credit outstanding at december 31, 2016 were secured by properties in new york state, 26% in maryland, 21% in pennsylvania and 3% in new jersey. outstanding automobile loan balances rose to $2.9 billion at december 31, 2016 from $2.5 billion at december 31, 2015. that increase reflects continued consumer demand for motor vehicles.
table 7 presents the composition of the company's loan and lease portfolio at the end of 2016, including outstanding balances to businesses and consumers in new york state, pennsylvania, the mid-atlantic area and other states. approximately 39% of total loans and leases at december 31, 2016 were to new york state customers, while 16% and 30% were to pennsylvania and the mid-atlantic area customers, respectively.
commercial, financial, etc.            21,337         39   %                26   %                 13   %                  5   %                  6   %                 11   %
consumer home equity lines and loans             5,641         39   %                21   %                 26   %                  3   %                 10   %                  1   %
total consumer                         12,146         32   %                19   %                 17   %                  5   %                 10   %                 17   %
the investment securities portfolio averaged $15.0 billion in 2016, up from $14.5 billion and $11.5 billion in 2015 and 2014, respectively. the investment securities portfolio is largely comprised of residential mortgage-backed securities, debt securities issued by municipalities, trust preferred securities issued by certain financial institutions, and shorter-term u.s. treasury and federal agency notes. when purchasing investment securities, the company considers its liquidity position and its overall interest-rate risk profile as well as the adequacy of expected returns relative to risks assumed, including prepayments. the company manages its investment securities portfolio, in part, to satisfy the requirements of the liquidity coverage ratio ("lcr") that became effective in january 2016. in september 2014, various federal banking regulators adopted final rules ("final lcr rule") implementing a u.s. version of the basel committee's lcr including the modified version applicable to bank holding companies, including m&t, with $50 billion in total consolidated assets that are not "advanced approaches" institutions. the lcr is intended to ensure that banks hold a sufficient amount of "high quality liquid assets" to cover the anticipated net cash outflows during a hypothetical acute 30-day stress scenario. for additional information concerning the lcr rules, refer to part i, item 1 of this form 10-k under the heading "liquidity."
in managing its investment securities portfolio, the company occasionally sells investment securities as a result of changes in interest rates and spreads, actual or anticipated prepayments, credit risk associated with a particular security, or as a result of restructuring its investment securities portfolio in connection with a business combination.  the hudson city acquisition added approximately $7.9 billion to the investment securities portfolio on the november 1, 2015 acquisition date. as noted earlier, immediately following the acquisition, the company restructured its balance sheet by selling $5.8 billion of those securities.  during the third and fourth quarters of 2016, the company sold the collateralized debt obligations that had been held in the available-for-sale investment securities portfolio for a gain of approximately $30 million. purchases of fannie mae, freddie mac and ginnie mae mortgage-backed securities totaled $1.8 billion in 2016, $3.5 billion in 2015 and $5.2 billion in 2014. purchases of u.s. treasury notes totaled $1.7 billion in 2016, while purchases in 2015 or 2014 were not significant. the amounts of investment securities held by the company are influenced by such factors as demand for loans, which generally yield more than investment securities, ongoing repayments, the levels of deposits, and management of liquidity (including the lcr) and balance sheet size and resulting capital ratios.
the company regularly reviews its investment securities for declines in value below amortized cost that might be characterized as "other than temporary." there were no other-than-temporary impairment charges recognized in 2016, 2015 or 2014. based on management's assessment of future cash flows associated with individual investment securities as of december 31, 2016, the company concluded that declines in value below amortized cost associated with the investment securities portfolio were temporary in nature. a further discussion of fair values of investment securities is included herein under the heading "capital." additional information about the investment securities portfolio is included in notes 3 and 20 of notes to financial statements.
other earning assets include interest-bearing deposits at the federal reserve bank of new york and other banks, trading account assets and federal funds sold. those other earning assets in the aggregate averaged $8.9 billion in 2016, $5.9 billion in 2015 and $5.5 billion in 2014. interest-bearing deposits at banks averaged $8.8 billion in 2016, compared with $5.8 billion and $5.3 billion in 2015 and 2014, respectively. the higher levels of average interest-bearing deposits at banks in 2016 when compared with 2015 and 2014 resulted largely from the company's decision to maintain higher balances at the federal reserve bank of new york rather than reinvesting in other highly liquid assets due to the interest rate environment.
the most significant source of funding for the company is core deposits. the company considers noninterest-bearing deposits, interest-bearing transaction accounts, savings deposits and time deposits of $250,000 or less as core deposits. the company's branch network is its principal source of core deposits, which generally carry lower interest rates than wholesale funds of
comparable maturities. average core deposits totaled $92.2 billion in 2016, up from $74.2 billion in 2015 and $69.1 billion in 2014. the hudson city acquisition added approximately $17.0 billion of core deposits on november 1, 2015, including $9.7 billion of time deposits, $6.6 billion of savings deposits and $691 million of noninterest-bearing deposits. the higher average core deposits in 2016 as compared with 2015 and in 2015 as compared with 2014 were predominantly reflective of the impact of the merger with hudson city. funding provided by core deposits represented 82% of average earning assets in 2016, compared with 81% and 85% in 2015 and 2014, respectively. table 8 summarizes average core deposits in 2016 and percentage changes in the components of such deposits over the past two years. core deposits totaled $93.1 billion and $89.3 billion at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
average core deposits percent increase
savings and interest-checking deposits                    $51,093             19    %                       6    %
time deposits                                              10,969            167                           40
noninterest-bearing deposits                               30,160             10                            6
the company also receives funding from other deposit sources, including branch-related time deposits over $250,000, deposits associated with the company's cayman islands office, and brokered deposits. time deposits over $250,000, excluding brokered deposits, averaged $1.2 billion in 2016, $501 million in 2015 and $366 million in 2014. the higher level of such deposits in 2016 was due to the full-year impact of deposits obtained in the acquisition of hudson city. cayman islands office deposits averaged $199 million in 2016, $216 million in 2015 and $327 million in 2014. brokered time deposits averaged $59 million in 2016, compared with $37 million in 2015 and $4 million in 2014. the company also had brokered savings and interest-bearing transaction accounts that averaged $1.1 billion in each of 2016, 2015 and 2014. additional amounts of cayman islands office deposits or brokered deposits may be added in the future depending on market conditions, including demand by customers and other investors for those deposits, and the cost of funds available from alternative sources at the time.
the company also uses borrowings from banks, securities dealers, various federal home loan banks, the federal reserve bank of new york and others as sources of funding. short-term borrowings represent borrowing arrangements that at the time they were entered into had a contractual maturity of less than one year. average short-term borrowings were $894 million in 2016, $548 million in 2015 and $215 million in 2014. the higher levels of such borrowings in 2016 and 2015 were predominantly due to short-term borrowings from the federal home loan bank ("fhlb") of new york assumed in the hudson city acquisition. those short-term fixed-rate borrowings matured throughout 2016. there were no short-term borrowings from the federal home loan banks in 2014. also included in short-term borrowings were unsecured federal funds borrowings, which generally mature on the next business day, that averaged $151 million, $138 million and $156 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. overnight federal funds borrowings totaled $112 million at december 31, 2016 and $99 million at december 31, 2015.
long-term borrowings averaged $10.3 billion in 2016, $10.2 billion in 2015 and $7.5 billion in 2014. m&t bank has a bank note program whereby m&t bank may offer unsecured senior and subordinated notes. only unsecured senior notes have been issued under that program, of which $5.2 billion and $5.5 billion were outstanding at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. average balances of outstanding notes issued under that program were $5.3 billion in each of 2016 and 2015, compared with $2.9 billion in 2014. during 2014, m&t bank issued $550 million of three-year floating rate, $1.25 billion of three-year fixed rate and $1.4 billion of five-year fixed rate notes. during 2015, m&t bank issued $1.5 billion of fixed rate notes of which $750 million mature in 2020 and $750 million mature in 2025. during 2016, a $300 million floating rate note issued in 2013 matured. there were no issuances of borrowings under the bank note program in 2016. the proceeds from the issuances of borrowings under the bank note program have been predominantly utilized to purchase high quality liquid assets that meet the requirements of the lcr. also included in average long-term borrowings were amounts borrowed from the federal home loan banks of new york, atlanta and pittsburgh of $1.2 billion in each of 2016 and 2015 and $692 million in 2014, and subordinated capital notes of $1.5 billion in each of 2016 and 2015 and $1.6 billion in 2014. during 2014, m&t bank borrowed approximately $1.1 billion from the fhlb of new york. junior subordinated debentures associated with trust preferred securities that were included in average long-term borrowings were $515 million in 2016, $605 million in 2015 and $889 million in 2014. in accordance with its 2015 capital plan, on april 15, 2015 m&t redeemed the junior subordinated debentures associated with the $310 million of trust preferred securities of m&t capital trusts i, ii and iii. those borrowings had a weighted-average interest rate of 8.24%. additional information regarding junior subordinated debentures, as well as information regarding contractual maturities of long-term borrowings, is provided in note 9 of notes to financial statements. also included in long-term borrowings were agreements to repurchase securities, which averaged $1.8 billion in 2016, $1.5 billion in 2015 and $1.4 billion during 2014.  agreements to repurchase securities assumed in connection with the hudson city acquisition totaled $6.9 billion at november 1, 2015. immediately following the november 1, 2015 hudson city acquisition date the balance sheet was restructured and $6.4 billion of the assumed repurchase agreements were repaid. during 2016, $800 million of repurchase agreements matured. the agreements held at december 31, 2016 totaled $1.1 billion and have various repurchase dates through 2020, however, the contractual maturities of the underlying securities extend beyond such repurchase dates. the company has utilized interest rate swap agreements to modify the repricing characteristics of certain components of long-term debt. as of december 31, 2016, interest rate swap agreements were used to hedge approximately $900 million of outstanding fixed rate long-term borrowings. further information on interest rate swap agreements is provided in note 18 of notes to financial statements.
changes in the composition of the company's earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, as discussed herein, as well as changes in interest rates and spreads, can impact net interest income. net interest spread, or the difference between the taxable-equivalent yield on earning assets and the rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities, was 2.93% in 2016, compared with 2.95% in 2015 and 3.12% in 2014. the yield on the company's earning assets declined one basis point to 3.49% in 2016 from 3.50% in 2015, while the rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities increased one basis point to .56% in 2016 from .55% in 2015. as compared with 2015, the narrowing of the net interest spread reflects the ongoing impact of the low interest rate environment on the yields earned on investment securities, higher rates paid on interest-bearing deposits (largely associated with time deposits obtained in the hudson city acquisition) and higher amounts of relatively low yielding balances held at the federal reserve bank of new york. the yield on earning assets declined 15 basis points in 2015 from 3.65% in 2014, while the rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities increased two basis points in 2015 from .53% in 2014. the narrowing of the net interest spread in 2015 as compared with 2014 also reflected the impact of the low interest rate environment on the yields earned on investment
securities and loans, higher average balances of investment securities and long-term borrowings, and the higher level of deposits held at the federal reserve bank of new york.
net interest-free funds consist largely of noninterest-bearing demand deposits and shareholders' equity, partially offset by bank owned life insurance and non-earning assets, including goodwill and core deposit and other intangible assets. net interest-free funds averaged $36.8 billion in 2016, compared with $31.7 billion in 2015 and $28.8 billion in 2014. the increases in average net interest-free funds in 2016 and 2015 reflect higher balances of noninterest-bearing deposits and shareholders' equity. noninterest-bearing deposits averaged $30.2 billion in 2016, $27.3 billion in 2015 and $25.7 billion in 2014. in connection with the acquisition of hudson city, the company added noninterest-bearing deposits of $691 million at the acquisition date. in addition to the impact of the hudson city acquisition, growth in noninterest-bearing deposits in 2016 reflects an increase in commercial and trust customer deposits. the growth from 2014 to 2015 reflected an increase in commercial customer deposits. shareholders' equity averaged $16.4 billion, $13.2 billion and $12.1 billion in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. the rise in shareholders' equity from 2014 to 2016 reflected $3.1 billion of common equity issued in connection with the acquisition of hudson city, as well as net retained earnings. goodwill and core deposit and other intangible assets averaged $4.7 billion in 2016, $3.7 billion in 2015 and $3.6 billion in 2014. goodwill of $1.1 billion and core deposit intangible of $132 million resulted from the hudson city acquisition. the cash surrender value of bank owned life insurance averaged $1.7 billion in each of 2016, 2015 and 2014. increases in the cash surrender value of bank owned life insurance are not included in interest income, but rather are recorded in "other revenues from operations." the contribution of net interest-free funds to net interest margin was .18% in 2016 and .19% in each of 2015 and 2014.
reflecting the changes to the net interest spread and the contribution of net interest-free funds as described herein, the company's net interest margin was 3.11% in 2016, 3.14% in 2015 and 3.31% in 2014. future changes in market interest rates or spreads, as well as changes in the composition of the company's portfolios of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities that result in reductions in spreads, could adversely impact the company's net interest income and net interest margin.
management assesses the potential impact of future changes in interest rates and spreads by projecting net interest income under several interest rate scenarios. in managing interest rate risk, the company has utilized interest rate swap agreements to modify the repricing characteristics of certain portions of its interest-bearing liabilities. periodic settlement amounts arising from these agreements are reflected in the rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities. the notional amount of interest rate swap agreements entered into for interest rate risk management purposes was $900 million and $1.4 billion at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. under the terms of those interest rate swap agreements, the company received payments based on the outstanding notional amount at fixed rates and made payments at variable rates. those interest rate swap agreements were designated as fair value hedges of certain fixed rate long-term borrowings. the $500 million decline in the notional amount reflects the expiration of a hedge transaction upon conversion of $500 million of fixed rate long-term borrowings to a floating rate. there were no interest rate swap agreements designated as cash flow hedges at those respective dates.
in a fair value hedge, the fair value of the derivative (the interest rate swap agreement) and changes in the fair value of the hedged item are recorded in the company's consolidated balance sheet with the corresponding gain or loss recognized in current earnings. the difference between changes in the fair value of the interest rate swap agreements and the hedged items represents hedge ineffectiveness and is recorded in "other revenues from operations" in the company's consolidated statement of income. the amounts of hedge ineffectiveness recognized in 2016, 2015 and 2014 were not material to the company's consolidated results of operations. the estimated aggregate fair value of interest rate swap agreements designated as fair value hedges represented gains of approximately $12 million at december 31, 2016 and $44 million at december 31, 2015. the fair values of such interest rate swap agreements were substantially offset by changes in the fair values of the hedged items. the changes in the fair values of the interest rate swap agreements and the hedged items primarily result from the effects of changing interest rates and spreads. the company's credit exposure as of december 31, 2016 with respect to the estimated fair value of interest rate swap agreements used for managing interest rate risk has been substantially mitigated through master netting arrangements with trading account interest rate contracts with the same counterparty as well as counterparty postings of $5 million of collateral with the company. additional information about interest rate swap agreements and the items being hedged is included in note 18 of notes to financial statements. the average notional amounts of interest rate swap agreements entered into for interest rate risk management purposes, the related effect on net interest income and margin, and the weighted-average interest rates paid or received on those swap agreements are presented in table 9.
(a)   computed as a percentage of average earning assets or interest-bearing liabilities.
provision for credit losses the company maintains an allowance for credit losses that in management's judgment appropriately reflects losses inherent in the loan and lease portfolio. a provision for credit losses is recorded to adjust the level of the allowance as deemed necessary by management. the provision for credit losses was $190 million in 2016, compared with $170 million in 2015 and $124 million in 2014. net charge-offs of loans were $157 million in 2016, $134 million in 2015 and $121 million in 2014. net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans and leases outstanding were .18% in 2016, compared
with .19% in each of 2015 and 2014. a summary of the company's loan charge-offs, provision and allowance for credit losses is presented in table 10 and in note 5 of notes to financial statements.
loan charge-offs, provision and allowance for credit losses
allowance for credit losses beginning                $955,992                 $919,562                 $916,676                 $925,860                 $908,290
balance charge-offs during year commercial, financial, leasing, etc.                   59,244                   60,983                   58,943                  109,329                   41,148
consumer                                              141,073                  107,787                   84,390                   85,965                  103,348
recoveries during year commercial, financial, leasing, etc.                   30,167                   30,284                   22,188                   11,773                   11,375
consumer                                               28,907                   20,585                   16,075                   26,035                   20,410
provision for credit losses                           190,000                  170,000                  124,000                  185,000                  204,000
securitized allowance for credit losses ending                   $988,997                 $955,992                 $919,562                 $916,676                 $925,860
provision for credit losses                             82.63   %                78.57   %                97.67   %                99.02   %                91.39   %
unearned discount allowance for credit losses as a percent                 1.09   %                 1.09   %                 1.38   %                 1.43   %                 1.39   %
of loans and leases, net of unearned discount, at year-end loans acquired in connection with acquisition transactions subsequent to 2008 were recorded at fair value with no carry-over of any previously recorded allowance for credit losses. determining the fair value of the acquired loans required estimating cash flows expected to be collected on the loans and discounting those cash flows at then-current interest rates. for acquired loans where fair value was less than outstanding principal as of the acquisition date and the resulting discount was due, at least in part, to credit deterioration, the excess of expected cash flows over the carrying value of the loans is recognized as interest income over the lives of the loans. the difference between contractually required payments and the cash flows expected to be collected is referred to as the nonaccretable balance and is not recorded on the consolidated balance sheet. the nonaccretable balance reflects estimated future credit losses and other contractually required payments that the
company does not expect to collect. the company regularly evaluates the reasonableness of its cash flow projections associated with such loans, including its estimates of lifetime principal losses. any decreases to the expected cash flows require the company to evaluate the need for an additional allowance for credit losses and could lead to charge-offs of loan balances. any significant increases in expected cash flows result in additional interest income to be recognized over the then-remaining lives of the loans. the carrying amount of loans acquired at a discount subsequent to 2008 and accounted for based on expected cash flows was $1.8 billion and $2.5 billion at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. the decrease in such loans was largely attributable to payments received. the nonaccretable balance related to remaining principal losses associated with loans acquired at a discount as of december 31, 2016 and 2015 is presented in table 11. during each of the last three years, based largely on improving economic conditions and borrower repayment performance, the company's estimates of cash flows expected to be generated by loans acquired at a discount and accounted for based on expected cash flows improved, resulting in increases in the accretable yield. in 2016, estimated cash flows expected to be generated by acquired loans increased by $50 million, or approximately 2%. that improvement reflected a lowering of estimated principal losses by approximately $33 million, primarily due to a $19 million decrease in expected principal losses in the commercial real estate loan portfolios, as well as interest and other recoveries. in 2015, excluding expected cash flows on the purchased impaired loans acquired from hudson city, estimated cash flows expected to be generated increased by $77 million, or approximately 3%. that improvement reflected a lowering of estimated principal losses by approximately $58 million, primarily due to a $42 million decrease in expected principal losses in the commercial real estate loan portfolios, as well as interest and other recoveries.  similarly, in 2014 the estimates of cash flows expected to be generated increased by approximately 2%, or $98 million.  that improvement also reflected a lowering of estimated principal losses, largely driven by a $47 million decrease in expected principal losses that was predominantly in the acquired commercial real estate loan portfolios.
commercial, financial, leasing, etc.       $4,794                      $10,806
consumer                                            11,275                       17,952
for acquired loans where the fair value exceeded the outstanding principal balance, the resulting premium is recognized as a reduction of interest income over the lives of the loans. immediately following the acquisition date and thereafter, an allowance for credit losses is recorded for incurred losses inherent in the portfolio, consistent with the accounting for originated loans and leases. the carrying amount of hudson city loans acquired at a premium totaled $14.2 billion and $17.8 billion at december 31, 2016 and december 31, 2015, respectively. in addition to the impact of estimated credit losses included in the determination of fair value of those loans at the acquisition date, a $21 million provision for credit losses was recorded in the fourth quarter of 2015 for incurred
losses inherent in those loans at that time. gaap does not allow the credit loss component of the net premium associated with those loans to be bifurcated and accounted for as a nonaccreting balance as is the case with purchased impaired loans and other loans acquired at a discount. despite the fact that the determination of aggregate fair value reflects the impact of expected credit losses, gaap provides that incurred losses in a portfolio of loans acquired at a premium be recognized even though in a relatively homogenous portfolio of residential mortgage loans the specific loans to which the losses relate cannot be individually identified at the acquisition date.  subsequent to the acquisition date, incurred losses associated with those loans are evaluated using methods consistent with those applied to originated loans and such losses are considered by management in evaluating the company's allowance for credit losses.
nonaccrual loans aggregated $920 million at december 31, 2016, compared with $799 million at each of december 31, 2015 and 2014. as a percentage of total loans and leases outstanding, nonaccrual loans represented 1.01%, .91% and 1.20% at the end of 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. the increase in nonaccrual loans since the 2015 year-end reflected the normal migration of previously performing residential real estate loans obtained in the acquisition of hudson city that subsequently became over 90 days past due in 2016 and, as such, were not identifiable as purchased impaired as of the acquisition date.  those nonaccrual loans totaled $190 million at december 31, 2016. following the acquisition accounting provisions of gaap, hudson city-related loans classified as nonaccrual were not significant at december 31, 2015.
accruing loans past due 90 days or more (excluding loans acquired at a discount) totaled $301 million or .33% of total loans and leases at december 31, 2016, compared with $317 million or .36% at december 31, 2015 and $245 million or .37% at december 31, 2014. those amounts included loans guaranteed by government-related entities of $283 million, $276 million and $218 million at december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. such guaranteed loans obtained in the acquisition of hudson city aggregated $49 million and $44 million at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. guaranteed loans also included one-to-four family residential mortgage loans serviced by the company that were repurchased to reduce associated servicing costs, including a requirement to advance principal and interest payments that had not been received from individual mortgagors. despite the loans being purchased by the company, the insurance or guarantee by the applicable government-related entity remains in force. the outstanding principal balances of the repurchased loans that are guaranteed by government-related entities totaled $224 million at december 31, 2016, $221 million at december 31, 2015 and $196 million at december 31, 2014. the remaining accruing loans past due 90 days or more not guaranteed by government-related entities were loans considered to be with creditworthy borrowers that were in the process of collection or renewal. a summary of nonperforming assets and certain past due, renegotiated and impaired loan data and credit quality ratios is presented in table 12.
nonperforming asset and past due, renegotiated and impaired loan data december 31                            2016                      2015                     2014                     2013                      2012
real estate and other foreclosed assets                     139,206                   195,085                   63,635                   66,875                   104,279
total nonperforming assets                               $1,059,221                  $994,494                 $862,786                 $941,031                $1,117,455
outstanding customer balance                               $927,446                $1,204,004                 $369,080                 $579,975                  $828,571
net of unearned discount nonperforming assets to total net loans and                    1.16   %                  1.13   %                 1.29   %                 1.47   %                  1.68   %
leases and real estate and other foreclosed assets accruing loans past due 90 days or more(a) to                   .33   %                   .36   %                  .37   %                  .58   %                   .54   %
(b)   loans acquired at a discount that were recorded at fair value at acquisition date. this category does not include purchased impaired loans that are presented separately.
(c)   accruing loans acquired at a discount that were impaired at acquisition date and recorded at fair value.
purchased impaired loans are loans obtained in acquisition transactions subsequent to 2008 that as of the acquisition date were specifically identified as displaying signs of credit deterioration and for which the company did not expect to collect all contractually required principal and interest payments. those loans were impaired at the date of acquisition, were recorded at estimated fair value and were generally delinquent in payments, but, in accordance with gaap, the company continues to accrue interest income on such loans based on the estimated expected cash flows associated with the loans. the carrying amount of such loans aggregated $578 million at december 31, 2016, or .6% of total loans. of that amount, $512 million related to the hudson city acquisition. purchased impaired loans totaled $768 million at december 31, 2015, of which $658 million related to the acquisition of hudson city.
accruing loans acquired at a discount past due 90 days or more are loans that could not be specifically identified as impaired as of the acquisition date, but were recorded at estimated fair value as of such date. such loans aggregated $61 million at december 31, 2016 and $68 million at december 31, 2015.
the company modified the terms of select loans in an effort to assist borrowers. if the borrower was experiencing financial difficulty and a concession was granted, the company considered such modifications as troubled debt restructurings. loan modifications included such actions as the extension of loan maturity dates and the lowering of interest rates and monthly payments. the objective of the modifications was to increase loan repayments by customers and thereby reduce net charge-offs. in accordance with gaap, the modified loans are included in impaired loans for purposes of determining the level of the allowance for credit losses. information about modifications of loans that are considered troubled debt restructurings is included in note 4 of notes to financial statements.
residential real estate loans modified under specified loss mitigation programs prescribed by government guarantors have not been included in renegotiated loans because the loan guarantee remains in full force and, accordingly, the company has not granted a concession with respect to the ultimate collection of the original loan balance. such loans totaled $171 million and $147 million at december 31, 2016 and december 31, 2015, respectively.
charge-offs of commercial loans and leases, net of recoveries, aggregated $29 million in 2016, $31 million in 2015 and $37 million in 2014.  included in net charge-offs of commercial loans and leases in 2016 were $12 million of loans to a commercial maintenance services provider with operations in new jersey and pennsylvania, $12 million of loans to a multi-regional manufacturer of refractory brick and other castable products and recoveries of $7 million of a previously charged-off loan to an audio visual service provider.  in 2015, the company recovered $10 million relating to a relationship with a motor vehicle-related parts wholesaler. commercial loans and leases in nonaccrual status were $261 million at december 31, 2016, $242 million at december 31, 2015 and $177 million at december 31, 2014. the december 31, 2016 balances for the largest individual commercial loans placed in nonaccrual status during 2016 were $41 million with a provider of building facility services and other specialty services to clients located throughout the united states and $26 million with the manufacturer of refractory brick and other castable products noted above. the balances for the largest individual commercial loans placed in nonaccrual status during 2015 were $22 million with the commercial maintenance service provider noted above and $15 million with a multi-regional automobile rental agency.
net recoveries of previously charged-off commercial real estate loans during 2016 were $2 million, compared with net charge-offs of commercial real estate loans during 2015 and 2014 of $7 million and $3 million, respectively. reflected in those amounts were net recoveries of $4 million in 2016 and $2 million in each of 2015 and 2014 of loans to residential real estate builders and developers. commercial real estate loans classified as nonaccrual aggregated $211 million at december 31, 2016, compared with $224 million at december 31, 2015 and $239 million at december 31, 2014. the decrease in such nonaccrual loans since december 31, 2014 was due, in part, to improving economic conditions. nonaccrual commercial real estate loans included construction-related loans of $35 million, $45 million and $97 million at the end of 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. those nonaccrual construction loans included loans to residential builders and developers of $17 million at december 31, 2016, $28 million at december 31, 2015 and $72 million at december 31, 2014. information about the location of nonaccrual and charged-off loans to residential real estate builders and developers as of and for the year ended december 31, 2016 is presented in table 13.
residential real estate loan net charge-offs totaled $18 million in 2016, $9 million in 2015 and $13 million in 2014. residential real estate loans in nonaccrual status at december 31, 2016 were $336 million, compared with $215 million and $258 million at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. the increase in residential real estate loans classified as nonaccrual in 2016 as compared with 2015 reflects the normal migration of previously performing loans obtained in the acquisition of hudson city that subsequently became more than 90 days delinquent in 2016.  such nonaccrual residential real estate loans aggregated $190 million at december 31, 2016. those loans could not be identified as purchased impaired loans at the acquisition date because the borrowers were making loan payments at the time and the loans were not recorded at a discount. following the acquisition accounting provisions of gaap, hudson city-related nonaccrual residential real estate loans were not significant at december 31, 2015. the decline in residential real estate loans classified as nonaccrual in 2015 as compared to 2014 reflected improved repayment performance by customers. net charge-offs of limited documentation first mortgage loans aggregated $4 million in 2016, $1 million in 2015 and $4 million in 2014. nonaccrual limited documentation first mortgage loans were $107 million at december 31, 2016 (including $70 million obtained in the acquisition of hudson city), compared with $62 million and $78 million at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. residential real estate loans past due 90 days or more and accruing interest (excluding loans acquired at a discount) totaled $281 million (including $49 million obtained in the acquisition of hudson city) at december 31, 2016, $284 million (including $44 million obtained in the acquisition of hudson city) at december 31, 2015 and $216 million at december 31, 2014. a substantial portion of such amounts related to guaranteed loans repurchased from government-related entities. information about the location of nonaccrual and charged-off residential real estate loans as of and for the year ended december 31, 2016 is presented in table 14.
selected residential real estate-related loan data year ended
limited documentation first mortgages:
first lien home equity loans and lines of credit:
junior lien home equity loans and lines of credit:
limited documentation junior lien:
net charge-offs of consumer loans during 2016 aggregated $112 million, compared with $87 million in 2015 and $68 million in 2014. during 2016, the company accelerated the charge off of consumer loans associated with customers who were either deceased or had filed for bankruptcy that, in accordance with gaap, had previously been considered when determining the level of the allowance for credit losses and were charged-off following the company's normal charge-off procedures to the extent the loans subsequently became delinquent. charge-offs of such loans totaled $32 million in 2016 and included $22 million of loan balances with a current payment status at the time of charge-off. the increase from 2014 to 2015 reflected a $20 million charge-off of a single personal usage loan obtained in a previous acquisition. included in net charge-offs of consumer loans were: automobile loans of $32 million in 2016, $12 million in 2015 and $14 million in 2014; recreational vehicle loans of $24 million, $12 million and $13 million during 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively; and home equity loans and lines of credit secured by one-to-four family residential properties of $17 million in 2016, $15 million in 2015 and $19 million in 2014. nonaccrual consumer loans were $112 million at december 31, 2016, compared with $118 million and $125 million at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. included in nonaccrual consumer loans at the 2016, 2015 and 2014 year-ends were: automobile loans of $19 million, $17 million and $18 million, respectively; recreational vehicle loans of $7 million, $9 million and $11 million, respectively; and outstanding balances of home equity loans and lines of credit of $82 million, $84 million and $89 million, respectively. information about the location of nonaccrual and charged-off home equity loans and lines of credit as of and for the year ended december 31, 2016 is presented in table 14.
information about past due and nonaccrual loans as of december 31, 2016 and 2015 is also included in note 4 of notes to financial statements.
real estate and other foreclosed assets totaled $139 million at december 31, 2016, compared with $195 million at december 31, 2015 and $64 million at december 31, 2014. the higher levels of real estate and other foreclosed assets in 2016 and 2015 as compared with 2014 reflect residential real estate properties associated with the hudson city acquisition, which aggregated $84 million and $126 million at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. gains or losses resulting from sales of real estate and other foreclosed assets were not material in 2016, 2015 or 2014. at december 31, 2016, the company's holding of residential real estate-related properties comprised approximately 93% of foreclosed assets.
management determined the allowance for credit losses by performing ongoing evaluations of the loan and lease portfolio, including such factors as the differing economic risks associated with each loan category, the financial condition of specific borrowers, the economic environment in which borrowers operate, the level of delinquent loans, the value of any collateral and, where applicable, the existence of any guarantees or indemnifications. management evaluated the impact of changes in interest rates and overall economic conditions on the ability of borrowers to meet repayment obligations when quantifying the company's exposure to credit losses and the allowance for such losses as of each reporting date. factors also considered by management when performing its assessment, in addition to general economic conditions and the other factors described above, included, but were not limited to: (i) the impact of residential real estate values on the company's portfolio of loans to residential real estate builders and developers and other loans secured by residential real estate; (ii) the concentrations of commercial real estate loans in the company's loan portfolio; (iii) the amount of commercial and industrial loans to businesses in areas of new york state outside of the new york city metropolitan area and in central pennsylvania that have historically experienced less economic growth and vitality than the vast majority of other regions of the country; (iv) the expected repayment performance associated with the company's first and second lien loans secured by residential real estate, including loans obtained in the acquisition of hudson city that were not classified as purchased impaired; and (v) the size of the company's portfolio of loans to individual consumers, which historically have experienced higher net charge-offs as a percentage of loans outstanding than other loan types. the level of the allowance is adjusted based on the results of management's analysis.
management cautiously and conservatively evaluated the allowance for credit losses as of december 31, 2016 in light of: (i) residential real estate values and the level of delinquencies of loans secured by residential real estate; (ii) economic conditions in the markets served by the company; (iii) slower growth in private sector employment in upstate new york and central pennsylvania than in other regions served by the company and nationally; (iv) the significant subjectivity involved in commercial real estate valuations; and (v) the amount of loan growth experienced by the company. while there has been general improvement in economic conditions, concerns continue to exist about the strength and sustainability of such improvements; the volatile nature of global commodity and export markets, including the impact international economic conditions could have on the u.s. economy; federal reserve positioning of monetary policy; and continued stagnant population growth in the upstate new york and central pennsylvania regions (approximately 55% of the company's loans and leases are to customers in new york state and pennsylvania).
the company utilizes a loan grading system which is applied to all commercial loans and commercial real estate loans. loan grades are utilized to differentiate risk within the portfolio and consider the expectations of default for each loan. commercial loans and commercial real estate loans with a lower expectation of default are assigned one of ten possible "pass" loan grades and are generally ascribed lower loss factors when determining the allowance for credit losses. loans with an elevated level of credit risk are classified as "criticized" and are ascribed a higher loss factor when determining the allowance for credit losses. criticized loans may be classified as "nonaccrual" if the company no longer expects to collect all amounts according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement or the loan is delinquent 90 days or more. criticized commercial loans and commercial real estate loans totaled $2.4 billion at december 31, 2016 and $2.1 billion at december 31, 2015. largely reflecting loans to manufacturers and vehicle dealers, increases in criticized loan balances since december 31, 2015 included approximately $66 million of commercial real estate loans and $231 million of commercial loans. approximately 98% of loan balances added to the criticized category during 2016 were less than 90 days past due and 97% had a current payment status. given payment performance, amount of supporting collateral, and, in certain instances, the existence of loan guarantees, the company still expects to collect the full outstanding principal balance on most of these loans.
loan officers in different geographic locations with the support of the company's credit department personnel are responsible to continuously review and reassign loan grades to pass and criticized loans based on their detailed knowledge of individual borrowers and their judgment of the impact on such borrowers resulting from changing conditions in their respective regions. at least annually, updated financial information is obtained from commercial borrowers associated with pass grade loans and additional analysis is performed. on a quarterly basis, the company's centralized credit department reviews all criticized commercial loans and commercial real estate loans greater than $1 million to determine the appropriateness of the assigned loan grade, including whether the loan should be reported as accruing or nonaccruing. for criticized nonaccrual loans, additional meetings are held with loan officers and their managers, workout specialists and senior management to discuss each of the relationships. in analyzing criticized loans, borrower-specific information is reviewed, including operating results, future cash flows, recent developments and the borrower's outlook, and other pertinent data. the timing and extent of potential losses, considering collateral valuation and other factors, and the company's potential courses of action are reviewed. to the extent that these loans are collateral-dependent, they are evaluated based on the fair value of the loan's collateral as estimated at or near the financial statement date. as the quality of a loan deteriorates to the point of classifying the loan as "criticized," the process of obtaining updated collateral valuation information is usually initiated, unless it is not considered warranted given factors such as the relative size of the loan, the characteristics of the collateral or the age of the last valuation. in those cases where current appraisals may not yet be available, prior appraisals are
utilized with adjustments, as deemed necessary, for estimates of subsequent declines in value as determined by line of business and/or loan workout personnel in the respective geographic regions. those adjustments are reviewed and assessed for reasonableness by the company's credit department. accordingly, for real estate collateral securing larger commercial loans and commercial real estate loans, estimated collateral values are based on current appraisals and estimates of value. for non-real estate loans, collateral is assigned a discounted estimated liquidation value and, depending on the nature of the collateral, is verified through field exams or other procedures. in assessing collateral, real estate and non-real estate values are reduced by an estimate of selling costs. with regard to residential real estate loans, the company's loss identification and estimation techniques make reference to loan performance and house price data in specific areas of the country where collateral securing the company's residential real estate loans is located. for residential real estate-related loans, including home equity loans and lines of credit, the excess of the loan balance over the net realizable value of the property collateralizing the loan is charged-off when the loan becomes 150 days delinquent. that charge-off is based on recent indications of value from external parties that are generally obtained shortly after a loan becomes nonaccrual. loans to consumers that file for bankruptcy are generally charged off to estimated net collateral value shortly after the company is notified of such filings.  at december 31, 2016, approximately 55% of the company's home equity portfolio consisted of first lien loans and lines of credit. of the remaining junior lien loans in the portfolio, approximately 70% (or approximately 32% of the aggregate home equity portfolio) consisted of junior lien loans that were behind a first lien mortgage loan that was not owned or serviced by the company. to the extent known by the company, if a senior lien loan would be on nonaccrual status because of payment delinquency, even if such senior lien loan was not owned by the company, the junior lien loan or line that is owned by the company is placed on nonaccrual status. at december 31, 2016, the balance of junior lien loans and lines that were in nonaccrual status solely as a result of first lien loan performance was $12 million, compared with $22 million at december 31, 2015. in monitoring the credit quality of its home equity portfolio for purposes of determining the allowance for credit losses, the company reviews delinquency and nonaccrual information and considers recent charge-off experience. when evaluating individual home equity loans and lines of credit for charge off, if the company does not know the amount of the remaining first lien mortgage loan (typically because the company does not own or service the first lien loan), the company assumes that the first lien mortgage loan has had no principal amortization since the origination of the junior lien loan. similarly, data used in estimating incurred losses for purposes of determining the allowance for credit losses also assumes no reductions in outstanding principal of first lien loans since the origination of the junior lien loan. home equity line of credit terms vary but such lines are generally originated with an open draw period of ten years followed by an amortization period of up to twenty years. at december 31, 2016, approximately 84% of all outstanding balances of home equity lines of credit related to lines that were still in the draw period, the weighted-average remaining draw periods were approximately five years, and approximately 19% were making contractually allowed payments that do not include any repayment of principal.
factors that influence the company's credit loss experience include overall economic conditions affecting businesses and consumers, generally, but also residential and commercial real estate valuations, in particular, given the size of the company's real estate loan portfolios. commercial real estate valuations can be highly subjective, as they are based upon many assumptions. such valuations can be significantly affected over relatively short periods of time by changes in business climate, economic conditions, interest rates, and, in many cases, the results of operations of businesses and other occupants of the real property. similarly, residential real estate valuations can be impacted by housing trends, the availability of financing at reasonable interest rates, and general economic conditions affecting consumers.
in determining the allowance for credit losses, the company estimates losses attributable to specific troubled credits identified through both normal and detailed or intensified credit review processes and also estimates losses inherent in other loans and leases. in quantifying incurred losses, the company considers the factors and uses the techniques described herein and in note 5 of notes to financial statements. for purposes of determining the level of the allowance for credit losses, the company segments its loan and lease portfolio by loan type. the amount of specific loss components in the company's loan and lease portfolios is determined through a loan-by-loan analysis of commercial loans and commercial real estate loans in nonaccrual status. measurement of the specific loss components is typically based on expected future cash flows, collateral values or other factors that may impact the borrower's ability to pay. losses associated with residential real estate loans and consumer loans are generally determined by reference to recent charge-off history and are evaluated (and adjusted if deemed appropriate) through consideration of other factors including near-term forecasted loss estimates developed by the company's credit department. these forecasts give consideration to overall borrower repayment performance and current geographic region changes in collateral values using third party published historical price indices or automated valuation methodologies. with regard to collateral values, the realizability of such values by the company contemplates repayment of any first lien position prior to recovering amounts on a junior lien position. approximately 45% of the company's home equity portfolio consists of junior lien loans and lines of credit. except for consumer loans and residential real estate loans that are considered smaller balance homogeneous loans and are evaluated collectively and loans obtained at a discount in acquisition transactions, the company considers a loan to be impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the company will be unable to collect all amounts according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement or the loan is delinquent 90 days or more and has been placed in nonaccrual status. those impaired loans are evaluated for specific loss components. modified loans, including smaller balance homogenous loans, that are considered to be troubled debt restructurings are evaluated for impairment giving consideration to the impact of the modified loan terms on the present value of the loan's expected cash flows. loans less than 90 days delinquent are deemed to have a minimal delay in payment and are generally not considered to be impaired. loans acquired in connection with acquisition transactions subsequent to 2008 were recorded at fair value with no carry-over of any previously recorded allowance for credit losses. determining the fair value of the acquired loans required estimating cash flows expected to be collected on the loans and discounting those cash flows at then-current interest rates. for loans acquired at a discount, the impact of estimated future credit losses represents the predominant difference between contractually required payments and the cash flows expected to be collected. subsequent decreases to those expected cash flows require the company to evaluate the need for an additional allowance for credit losses and could lead to charge-offs of acquired loan balances.
the inherent base level loss components of the company's allowance for credit losses are generally determined by applying loss factors to specific loan balances based on loan type and management's classification of such loans under the company's loan grading system. the company utilizes a loan grading system which is applied to all commercial loans and commercial real estate loans. as previously described, loan officers are responsible for continually assigning grades to these loans based on standards outlined in the company's credit policy. internal loan grades are also extensively monitored by the company's credit department to ensure consistency and strict adherence to the prescribed standards. loan balances utilized in the inherent base level loss component computations exclude loans and leases for which specific allocations are maintained. loan grades are assigned loss component factors that reflect the company's loss estimate for each group of loans and leases. factors considered in assigning loan grades and loss component factors include borrower-specific information related to expected future cash flows and operating results, collateral values, financial condition, payment status, and other information; levels of and trends in
portfolio charge-offs and recoveries; levels of and trends in portfolio delinquencies and impaired loans; changes in the risk profile of specific portfolios; trends in volume and terms of loans; effects of changes in credit concentrations; and observed trends and practices in the banking industry. in determining the allowance for credit losses, management also gives consideration to such factors as customer, industry and geographic concentrations, as well as national and local economic conditions, including: (i) the comparatively poorer economic conditions and unfavorable business climate in many market regions served by the company, including upstate new york and central pennsylvania, that result in such regions generally experiencing significantly poorer economic growth and vitality as compared with much of the rest of the country; (ii) portfolio concentrations regarding loan type, collateral type and geographic location, in particular the large concentrations of commercial real estate loans secured by properties in the new york city area and other areas of new york state; and (iii) risk associated with the company's portfolio of consumer loans, in particular automobile loans, which generally have higher rates of loss than other types of collateralized loans.
the inherent base level loss components related to residential real estate loans and consumer loans are generally determined by applying loss factors to portfolio balances after consideration of payment performance and recent loss experience and trends, which are mainly driven by current collateral values in the market place as well as the amount of loan defaults. loss rates for loans secured by residential real estate, including home equity loans and lines of credit, are determined by reference to recent charge-off history and are evaluated (and adjusted if deemed appropriate) through consideration of other factors as previously described.
in evaluating collateral, the company relies on internally and externally prepared valuations. residential real estate valuations are usually based on sales of comparable properties in the respective location. commercial real estate valuations also refer to sales of comparable properties but oftentimes are based on calculations that utilize many assumptions and, as a result, can be highly subjective. specifically, commercial real estate values can be significantly affected over relatively short periods of time by changes in business climate, economic conditions and interest rates, and, in many cases, the results of operations of businesses and other occupants of the real property. additionally, management is aware that there is oftentimes a delay in the recognition of credit quality changes in loans and, as a result, in changes to assigned loan grades due to time delays in the manifestation and reporting of underlying events that impact credit quality. accordingly, loss estimates derived from the inherent base level loss component computation are adjusted for current national and local economic conditions and trends. the federal reserve stated in december 2016 that the u.s. economic recovery had continued and activity is expected to expand at a moderate pace, with further improvement in labor market conditions. economic indicators in the most significant market regions served by the company also showed improvement in 2016. for example, in 2016, average private sector employment in areas served by the company was 1.7% above year-ago levels, but trailed the 2.0% u.s. average growth rate. private sector employment increased 0.4% in upstate new york, 1.0% in areas of pennsylvania served by the company, 1.7% in new jersey, 2.1% in maryland, 2.6% in greater washington d.c. and 3.0% in the state of delaware. in new york city, private sector employment increased by 2.4% in 2016. nevertheless, the u.s. economy remains susceptible to slow global economic growth, a strong u.s. dollar and its impact on trade, and international market turbulence.
the specific loss components and the inherent base level loss components together comprise the total base level or "allocated" allowance for credit losses. such allocated portion of the allowance represents management's assessment of losses existing in specific larger balance loans that are reviewed in detail by management and pools of other loans that are not individually analyzed. in addition, the company has always provided an inherent unallocated portion of the allowance that is intended to recognize probable losses that are not otherwise identifiable. the inherent unallocated allowance includes management's subjective determination of amounts necessary for such things as
the possible use of imprecise estimates in determining the allocated portion of the allowance and other risks associated with the company's loan portfolio which may not be specifically allocable.
a comparative allocation of the allowance for credit losses for each of the past five year-ends is presented in table 15. amounts were allocated to specific loan categories based on information available to management at the time of each year-end assessment and using the methodology described herein. variations in the allocation of the allowance by loan category as a percentage of those loans reflect changes in management's estimate of specific loss components and inherent base level loss components, including the impact of delinquencies and nonaccrual loans. as described in note 5 of notes to financial statements, loans considered impaired aggregated $761 million and $781 million at december 31, 2016 and december 31, 2015, respectively. the allocated portion of the allowance for credit losses related to impaired loans totaled $83 million at december 31, 2016 and $90 million at december 31, 2015. the unallocated portion of the allowance for credit losses was equal to .09% of gross loans outstanding at each of december 31, 2016 and 2015. considering the inherent imprecision in the many estimates used in the determination of the allocated portion of the allowance, management deliberately remained cautious and conservative in establishing the overall allowance for credit losses. given the company's high concentration of real estate loans and considering the other factors already discussed herein, management considers the allocated and unallocated portions of the allowance for credit losses to be prudent and reasonable. furthermore, the company's allowance is general in nature and is available to absorb losses from any loan or lease category. additional information about the allowance for credit losses is included in note 5 of notes to financial statements.
allocation of the allowance for credit losses to loan categories december 31                       2016                     2015                     2014                     2013                     2012
commercial, financial, leasing, etc.             $330,833                 $300,404                 $288,038                 $273,383                 $246,759
consumer                                          156,288                  178,320                  186,033                  164,644                  179,418
as a percentage of gross loans and leases outstanding commercial, financial, leasing, etc.                 1.45   %                 1.46   %                 1.47   %                 1.45   %                 1.37   %
consumer                                             1.29                     1.54                     1.70                     1.60                     1.55
management believes that the allowance for credit losses at december 31, 2016 appropriately reflected credit losses inherent in the portfolio as of that date. the allowance for credit losses was $989 million or 1.09% of total loans and leases at december 31, 2016, compared with $956 million or 1.09% at december 31, 2015 and $920 million or 1.38% at december 31, 2014. the ratio of the allowance to total loans and leases at each respective year-end reflects the impact of loans obtained in acquisition transactions subsequent to 2008 that have been recorded at estimated fair value. as noted earlier, gaap prohibits any carry-over of an allowance for credit losses for acquired loans recorded at fair value. however, for loans acquired at a premium, gaap provides that an allowance
for credit losses be recognized for incurred losses inherent in the portfolio. the decline in the ratio of the allowance to total loans and leases at december 31, 2016 and december 31, 2015 as compared with december 31, 2014 reflects the impact of loans (predominantly residential real estate loans) obtained in the acquisition of hudson city. the level of the allowance reflects management's evaluation of the loan and lease portfolio using the methodology and considering the factors as described herein. should the various credit factors considered by management in establishing the allowance for credit losses change and should management's assessment of losses inherent in the loan portfolios also change, the level of the allowance as a percentage of loans could increase or decrease in future periods. the ratio of the allowance for credit losses to nonaccrual loans at the end of 2016, 2015 and 2014 was 107%, 120% and 115%, respectively. given the company's general position as a secured lender and its practice of charging-off loan balances when collection is deemed doubtful, that ratio and changes in that ratio are generally not an indicative measure of the adequacy of the company's allowance for credit losses, nor does management rely upon that ratio in assessing the adequacy of the company's allowance for credit losses. the level of the allowance reflects management's evaluation of the loan and lease portfolio as of each respective date.
in establishing the allowance for credit losses, management follows the methodology described herein, including taking a conservative view of borrowers' abilities to repay loans. the establishment of the allowance is extremely subjective and requires management to make many judgments about borrower, industry, regional and national economic health and performance. in order to present examples of the possible impact on the allowance from certain changes in credit quality factors, the company assumed the following scenarios for possible deterioration of credit quality:
•   for consumer loans and leases considered smaller balance homogenous loans and evaluated collectively, a 50 basis point increase in loss factors;
•   for residential real estate loans and home equity loans and lines of credit, also considered small balance homogenous loans and evaluated collectively, a 15% increase in estimated inherent losses; and
•   for commercial loans and commercial real estate loans, a migration of loans to lower-ranked risk grades resulting in a 30% increase in the balance of classified credits in each risk grade.
•   for possible improvement in credit quality factors, the scenarios assumed were:
•   for consumer loans and leases, a 20 basis point decrease in loss factors;
•   for residential real estate loans and home equity loans and lines of credit, a 10% decrease in estimated inherent losses; and
•   for commercial loans and commercial real estate loans, a migration of loans to higher-ranked risk grades resulting in a 5% decrease in the balance of classified credits in each risk grade.
the scenario analyses resulted in an additional $83 million that could be identifiable under the assumptions for credit deterioration, whereas under the assumptions for credit improvement a $27 million reduction could occur. these examples are only a few of numerous reasonably possible scenarios that could be utilized in assessing the sensitivity of the allowance for credit losses based on changes in assumptions and other factors.
the company had no concentrations of credit extended to any specific industry that exceeded 10% of total loans at december 31, 2016, however residential real estate loans comprised approximately 25% of the loan portfolio. outstanding loans to foreign borrowers aggregated $292 million at december 31, 2016, or .3% of total loans and leases.
other income other income totaled $1.83 billion in each of 2016 and 2015, compared with $1.78 billion in 2014. the impact of gains recognized on sales of collateralized debt obligations and from higher trading account and foreign exchange gains in 2016 were offset by the impact of a $45 million gain recognized in 2015 on the sale of the company's trade processing business within the retirement services division. the hudson city transaction did not have a significant impact on other income in 2015 or 2016. the increase in other income from 2014 to 2015 included higher commercial mortgage banking revenues and the aforementioned gain from the sale of the trade processing business that was largely offset by lower trust income associated with that divested business.
mortgage banking revenues aggregated $374 million in 2016, $376 million in 2015 and $363 million in 2014. mortgage banking revenues are comprised of both residential and commercial mortgage banking activities. the company's involvement in commercial mortgage banking activities includes the origination, sales and servicing of loans under the multifamily loan programs of fannie mae, freddie mac and the u.s. department of housing and urban development.
residential mortgage banking revenues, consisting of realized gains from sales of residential real estate loans and loan servicing rights, unrealized gains and losses on residential real estate loans held for sale and related commitments, residential real estate loan servicing fees, and other residential real estate loan-related fees and income, were $255 million in 2016, $281 million in 2015 and $287 million in 2014. the decline in residential mortgage banking revenues from 2014 to 2015 and from 2015 to 2016 predominantly reflects a decrease in revenues associated with servicing residential real estate loans for others.
new commitments to originate residential real estate loans to be sold declined 11% to approximately $3.1 billion in 2016, from $3.5 billion in 2015. such commitments aggregated $3.2 billion in 2014. realized gains from sales of residential real estate loans and loan servicing rights and recognized net unrealized gains or losses attributable to residential real estate loans held for sale, commitments to originate loans for sale and commitments to sell loans aggregated to a gain of $71 million in 2016, compared with gains of $74 million in 2015 and $75 million in 2014.
the company is contractually obligated to repurchase previously sold loans that do not ultimately meet investor sale criteria related to underwriting procedures or loan documentation. when required to do so, the company may reimburse purchasers for losses incurred or may repurchase certain loans. the company reduces residential mortgage banking revenues for losses related to its obligations to loan purchasers. the amount of those charges varies based on the volume of loans sold, the level of reimbursement requests received from loan purchasers and estimates of losses that may be associated with previously sold loans. residential mortgage banking revenues during 2016 and 2014 were each reduced by approximately $4 million, compared with $5 million in 2015, related to the actual or anticipated settlement of repurchase obligations.
loans held for sale that were secured by residential real estate aggregated $414 million and $353 million at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. commitments to sell residential real estate loans and commitments to originate residential real estate loans for sale at pre-determined rates totaled $777 million and $479 million, respectively, at december 31, 2016, $687 million and $489 million, respectively, at december 31, 2015 and $717 million and $432 million, respectively, at december 31, 2014. net recognized unrealized gains on residential real estate loans held for sale, commitments to sell loans and commitments to originate loans for sale were $15 million at december 31, 2016, $16 million at december 31, 2015 and $19 million at december 31, 2014. changes in such net unrealized gains are recorded in mortgage banking revenues and resulted in net decreases in revenue of $3 million and $1 million in 2015 and 2014, respectively. the aggregate impact of changes in net unrealized gains was less than $1 million in 2016.
revenues from servicing residential real estate loans for others were $183 million in 2016, $206 million in 2015 and $212 million in 2014. residential real estate loans serviced for others aggregated
$53.2 billion at december 31, 2016, $61.7 billion a year earlier and $67.2 billion at december 31, 2014 and included certain small-balance commercial real estate loans. reflected in residential real estate loans serviced for others were loans sub-serviced for others of $30.4 billion, $37.8 billion and $42.1 billion at december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. revenues earned for sub-servicing loans totaled $98 million in 2016, compared with $116 million in each of 2015 and 2014. the contractual servicing rights associated with loans sub-serviced by the company were predominantly held by affiliates of bayview lending group llc ("blg"). information about the company's relationship with blg and its affiliates is included in note 24 of notes to financial statements. capitalized servicing rights consist largely of servicing associated with loans sold by the company. capitalized residential mortgage servicing assets totaled $117 million at december 31, 2016, compared with $118 million and $111 million at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. additional information about the company's capitalized residential mortgage servicing assets, including information about the calculation of estimated fair value, is presented in note 7 of notes to financial statements.
commercial mortgage banking revenues totaled $119 million in 2016, $95 million in 2015 and $76 million in 2014. included in such amounts were revenues from loan origination and sales activities of $76 million in 2016, $53 million in 2015 and $41 million in 2014. the rise in such revenues from 2015 to 2016 was due to higher origination volumes. commercial real estate loans originated for sale to other investors totaled approximately $2.9 billion in 2016, compared with $2.0 billion in 2015 and $1.5 billion in 2014. loan servicing revenues aggregated $43 million in 2016, $42 million in 2015 and $35 million in 2014. capitalized commercial mortgage servicing assets were $104 million at december 31, 2016, $84 million at december 31, 2015 and $73 million at december 31, 2014. commercial real estate loans serviced for other investors totaled $11.8 billion at december 31, 2016, $11.0 billion at december 31, 2015 and $11.3 billion at december 31, 2014, and included $2.8 billion, $2.5 billion and $2.4 billion, respectively, of loan balances for which investors had recourse to the company if such balances are ultimately uncollectible. commitments to sell commercial real estate loans and commitments to originate commercial real estate loans for sale aggregated $713 million and $70 million, respectively, at december 31, 2016, $96 million and $58 million, respectively, at december 31, 2015 and $520 million and $212 million, respectively, at december 31, 2014. commercial real estate loans held for sale were $643 million, $39 million and $308 million at december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. the higher balances at december 31, 2016 and 2014 reflect loans originated later in the year that had not yet been delivered to investors.
service charges on deposit accounts totaled $419 million in 2016, compared with $421 million in 2015 and $428 million in 2014. the lower levels of fees since 2014 resulted from declines in consumer service charges, particularly overdraft fees.
trust income includes fees related to two significant businesses. the institutional client services ("ics") business provides a variety of trustee, agency, investment management and administrative services for corporations and institutions, investment bankers, corporate tax, finance and legal executives, and other institutional clients who: (i) use capital markets financing structures; (ii) use independent trustees to hold retirement plan and other assets; and (iii) need investment and cash management services. the wealth advisory services ("was") business helps high net worth clients grow their wealth, protect it, and transfer it to their heirs. a comprehensive array of wealth management services are offered, including asset management, fiduciary services and family office services. trust income totaled to $472 million in 2016, compared with $471 million in 2015 and $508 million in 2014. revenues associated with the ics business were approximately $230 million in 2016, $220 million in 2015 and $244 million in 2014. the increase in ics revenue in 2016 when compared to the prior year was the result of stronger sales activities and higher fees earned from money-market funds, partially offset by lower retirement services revenues. the decline in ics
revenue in 2016 and 2015 as compared with 2014 reflects the april 2015 divestiture of the trade processing business within the retirement services division. revenues related to that business reflected in trust income (in the ics business) during 2015 and 2014 were approximately $9 million and $34 million, respectively. after considering related expenses, including the portion of those revenues paid to sub-advisors, net income attributable to the sold business during those years was not material to the consolidated results of operations of the company. the sale resulted in an after-tax gain in 2015 of $23 million ($45 million pre-tax) that was recorded in "other revenues from operations" in the consolidated statement of income. revenues attributable to was totaled approximately $212 million, $218 million and $224 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. total trust assets, which include assets under management and assets under administration, were $210.6 billion at december 31, 2016, compared with $199.2 billion at december 31, 2015. trust assets under management aggregated $70.7 billion and $66.7 billion at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. additional trust income from investment management activities were $30 million, $33 million and $40 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. that income largely relates to fees earned from retail customer investment accounts and from an affiliated investment manager. assets managed by that affiliated manager totaled $7.3 billion and $7.1 billion at december 31, 2016 and december 31, 2015, respectively. the company's trust income from that affiliate was not material during 2016 or 2015. the company's proprietary mutual funds held assets of $10.9 billion and $12.2 billion at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
brokerage services income, which includes revenues from the sale of mutual funds and annuities and securities brokerage fees, aggregated $63 million in 2016, $65 million in 2015 and $67 million in 2014. trading account and foreign exchange activity resulted in gains of $41 million in 2016, $31 million in 2015 and $30 million in 2014. the higher level of such gains in 2016 as compared with 2015 resulted largely from higher activity related to interest rate swap transactions executed on behalf of commercial customers and higher gains associated with foreign exchange activities. as compared with 2014, higher activity in 2015 related to interest rate swap transactions executed on behalf of commercial customers was largely offset by decreased market values of trading account assets held in connection with deferred compensation arrangements and lower gains associated with foreign exchange activities. the company enters into interest rate and foreign exchange contracts with customers who need such services and concomitantly enters into offsetting trading positions with third parties to minimize the risks involved with these types of transactions. information about the notional amount of interest rate, foreign exchange and other contracts entered into by the company for trading account purposes is included in note 18 of notes to financial statements and herein under the heading "liquidity, market risk, and interest rate sensitivity."
the company realized net gains from sales of investment securities of $30 million in 2016. there were no significant gains or losses on investment securities in 2015 or 2014. during 2016, the company sold all of its collateralized debt obligations that had been held in the available-for-sale investment securities portfolio and that had been obtained through the acquisition of other banks. in total, securities with an amortized cost of $28 million were sold. divestiture of the majority of those securities would have been required prior to july 21, 2017 in accordance with the provisions of the volcker rule. there were no other-than-temporary impairment losses in 2016, 2015 or 2014. each reporting period the company reviews its investment securities for other-than-temporary impairment. for equity securities, the company considers various factors to determine if the decline in value is other than temporary, including the duration and extent of the decline in value, the factors contributing to the decline in fair value, including the financial condition of the issuer as well as the conditions of the industry in which it operates, and the prospects for a recovery in fair value of the equity security. for debt securities, the company analyzes the creditworthiness of the issuer or reviews the credit performance of the underlying collateral supporting the bond. for debt securities backed by pools of loans, such as privately issued mortgage-backed securities, the company
estimates the cash flows of the underlying loan collateral using forward-looking assumptions for default rates, loss severities and prepayment speeds. estimated collateral cash flows are then utilized to estimate bond-specific cash flows to determine the ultimate collectibility of the bond. if the present value of the cash flows indicates that the company should not expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis of a bond or if the company intends to sell the bond or it more likely than not will be required to sell the bond before recovery of its amortized cost basis, an other-than-temporary impairment loss is recognized. if an other-than-temporary impairment loss is deemed to have occurred, the investment security's cost basis is adjusted, as appropriate for the circumstances. additional information about other-than-temporary impairment considerations is included herein under the heading "capital."
other revenues from operations aggregated $426 million in 2016, compared with $463 million in 2015 and $383 million in 2014. the decline in other revenues from operations in 2016 as compared to 2015 was largely due to the $45 million gain from the sale of the trade processing business in 2015 and lower letter of credit and credit-related fees (largely loan syndication fees), partially offset by higher merchant discount and credit card fees. the increase in 2015 as compared with 2014 reflected that $45 million gain from the sale of the trade processing business, $15 million of gains from the sale of equipment previously leased to commercial customers and higher loan syndication fees.
included in other revenues from operations were the following significant components. letter of credit and other credit-related fees totaled $120 million, $134 million and $129 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. the decrease from 2015 to 2016 was largely due to a decline in loan syndication fees. revenues from merchant discount and credit card fees were $111 million in 2016, $105 million in 2015 and $96 million in 2014. the continued trend of higher revenues since 2014 was largely attributable to increased transaction volumes related to merchant activity and usage of the company's credit card products. tax-exempt income earned from bank owned life insurance, which includes increases in the cash surrender value of life insurance policies and benefits received, aggregated $54 million in 2016, compared with $53 million in 2015 and $50 million in 2014. insurance-related sales commissions and other revenues totaled $43 million in 2016, compared with $38 million in 2015 and $42 million in 2014. automated teller machine usage fees aggregated $14 million in each of 2016 and 2015 and $15 million in 2014. gains from sales of equipment previously leased to commercial customers were $8 million in 2016, $17 million in 2015 and $2 million in 2014.
m&t's share of the operating losses of blg recognized using the equity method of accounting was $11 million in 2016, compared with $14 million and $17 million in 2015 and 2014, respectively. those amounts are reflected in "other revenues from operations." the operating losses of blg in the respective years reflect provisions for losses associated with securitized loans and other loans held by blg and loan servicing and other administrative costs. however, as a result of past securitization activities, blg is entitled to cash flows from mortgage assets that it owns or that are owned by its affiliates and is also entitled to receive distributions from affiliates that provide asset management and other services. accordingly, the company believes that blg is capable of realizing positive cash flows that could be available for distribution to its owners, including m&t, despite a lack of positive gaap-earnings from its core mortgage activities. information about the company's relationship with blg and its affiliates is included in note 24 of notes to financial statements.
other expense other expense aggregated $3.05 billion in 2016, compared to $2.82 billion in 2015 and $2.69 billion in 2014. included in those amounts are expenses considered to be "nonoperating" in nature consisting of amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets of $43 million, $26 million and $34 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, and merger-related expenses of $36 million and $76
million in 2016 and 2015, respectively. there were no merger-related expenses during 2014. exclusive of those nonoperating expenses, noninterest operating expenses aggregated $2.97 billion in 2016, $2.72 billion in 2015 and $2.66 billion in 2014. the most significant factors contributing to the increase from 2015 to 2016 were costs associated with the operations obtained in the hudson city acquisition, higher salaries and employee benefits expenses and increased fdic assessments. the rise in such expenses in 2015 as compared with 2014 was largely attributable to costs associated with the operations obtained in the hudson city acquisition, higher costs for salaries and employee benefits and increased contributions to the m&t charitable foundation, partially offset by lower professional services costs.
in 2016, salaries and employee benefits expense aggregated $1.62 billion, compared with $1.55 billion and $1.40 billion in 2015 and 2014, respectively. the higher level of expenses in 2016 reflects the full-year impact of the additional employees formerly associated with hudson city as well as annual merit increases and incentive compensation costs. there were $51 million of merger-related expenses included in salaries and employee benefits expense in 2015 predominantly related to severance for former hudson city employees. excluding that $51 million, the higher expense level in 2015 as compared with 2014 was largely attributable to the impact of annual merit increases, higher pension and incentive compensation costs, and the impact of the additional employees formerly associated with hudson city. stock-based compensation totaled $65 million in each of 2016 and 2014 and $67 million in 2015. reflecting employees associated with the operations obtained from hudson city, the number of full-time equivalent employees were 16,593 and 16,979 at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, compared with 15,312 at december 31, 2014.
the company provides pension and other postretirement benefits (including a retirement savings plan) for its employees. expenses related to such benefits totaled $94 million in 2016, $100 million in 2015 and $63 million in 2014. the company sponsors both defined benefit and defined contribution pension plans. pension benefit expense for those plans was $52 million in 2016, $63 million in 2015 and $28 million in 2014. included in those amounts are $25 million in 2016, $23 million in 2015 and $22 million in 2014 for a defined contribution pension plan that the company began on january 1, 2006. the decrease in pension and other postretirement benefits expense in 2016 as compared to 2015 reflects a $15 million decrease in amortization of actuarial losses accumulated in the defined benefit pension plans.  the increase in pension and other postretirement benefits expense in 2015 as compared with 2014 was largely reflective of a $31 million increase in such amortization. no contributions were required or made to the qualified defined benefit pension plan in 2016, 2015, or 2014. the determination of pension expense and the recognition of net pension assets and liabilities for defined benefit pension plans requires management to make various assumptions that can significantly impact the actuarial calculations related thereto. those assumptions include the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, the rate of increase in future compensation levels and the discount rate. changes in any of those assumptions will impact the company's pension expense. the expected long-term rate of return assumption is determined by taking into consideration asset allocations, historical returns on the types of assets held and current economic factors. returns on invested assets are periodically compared with target market indices for each asset type to aid management in evaluating such returns. the discount rate used by the company to determine the present value of the company's future benefit obligations reflects specific market yields for a hypothetical portfolio of highly rated corporate bonds that would produce cash flows similar to the company's benefit plan obligations and the level of market interest rates in general as of the year-end. other factors used to estimate the projected benefit obligations include actuarial assumptions for turnover rate, retirement age and disability rate. those other factors do not tend to change significantly over time. the company reviews its pension plan assumptions annually to ensure that such assumptions are reasonable and adjusts those assumptions, as necessary, to reflect changes in future expectations. the company utilizes actuaries and others to aid in that assessment.
the company's 2016 pension expense for its defined benefit plans was determined using the following assumptions: a long-term rate of return on assets of 6.50%; a rate of future compensation increase of 4.37%; and a discount rate of 4.25%. to demonstrate the sensitivity of pension expense to changes in the company's pension plan assumptions, 25 basis point increases in: the rate of return on plan assets would have resulted in a decrease in pension expense of $4 million; the rate of increase in compensation would have resulted in an increase in pension expense of $500,000; and the discount rate would have resulted in a decrease in pension expense of $6 million. decreases of 25 basis points in those assumptions would have resulted in similar changes in amount, but in the opposite direction from the changes presented in the preceding sentence. the accounting guidance for defined benefit pension plans reflects the long-term nature of benefit obligations and the investment horizon of plan assets, and has the effect of reducing expense volatility related to short-term changes in interest rates and market valuations. actuarial gains and losses include the impact of plan amendments, in addition to various gains and losses resulting from changes in assumptions and investment returns which are different from that which was assumed. as of december 31, 2016, the company had cumulative unrecognized actuarial losses of approximately $461 million that could result in an increase in the company's future pension expense depending on several factors, including whether such losses at each measurement date exceed ten percent of the greater of the projected benefit obligation or the market-related value of plan assets. in accordance with gaap, net unrecognized gains or losses that exceed that threshold are required to be amortized over the expected service period of active employees, and are included as a component of net pension cost. amortization of those net unrealized losses had the effect of increasing the company's pension expense by approximately $30 million in 2016, $45 million in 2015 and $14 million in 2014. the decrease in the cumulative unrecognized actuarial losses from $494 million at december 31, 2015 reflects the aforementioned amortization of unrealized losses in 2016.
gaap requires an employer to recognize in its balance sheet as an asset or liability the overfunded or underfunded status of a defined benefit postretirement plan, measured as the difference between the fair value of plan assets and the benefit obligation. for a pension plan, the benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation; for any other postretirement benefit plan, such as a retiree health care plan, the benefit obligation is the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation. gains or losses and prior service costs or credits that arise during the period, but are not included as components of net periodic benefit cost, are to be recognized as a component of other comprehensive income. as of december 31, 2016, the combined benefit obligations of the company's defined benefit postretirement plans exceeded the fair value of the assets of such plans by approximately $475 million. of that amount, $270 million was related to non-qualified pension and other postretirement benefit plans that are generally not funded until benefits are paid. in the company's qualified defined benefit pension plan, the projected benefit obligation exceeded the fair value of assets by approximately $205 million as of december 31, 2016 and $218 million as of december 31, 2015. higher asset balances at december 31, 2016 contributed to that change in funded status. the company was required to have a net pension and postretirement benefit liability for the pension and other postretirement benefit plans that was equal to $475 million at december 31, 2016. accordingly, as of december 31, 2016 the company recorded an additional postretirement benefit adjustment of $450 million. after applicable tax effect, that adjustment reduced accumulated other comprehensive income (and thereby shareholders' equity) by $273 million. the result of this was a year-over-year decrease of $40 million to the additional minimum postretirement benefit liability from $490 million recorded at december 31, 2015. after applicable tax effect, the $40 million decrease in the additional required liability adjustment increased other comprehensive income in 2016 by $24 million from the prior year-end amount of $297 million. in determining the benefit obligation for defined benefit postretirement plans the company used a discount rate of 4.00% at december 31, 2016 and 4.25% at december 31, 2015. a 25 basis point decrease in the
assumed discount rate as of december 31, 2016 to 3.75% would have resulted in increases in the combined benefit obligations of all defined benefit postretirement plans (including pension and other plans) of $76 million (pre-tax impact). a 25 basis point increase in the assumed discount rate to 4.25% would have decreased the combined benefit obligations of all defined benefit postretirement plans by $72 million (pre-tax impact). information about the company's pension plans, including significant assumptions utilized in completing actuarial calculations for the plans, is included in note 12 of notes to financial statements.
the company also provides a retirement savings plan ("rsp") that is a defined contribution plan in which eligible employees of the company may defer up to 50% of qualified compensation via contributions to the plan. the company makes an employer matching contribution in an amount equal to 75% of an employee's contribution, up to 4.5% of the employee's qualified compensation. rsp expense totaled $37 million in 2016, $34 million in 2015 and $32 million in 2014.
expenses associated with the defined benefit and defined contribution pension plans and the rsp aggregated $89 million in 2016, $97 million in 2015 and $60 million in 2014. expenses associated with providing medical and other postretirement benefits were $5 million in 2016, $3 million in 2015 and $2 million 2014.
excluding the nonoperating expense items already noted, nonpersonnel operating expenses were $1.35 billion in 2016, compared with $1.22 billion in 2015 and $1.25 billion in 2014. the increase in nonpersonnel operating expenses in 2016 as compared with 2015 was largely due to costs associated with the operations obtained in the hudson city acquisition and higher expenses for fdic assessments, advertising and marketing, partially offset by lower charitable contributions. the decrease in nonpersonnel operating expenses in 2015 from 2014 was predominantly attributable to lower expenses for professional services and litigation-related costs, offset, in part, by higher charitable contributions of $28 million. professional services costs related to bsa/aml activities, compliance, capital planning and stress testing, risk management and other operational initiatives were elevated throughout 2014. litigation-related charges in 2014 were associated with pre-acquisition activities of m&t's wilmington trust entities.
income taxes the provision for income taxes was $743 million in 2016, $595 million in 2015 and $576 million in 2014. the effective tax rates were 36.1% in 2016, 35.5% in 2015 and 35.1% in 2014. the increase in the effective rate in 2016 from 2015 reflects the impact of generally recurring tax credits and other tax-exempt income being a smaller percentage of 2016's higher income before income taxes. income tax expense in 2015 reflected two largely offsetting items. the company attributed $11 million of non-deductible goodwill to the basis of the trade processing business sold in april 2015, which reduced the recorded gain, but did not result in an income tax benefit. during the fourth quarter of 2015, the provision for income taxes was reduced by $5 million to reflect technology research credits related to 2011 through 2014 that were accepted by the internal revenue service in december 2015. during the second quarter of 2014, the company resolved with tax authorities previously uncertain tax positions associated with pre-acquisition activities of m&t's wilmington trust entities, resulting in a reduction of the provision for income taxes of $8 million. excluding that reduction of income tax expense, the effective tax rate for 2014 would have been 35.6%. the effective tax rate is affected by the level of income earned that is exempt from tax relative to the overall level of pre-tax income, the level of income allocated to the various state and local jurisdictions where the company operates, because tax rates differ among such jurisdictions, and the impact of any large but infrequently occurring items.
the company's effective tax rate in future periods will be affected by the results of operations allocated to the various tax jurisdictions within which the company operates, any change in income tax laws or regulations within those jurisdictions, and interpretations of income tax regulations that differ from the company's interpretations by any of various tax authorities that may examine tax returns filed by m&t or any of its subsidiaries. information about amounts accrued for uncertain tax positions and a reconciliation of income tax expense to the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to pre-tax income is provided in note 13 of notes to financial statements.
international activities assets and revenues associated with international activities represent less than 1% of the company's consolidated assets and revenues. international assets included $292 million and $265 million of loans to foreign borrowers at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. deposits in the company's office in the cayman islands aggregated $202 million at december 31, 2016 and $170 million at december 31, 2015. the company uses such deposits to facilitate customer demand and as an alternative to short-term borrowings when the costs of such deposits seem reasonable. loans and deposits at m&t bank's commercial banking office in ontario, canada as of december 31, 2016 totaled $133 million and $50  million, respectively, compared with $95 million and $35 million, respectively, at december 31, 2015. the company also offers trust-related services in europe. revenues from providing such services during 2016, 2015 and 2014 were approximately $25 million, $26 million and $31 million, respectively.liquidity, market risk, and interest rate sensitivity as a financial intermediary, the company is exposed to various risks, including liquidity and market risk. liquidity refers to the company's ability to ensure that sufficient cash flow and liquid assets are available to satisfy current and future obligations, including demands for loans and deposit withdrawals, funding operating costs, and other corporate purposes. liquidity risk arises whenever the maturities of financial instruments included in assets and liabilities differ.
the most significant source of funding for the company is core deposits, which are generated from a large base of consumer, corporate and institutional customers. that customer base has, over the past several years, become more geographically diverse as a result of acquisitions and expansion of the company's businesses. nevertheless, the company faces competition in offering products and services from a large array of financial market participants, including banks, thrifts, mutual funds, securities dealers and others. core deposits financed 83% of the company's earning assets at each of december 31, 2016 and 2014, compared with 81% at december 31, 2015.
the company supplements funding provided through core deposits with various short-term and long-term wholesale borrowings, including federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase, brokered deposits, cayman islands office deposits and longer-term borrowings. at december 31, 2016, m&t bank had short-term and long-term credit facilities with the fhlbs aggregating $22.5 billion. outstanding borrowings under fhlb credit facilities totaled $1.2 billion and $3.1 billion at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. such borrowings were secured by loans and investment securities. as a result of the hudson city acquisition, the company assumed $2.0 billion of short-term borrowings from the fhlb of new york. such borrowings had fixed rates of interest and matured on various dates in 2016. m&t bank had an available line of credit with the federal reserve bank of new york that totaled approximately $11.2 billion at december 31, 2016. the amount of that line is dependent upon the balances of loans and securities pledged as collateral. there were no borrowings outstanding under such line of credit at december 31, 2016 or december 31, 2015. m&t bank has a bank note program whereby m&t
bank may offer unsecured senior and subordinated notes. only unsecured senior notes have been issued under that program. those outstanding notes totaled $5.2 billion at december 31, 2016 and $5.5 billion at december 31, 2015. the proceeds of the issuances of borrowings under the bank note program have been predominantly utilized to purchase high-quality liquid assets that meet the requirements of the lcr.
from time to time, the company has issued subordinated capital notes and junior subordinated debentures associated with trust preferred securities to provide liquidity and enhance regulatory capital ratios. however, pursuant to the dodd-frank act, the company's junior subordinated debentures associated with trust preferred securities have been phased-out of the definition of tier 1 capital. effective january 1, 2015, 75% of such securities were excluded from the company's tier 1 capital, and beginning january 1, 2016 all were excluded. the amounts excluded from tier 1 capital are still includable in total capital. in accordance with its 2015 capital plan, in april 2015 m&t redeemed the junior subordinated debentures associated with the $310 million of trust preferred securities of m&t capital trusts i, ii and iii. information about the company's borrowings is included in note 9 of notes to financial statements.
the company has informal and sometimes reciprocal sources of funding available through various arrangements for unsecured short-term borrowings from a wide group of banks and other financial institutions. short-term federal funds borrowings totaled $112 million and $99 million at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. in general, those borrowings were unsecured and matured on the next business day. in addition to satisfying customer demand, cayman islands office deposits may be used by the company as an alternative to short-term borrowings. cayman islands office deposits totaled $202 million and $170 million at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. the company has also benefited from the placement of brokered deposits. the company has brokered savings and interest-bearing checking deposit accounts which aggregated $1.2 billion at each of december 31, 2016 and 2015. brokered time deposits were not a significant source of funding as of those dates.
the company's ability to obtain funding from these or other sources could be negatively impacted should the company experience a substantial deterioration in its financial condition or its debt ratings, or should the availability of short-term funding become restricted due to a disruption in the financial markets. the company attempts to quantify such credit-event risk by modeling scenarios that estimate the liquidity impact resulting from a short-term ratings downgrade over various grading levels. such impact is estimated by attempting to measure the effect on available unsecured lines of credit, available capacity from secured borrowing sources and securitizable assets. information about the credit ratings of m&t and m&t bank is presented in table 16. additional information regarding the terms and maturities of all of the company's short-term and long-term borrowings is provided in note 9 of notes to financial statements. in addition to deposits and borrowings, other sources of liquidity include maturities of investment securities and other earning assets, repayments of loans and investment securities, and cash generated from operations, such as fees collected for services.
debt ratings moody's    standard    fitch and poor's
m&amp;t bank short-term deposits        prime-1   a-1          f1
long-term deposits         aa2       a            a+
certain customers of the company obtain financing through the issuance of variable rate demand bonds ("vrdbs"). the vrdbs are generally enhanced by letters of credit provided by m&t bank. m&t bank oftentimes acts as remarketing agent for the vrdbs and, at its discretion, may from time-to-time own some of the vrdbs while such instruments are remarketed. when this occurs, the vrdbs are classified as trading account assets in the company's consolidated balance sheet. nevertheless, m&t bank is not contractually obligated to purchase the vrdbs. the value of vrdbs in the company's trading account totaled $30 million at december 31, 2016 (all of which were remarketed in january 2017) and less than $1 million at december 31, 2015. the total amount of vrdbs outstanding backed by m&t bank letters of credit was $1.3 billion and $1.7 billion at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. m&t bank also serves as remarketing agent for most of those bonds.
maturity distribution of selected loans(a)
commercial, financial, etc.             $6,971,475                      $3,616,703                  $9,427,225                $1,092,732
(a)   the data do not include nonaccrual loans.
the company enters into contractual obligations in the normal course of business that require future cash payments. the contractual amounts and timing of those payments as of december 31, 2016 are summarized in table 18. off-balance sheet commitments to customers may impact liquidity, including commitments to extend credit, standby letters of credit, commercial letters of credit, financial guarantees and indemnification contracts, and commitments to sell real estate loans. because many of these commitments or contracts expire without being funded in whole or in part, the contract amounts are not necessarily indicative of future cash flows. further discussion of these commitments is provided
in note 21 of notes to financial statements. table 18 summarizes the company's other commitments as of december 31, 2016 and the timing of the expiration of such commitments.
contractual obligations and other commitments december 31, 2016           less than one               one to three              three to five                over five                   total year                      years                      years                      years
payments due for contractual obligations time deposits                          $6,682,736                 $2,226,615                 $1,215,706                    $6,789               $10,131,846
deposits at cayman                        201,927                          -                          -                         -                   201,927
and agreements to repurchase securities long-term borrowings                    3,442,484                  3,013,860                  1,770,083                 1,267,408                 9,493,835
other commitments commitments to extend                  $9,431,954                 $6,831,786                 $4,506,591                $4,261,231               $25,031,562
credit standby letters of credit               1,618,032                    992,324                    344,686                    32,049                 2,987,091
credit financial guarantees and                   95,461                    325,899                    436,302                 2,185,918                 3,043,580
indemnification contracts commitments to sell real                1,444,354                     44,883                          -                         -                 1,489,237
m&t's primary source of funds to pay for operating expenses, shareholder dividends and treasury stock repurchases has historically been the receipt of dividends from its banking subsidiaries, which are subject to various regulatory limitations. dividends from any banking subsidiary to m&t are limited by the amount of earnings of the banking subsidiary in the current year and the two preceding years. for purposes of that test, at december 31, 2016 approximately $627 million was available for payment of dividends to m&t from banking subsidiaries. information regarding the long-term debt obligations of m&t is included in note 9 of notes to financial statements.
maturity and taxable-equivalent yield of investment securities december 31, 2016                      one year                 one to five                 five to ten                   over ten                     total or less                     years                       years                       years
investment securities available for sale(a)
u.s. treasury and federal agencies carrying value                                           $155,828                  $1,746,716                          $-                          $-                   $1,902,544
obligations of states and political subdivisions carrying value                                                584                       1,557                           -                       1,500                        3,641
mortgage-backed securities(b)
government issued or guaranteed carrying value                                            598,628                   2,533,948                   3,564,284                   4,258,001                   10,954,861
privately issued carrying value                                                 33                          11                           -                           -                           44
other debt securities carrying value                                              1,922                       2,269                       3,132                     111,193                      118,516
equity securities carrying value                                                  -                           -                           -                           -                      352,466
total investment securities available for sale carrying value                                            756,995                   4,284,501                   3,567,416                   4,370,694                   13,332,072
investment securities held to maturity obligations of states and political subdivisions carrying value                                             24,533                      34,073                       2,252                           -                       60,858
mortgage-backed securities(b)
government issued or guaranteed carrying value                                            127,293                     360,496                     479,018                   1,266,366                    2,233,173
privately issued carrying value                                              5,878                      24,194                      32,152                      95,480                      157,704
other debt securities carrying value                                                  -                           -                           -                       5,543                        5,543
total investment securities held to maturity carrying value                                            157,704                     418,763                     513,422                   1,367,389                    2,457,278
other investment securities                                     -                           -                           -                           -                      461,118
total investment securities carrying value                                           $914,699                  $4,703,264                  $4,080,838                  $5,738,083                  $16,250,468
(a)   investment securities available for sale are presented at estimated fair value. yields on such securities are based on amortized cost.
(b)   maturities are reflected based upon contractual payments due. actual maturities are expected to be significantly shorter as a result of loan repayments in the underlying mortgage pools.
maturity of domestic certificates of deposit and time deposits with balances of $100,000 or more december 31,
management closely monitors the company's liquidity position on an ongoing basis for compliance with internal policies and believes that available sources of liquidity are adequate to meet funding needs anticipated in the normal course of business. management does not anticipate engaging in any activities, either currently or in the long-term, for which adequate funding would not be available and would therefore result in a significant strain on liquidity at either m&t or its subsidiary banks. banking regulators have enacted the lcr rules requiring a banking company to maintain a minimum amount of liquid assets to withstand a standardized supervisory liquidity stress scenario. the effective date for those rules for the company was january 1, 2016, subject to a phase-in period. the company has taken steps as noted herein to enhance its liquidity and is in compliance with the phase-in requirements of the rules.
market risk is the risk of loss from adverse changes in the market prices and/or interest rates of the company's financial instruments. the primary market risk the company is exposed to is interest rate risk. interest rate risk arises from the company's core banking activities of lending and deposit-taking, because assets and liabilities reprice at different times and by different amounts as interest rates change. as a result, net interest income earned by the company is subject to the effects of changing interest rates. the company measures interest rate risk by calculating the variability of net interest income in future periods under various interest rate scenarios using projected balances for earning assets, interest-bearing liabilities and derivatives used to hedge interest rate risk. management's philosophy toward interest rate risk management is to limit the variability of net interest income. the balances of financial instruments used in the projections are based on expected growth from forecasted business opportunities, anticipated prepayments of loans and investment securities, and expected maturities of investment securities, loans and deposits. management uses a "value of equity" model to supplement the modeling technique described above. those supplemental analyses are based on discounted cash flows associated with on- and off-balance sheet financial instruments. such analyses are modeled to reflect changes in interest rates and provide management with a long-term interest rate risk metric. the company has entered into interest rate swap agreements to help manage exposure to interest rate risk. at december 31, 2016, the aggregate notional amount of interest rate swap agreements entered into for interest rate risk management purposes was $900 million. information about interest rate swap agreements entered into for interest rate risk management purposes is included herein under the heading "net interest income/lending and funding activities" and in note 18 of notes to financial statements.
the company's asset-liability committee, which includes members of senior management, monitors the sensitivity of the company's net interest income to changes in interest rates with the aid of a computer model that forecasts net interest income under different interest rate scenarios. in
modeling changing interest rates, the company considers different yield curve shapes that consider both parallel (that is, simultaneous changes in interest rates at each point on the yield curve) and non-parallel (that is, allowing interest rates at points on the yield curve to vary by different amounts) shifts in the yield curve. in utilizing the model, projections of net interest income calculated under the varying interest rate scenarios are compared to a base interest rate scenario that is reflective of current interest rates. the model considers the impact of ongoing lending and deposit-gathering activities, as well as interrelationships in the magnitude and timing of the repricing of financial instruments, including the effect of changing interest rates on expected prepayments and maturities. when deemed prudent, management has taken actions to mitigate exposure to interest rate risk through the use of on- or off-balance sheet financial instruments and intends to do so in the future. possible actions include, but are not limited to, changes in the pricing of loan and deposit products, modifying the composition of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, and adding to, modifying or terminating existing interest rate swap agreements or other financial instruments used for interest rate risk management purposes.
table 21 displays as of december 31, 2016 and 2015 the estimated impact on net interest income from non-trading financial instruments in the base scenario described above resulting from parallel changes in interest rates across repricing categories during the first modeling year.
sensitivity of net interest income to changes in interest rates calculated increase (decrease)
changes in interest rates   2016                          2015
the company utilized many assumptions to calculate the impact that changes in interest rates may have on net interest income. the more significant of those assumptions included the rate of prepayments of mortgage-related assets, cash flows from derivative and other financial instruments held for non-trading purposes, loan and deposit volumes and pricing, and deposit maturities. in the scenarios presented, the company also assumed gradual increases in interest rates during a twelve-month period of 100 and 200 basis points, as compared with the assumed base scenario, as well as a gradual decrease of 50 basis points. in the declining rate scenario, the rate changes may be limited to lesser amounts such that interest rates remain positive on all points of the yield curve. in 2016, the company suspended the -100 basis point scenario due to the persistent low level of interest rates. this scenario will be reinstated if and when interest rates rise sufficiently to make the analysis more meaningful. the assumptions used in interest rate sensitivity modeling are inherently uncertain and, as a result, the company cannot precisely predict the impact of changes in interest rates on net interest income. actual results may differ significantly from those presented due to the timing, magnitude and frequency of changes in interest rates and changes in market conditions and interest rate differentials (spreads) between maturity/repricing categories, as well as any actions, such as those previously described, which management may take to counter such changes.
table 22 presents cumulative totals of net assets (liabilities) repricing on a contractual basis within the specified time frames, as adjusted for the impact of interest rate swap agreements entered
into for interest rate risk management purposes. management believes that this measure does not appropriately depict interest rate risk since changes in interest rates do not necessarily affect all categories of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities equally nor, as assumed in the table, on the contractual maturity or repricing date. furthermore, this static presentation of interest rate risk fails to consider the effect of ongoing lending and deposit gathering activities, projected changes in balance sheet composition or any subsequent interest rate risk management activities the company is likely to implement.
contractual repricing data december 31, 2016             three months                  four to twelve                   one to                       after                         total or less                         months                     five years                   five years
investment securities                       855,044                        934,350                    4,811,227                    9,649,847                    16,250,468
other earning assets                      5,087,011                            776                            -                            -                     5,087,787
total earning assets                     58,271,518                      6,765,927                   21,977,875                   25,176,351                   112,191,671
deposits time deposits                             2,448,960                      4,233,776                    3,442,321                        6,789                    10,131,846
deposits at cayman islands                  201,927                              -                            -                            -                       201,927
deposits short-term borrowings                       163,442                              -                            -                            -                       163,442
liabilities interest rate swap                         (900,000   )                    400,000                      500,000                            -                             -
total earning assets changes in fair value of the company's financial instruments can also result from a lack of trading activity for similar instruments in the financial markets. that impact is most notable on the values assigned to some of the company's investment securities. information about the fair valuation of investment securities is presented herein under the heading "capital" and in notes 3 and 20 of notes to financial statements.
the company engages in limited trading account activities to meet the financial needs of customers and to fund the company's obligations under certain deferred compensation plans. financial instruments utilized in trading account activities consist predominantly of interest rate contracts, such as swap agreements, and forward and futures contracts related to foreign currencies. the company generally mitigates the foreign currency and interest rate risk associated with trading account activities by entering into offsetting trading positions that are also included in the trading account. the fair values of the offsetting trading account positions associated with interest rate
contracts and foreign currency and other option and futures contracts are presented in note 18 of notes to financial statements. the amounts of gross and net trading account positions, as well as the type of trading account activities conducted by the company, are subject to a well-defined series of potential loss exposure limits established by management and approved by m&t's board of directors. however, as with any non-government guaranteed financial instrument, the company is exposed to credit risk associated with counterparties to the company's trading account activities.
the notional amounts of interest rate contracts entered into for trading account purposes totaled $21.6 billion at december 31, 2016 and $18.4 billion at december 31, 2015. the notional amounts of foreign currency and other option and futures contracts entered into for trading account purposes were $471 million and $1.6 billion at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. although the notional amounts of these contracts are not recorded in the consolidated balance sheet, the fair values of all financial instruments used for trading account activities are recorded in the consolidated balance sheet. the fair values of all trading account assets and liabilities were $324 million and $174 million, respectively, at december 31, 2016 and $274 million and $161 million, respectively, at december 31, 2015. included in trading account assets at december 31, 2016 and 2015 were $22 million and $24 million, respectively, of assets related to deferred compensation plans. changes in the fair value of such assets are recorded as "trading account and foreign exchange gains" in the consolidated statement of income. included in "other liabilities" in the consolidated balance sheet at december 31, 2016 and 2015 were $26 million and $28 million, respectively, of liabilities related to deferred compensation plans. changes in the balances of such liabilities due to the valuation of allocated investment options to which the liabilities are indexed are recorded in "other costs of operations" in the consolidated statement of income. also included in trading account assets were investments in mutual funds and other assets that the company was required to hold under terms of certain non-qualified supplemental retirement and other benefit plans that were assumed by the company in various acquisitions. those assets totaled $24 million and $33 million at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
given the company's policies, limits and positions, management believes that the potential loss exposure to the company resulting from market risk associated with trading account activities was not material, however, as previously noted, the company is exposed to credit risk associated with counterparties to transactions related to the company's trading account activities. additional information about the company's use of derivative financial instruments in its trading account activities is included in note 18 of notes to financial statements.
capital shareholders' equity was $16.5 billion at december 31, 2016 and represented 13.35% of total assets, compared with $16.2 billion or 13.17% at december 31, 2015 and $12.3 billion or 12.76% at december 31, 2014.
included in shareholders' equity was preferred stock with financial statement carrying values of $1.2 billion at december 31, 2016 and 2015.  on october 28, 2016, m&t issued 50,000 shares of series f perpetual fixed-to-floating rate non-cumulative preferred stock, par value $1.00 per share and liquidation preference of $10,000 per share.  through october 31, 2026 holders of the series f preferred stock are entitled to receive, only when, as and if declared by m&t's board of directors, non-cumulative cash dividends at an annual rate of 5.125%, payable semi-annually in arrears.  subsequent to november 1, 2026 holders will be entitled to receive quarterly cash dividends at an annual rate of three-month london interbank offered rate ("libor") plus 352 basis points.  the series f preferred stock may be redeemed at m&t's option, in whole or in part, on any dividend payment date on or after november 1, 2026 or, in whole but not in part, at any time within 90 days following a regulatory capital treatment event whereby the full liquidation value of the shares no longer qualifies as tier 1 capital.  on december 15, 2016, m&t redeemed 50,000 shares of the
series d fixed rate non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, par value $1.00 per share and liquidation preference of $10,000 per share, having received the approval of the federal reserve to redeem such shares after issuing the series f preferred stock.  on february 11, 2014, m&t issued 350,000 shares of series e perpetual fixed-to-floating rate non-cumulative preferred stock, par value $1.00 per share and liquidation preference of $1,000 per share. dividends, if and when declared, are paid semi-annually at a rate of 6.45% through february 14, 2024 and thereafter will be paid quarterly at a rate of the three-month libor plus 361 basis points. the shares are redeemable in whole or in part on or after february 15, 2024. notwithstanding m&t's option to redeem the shares, if an event occurs such that the shares no longer qualify as tier 1 capital, m&t may redeem all of the shares within 90 days following that occurrence. further information concerning m&t's preferred stock can be found in note 10 of notes to financial statements.
common shareholders' equity was $15.3 billion, or $97.64 per share, at december 31, 2016, compared with $14.9 billion, or $93.60 per share, at december 31, 2015 and $11.1 billion, or $83.88 per share, at december 31, 2014. in conjunction with the acquisition of hudson city, m&t issued 25,953,950 common shares, which added $3.1 billion to common shareholders' equity on november 1, 2015. tangible equity per common share, which excludes goodwill and core deposit and other intangible assets and applicable deferred tax balances, was $67.85 at december 31, 2016, compared with $64.28 and $57.06 at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. the company's ratio of tangible common equity to tangible assets was 8.92% at december 31, 2016, compared with 8.69% and 8.11% at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. reconciliations of total common shareholders' equity and tangible common equity and total assets and tangible assets as of december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 are presented in table 2. during 2016, 2015 and 2014, the ratio of average total shareholders' equity to average total assets was 13.21%, 13.00% and 13.13%, respectively. the ratio of average common shareholders' equity to average total assets was 12.16%, 11.79% and 11.83% in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
shareholders' equity reflects accumulated other comprehensive income or loss, which includes the net after-tax impact of unrealized gains or losses on investment securities classified as available for sale, unrealized losses on held-to-maturity securities for which an other-than-temporary impairment charge has been recognized, gains or losses associated with interest rate swap agreements designated as cash flow hedges, foreign currency translation adjustments and adjustments to reflect the funded status of defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans. net unrealized losses on investment securities reflected in shareholders' equity, net of applicable tax effect, were $16 million, or $.10 per common share, at december 31, 2016, compared with net unrealized gains of $48 million, or $.30 per common share, at december 31, 2015 and $127 million, or $.96 per common share, at december 31, 2014. changes in unrealized gains and losses on investment securities are predominantly reflective of the impact of changes in interest rates on the values of such securities. information about unrealized gains and losses as of december 31, 2016 and 2015 is included in note 3 of notes to financial statements.
reflected in net unrealized losses at december 31, 2016 were pre-tax effect unrealized gains of $135 million on available-for-sale investment securities with an amortized cost of $4.5 billion and pre-tax effect unrealized losses of $141 million on securities with an amortized cost of $8.8 billion. the pre-tax effect unrealized losses reflect $17 million of losses on trust preferred securities issued by financial institutions having an amortized cost of $102 million and an estimated fair value of $85 million (generally considered level 2 valuations). further information concerning the company's valuations of available-for-sale investment securities is provided in note 20 of notes to financial statements.
as of december 31, 2016, based on a review of each of the securities in the investment securities portfolio, the company concluded that the declines in the values of any securities containing an unrealized loss were temporary and that any additional other-than-temporary
impairment charges were not appropriate. during 2016, the company sold all of its collateralized debt obligations held in the available-for-sale investment securities portfolio for a pre-tax gain of $30 million.  those securities had been obtained through the acquisition of other banks.  divestiture of the majority of the securities would have been required prior to july 21, 2017 in accordance with the volcker rule.  as of december 31, 2016, the company did not intend to sell nor is it anticipated that it would be required to sell any of its impaired securities, that is, where fair value is less than the cost basis of the security. the company intends to continue to closely monitor the performance of its securities because changes in their underlying credit performance or other events could cause the cost basis of those securities to become other-than-temporarily impaired. however, because the unrealized losses on available-for-sale investment securities have generally already been reflected in the financial statement values for investment securities and shareholders' equity, any recognition of an other-than-temporary decline in value of those investment securities would not have a material effect on the company's consolidated financial condition. any other-than-temporary impairment charge related to held-to-maturity securities would result in reductions in the financial statement values for investment securities and shareholders' equity. additional information concerning fair value measurements and the company's approach to the classification of such measurements is included in note 20 of the notes to financial statements. for additional information concerning the volcker rule, refer to part i, item 1 of this form 10-k under the heading "volcker rule."
the company assessed impairment losses on privately issued mortgage-backed securities in the held-to-maturity portfolio by performing internal modeling to estimate bond-specific cash flows considering recent performance of the mortgage loan collateral and utilizing assumptions about future defaults and loss severity. these bond-specific cash flows also reflect the placement of the bond in the overall securitization structure and the remaining subordination levels. in total, at december 31, 2016 and 2015, the company had in its held-to-maturity portfolio privately issued mortgage-backed securities with an amortized cost basis of $158 million and $181 million, respectively, and a fair value of $121 million and $142 million, respectively. at december 31, 2016, 85% of the mortgage-backed securities were in the most senior tranche of the securitization structure with 25% being independently rated as investment grade. the mortgage-backed securities are generally collateralized by residential and small-balance commercial real estate loans originated between 2004 and 2008 and had a weighted-average credit enhancement of 16% at december 31, 2016, calculated by dividing the remaining unpaid principal balance of bonds subordinate to the bonds owned by the company plus any overcollateralization remaining in the securitization structure by the remaining unpaid principal balance of all bonds in the securitization structure. all mortgage-backed securities in the held-to-maturity portfolio had a current payment status as of december 31, 2016. the weighted-average default percentage and loss severity assumptions utilized in the company's internal modeling were 30% and 79%, respectively. the company has concluded that as of december 31, 2016, those privately issued mortgage-backed securities were not other-than-temporarily impaired. nevertheless, it is possible that adverse changes in the future performance of mortgage loan collateral underlying such securities could impact the company's conclusions.
adjustments to reflect the funded status of defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans, net of applicable tax effect, reduced accumulated other comprehensive income by $273 million, or $1.75 per common share, at december 31, 2016, $297 million, or $1.86 per common share, at december 31, 2015 and $306 million, or $2.31 per common share, at december 31, 2014. information about the funded status of the company's pension and other postretirement benefit plans is included in note 12 of notes to financial statements.
on june 29, 2016, m&t announced that the federal reserve did not object to m&t's revised 2016 capital plan.  that plan includes the repurchase of up to $1.15 billion of common shares during the four-quarter period starting on july 1, 2016 and an increase in the quarterly common stock dividend in the first quarter of 2017 of up to $.05 per share to $.75 per share.  m&t may also
continue to pay dividends and interest on other equity and debt instruments included in regulatory capital, including preferred stock, trust preferred securities and subordinated debt that were outstanding at december 31, 2015, consistent with the contractual terms of those instruments. dividends are subject to declaration by m&t's board of directors. furthermore, on july 19, 2016, m&t's board of directors authorized a new stock repurchase program to repurchase up to $1.15 billion of shares of m&t's common stock subject to all applicable regulatory limitations, including those set forth in m&t's 2016 capital plan.  during 2016, in accordance with the 2016 and 2015 capital plans, m&t repurchased 5,607,595 common shares for $641 million. the remaining amount of authorized common share repurchases pursuant to the 2016 capital plan at december 31, 2016 totaled $763 million, of which $538 million should be repurchased in the first quarter of 2017 and $225 million in the second quarter. the company did not repurchase any shares of its common stock in 2015 or 2014.
cash dividends declared on m&t's common stock totaled $442 million in 2016, compared with $375 million and $371 million in 2015 and 2014, respectively. dividends per common share totaled $2.80 in each of 2016, 2015 and 2014. dividends of $81 million in each of 2016 and 2015 and $76 million in 2014 were declared on preferred stock in accordance with the terms of each series. no dividends were declared in 2016 on the series f preferred stock issued in october 2016.
m&t and its subsidiary banks are required to comply with applicable capital adequacy standards established by the federal banking agencies. pursuant to those regulations, the minimum capital ratios are as follows:
•   4.5% common equity tier 1 ("cet1") to risk-weighted assets (each as defined in the capital regulations);
•   6.0% tier 1 capital (that is, cet1 plus additional tier 1 capital) to risk-weighted assets (each as defined in the capital regulations);
•   8.0% total capital (that is, tier 1 capital plus tier 2 capital) to risk-weighted assets (each as defined in the capital regulations); and
•   4.0% tier 1 capital to average consolidated assets as reported on consolidated financial statements (known as the "leverage ratio"), as defined in the capital regulations.
in addition, capital regulations provide for the phase-in of a "capital conservation buffer" composed entirely of cet1 on top of these minimum risk-weighted asset ratios.  when fully phased-in on january 1, 2019 the capital conservation buffer will be 2.5%.  for 2016, the phase-in transition portion of that buffer was .625%. the regulatory capital amounts and ratios of m&t and its bank subsidiaries as of december 31, 2016 are presented in note 23 of notes to financial statements. a detailed discussion of the regulatory capital rules is included in part i, item 1 of this form 10-k under the heading "capital requirements."
the company is also subject to the comprehensive regulatory framework applicable to bank and financial holding companies and their subsidiaries, which includes regular examinations by a number of federal regulators. regulation of financial institutions such as m&t and its subsidiaries is intended primarily for the protection of depositors, the deposit insurance fund of the fdic and the banking and financial system as a whole, and generally is not intended for the protection of shareholders, investors or creditors other than insured depositors. changes in laws, regulations and regulatory policies applicable to the company's operations can increase or decrease the cost of doing business, limit or expand permissible activities or affect the competitive environment in which the company operates, all of which could have a material effect on the business, financial condition or results of operations of the company and in m&t's ability to pay dividends. for additional information concerning this comprehensive regulatory framework, refer to part i, item 1 of this form 10-k.
on june 17, 2013, m&t and m&t bank entered into a written agreement with the federal reserve bank of new york. under the terms of the agreement, m&t and m&t bank were required to submit to the federal reserve bank of new york a revised compliance risk management program designed to ensure compliance with the bank secrecy act and anti-money-laundering laws and regulations ("bsa/aml") and to take certain other steps to enhance their compliance practices. m&t and m&t bank have since made substantial progress in implementing a bsa/aml program with significantly expanded scale and scope, as recognized by the board of governors of the federal reserve system in its order approving m&t and m&t bank's applications to acquire hudson city and hudson city savings bank. m&t and m&t bank are continuing to work towards the resolution of all outstanding issues in the written agreement.
fourth quarter results net income during the fourth quarter of 2016 was $331 million, up 22% from $271 million in the year-earlier quarter.  the final 2015 quarter reflected the impact of merger-related expenses associated with the acquisition of hudson city. there were no merger-related expenses in the fourth quarter of 2016. diluted and basic earnings per common share were each $1.98 in the final quarter of 2016, compared with diluted and basic earnings per common share of $1.65 in the year-earlier quarter.  the annualized rates of return on average assets and average common shareholders' equity for the fourth quarter of 2016 were 1.05% and 8.13%, respectively, compared with .93% and 7.22%, respectively, in the similar quarter of 2015.
net operating income totaled $336 million in the fourth quarter of 2016, compared with $338 million in the year-earlier quarter. diluted net operating earnings per common share were $2.01 and $2.09 in the fourth quarters of 2016 and 2015, respectively. the annualized net operating returns on average tangible assets and average tangible common equity in the final quarter of 2016 were 1.10% and 11.93%, respectively, compared with 1.21% and 13.26%, respectively, in the corresponding 2015 quarter. reconciliations of gaap results with non-gaap results for the quarterly periods of 2016 and 2015 are provided in table 24.
net interest income on a taxable-equivalent basis aggregated $883 million in the last quarter of 2016, 9% above $813 million recorded in the year-earlier period. that improvement was attributable to a 10% increase in average earning assets, which grew to $114.3 billion in the recent quarter from $103.6 billion in the fourth quarter of 2015. the growth in earning assets was largely the result of higher average loans, which rose to $90.0 billion in the fourth quarter of 2016, up $8.9 billion, or 11%, from $81.1 billion in the year-earlier quarter. partially offsetting the favorable impact of the asset growth was a four basis point narrowing of the net interest margin to 3.08% in the recent quarter from 3.12% in 2015's fourth quarter. average commercial loan and lease balances were $21.9 billion in the recent quarter, up $1.7 billion or 8% from $20.2 billion in the fourth quarter of 2015. commercial real estate loans averaged $32.8 billion in the fourth quarter of 2016, up $3.8 billion or 13% from $29.0 billion in the year-earlier quarter. the growth in commercial loans and commercial real estate loans reflects higher loan demand by customers. included in the commercial real estate loan portfolio were average balances of loans held for sale of $524 million in the final 2016 quarter, compared with $145 million in the year-earlier period. average residential real estate loans outstanding increased $2.7 billion to $23.1 billion in the recent quarter from $20.4 billion in the fourth quarter of 2015, reflecting the full-quarter impact of loans acquired in the hudson city acquisition, net of loan repayments during 2016. included in the residential real estate loan portfolio were average balances of loans held for sale of $410 million in the recent quarter, compared with $368 million in the fourth quarter of 2015. consumer loans averaged $12.1 billion in the recent quarter, up $576 million, or 5%, from $11.5 billion in the final 2015 quarter. that increase was primarily due to higher average balances of automobile and recreational vehicle loans. total loans and leases at december 31, 2016 rose $1.2 billion to $90.9
billion from $89.6 billion at september 30, 2016. that growth was predominantly attributable to an increase in outstanding commercial real estate loans. the net interest spread narrowed in the fourth quarter of 2016 to 2.88%, down six basis points from 2.94% in the last quarter of 2015. the yield on earning assets in the final 2016 quarter was 3.45%, down three basis points from the year-earlier quarter. that decline reflects the impact of higher average balances of relatively low-yielding interest-bearing deposits held at the federal reserve bank of new york and lower yields on investment securities. the rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities in the fourth quarter of 2016 was .57%, up three basis points from .54% in the similar 2015 quarter. that increase was largely due to higher rates paid on interest-bearing deposits, in part associated with time deposits obtained in the hudson city acquisition. the contribution of net interest-free funds to the company's net interest margin was .20% in the recent quarter, compared with .18% in the fourth 2015 quarter. as a result, the company's net interest margin narrowed to 3.08% in the final quarter of 2016 from 3.12% in the corresponding period of 2015.
the provision for credit losses in the final quarter of 2016 was $62 million, compared with $58 million in the year-earlier period. a $21 million provision for credit losses was recorded in the fourth quarter of 2015, in accordance with gaap, related to loans obtained in the acquisition of hudson city that had a fair value in excess of outstanding principal. gaap provides that an allowance for credit losses on such loans be recorded beyond the recognition of the fair value of the loans at the acquisition date. net loan charge-offs were $49 million in the recent quarter, representing an annualized .22% of average loans and leases outstanding, compared with $36 million or .18% during the fourth quarter of 2015. net charge-offs included: residential real estate loans of $5 million in the final 2016 quarter, compared with $2 million in 2015's fourth quarter; net charge-offs of commercial real estate loans of $1 million in the recent quarter, compared with net recoveries of $2 million in the year-earlier quarter; net charge-offs of commercial loans of $17 million in the fourth quarter of 2016, compared with net recoveries of $3 million in year-earlier quarter; and net charge-offs of consumer loans of $26 million in the recently completed quarter, compared with $39 million 2015's fourth quarter. net charge-offs of commercial loans and leases in the fourth quarter of 2016 included a $12 million charge-off associated with a multi-regional manufacturer of refractory brick and other castable products. reflected in net recoveries of previously charged-off commercial loans in the fourth quarter of 2015 were $10 million of recoveries from a motor vehicle-related parts wholesaler. net charge-offs of consumer loans in the fourth quarter of 2015 included a $20 million charge-off associated with a personal usage loan obtained in a previous acquisition.
other income aggregated $465 million in the three-month period ended december 31, 2016, up from $448 million in the similar period of 2015. that improvement resulted predominantly from higher mortgage banking revenues and trust income. the $11 million rise in mortgage banking revenues includes higher commercial mortgage banking revenues of $9 million resulting from increased loan origination and sales activities. the $7 million increase in trust income was primarily the result of higher revenues in the ics business reflecting increased fees earned from money-market funds and stronger sales activities.
during the fourth quarter of 2016, other expense aggregated $769 million, compared with $786 million in the similar 2015 quarter. included in such amounts are expenses considered to be "nonoperating" in nature consisting of amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets of $9 million and $10 million during the quarters ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and merger-related expenses of $76 million in the fourth quarter of 2015. exclusive of those nonoperating expenses, noninterest operating expenses were $760 million in the fourth quarter of 2016, compared with $701 million in the year-earlier quarter. the increased operating expenses in the recently completed quarter reflect the $30 million contribution to the m&t charitable foundation and higher expenses for salaries and employee benefits and fdic assessments. the recent quarter increase in salaries and employee benefits resulted largely from higher incentive
compensation costs as compared with 2015's fourth quarter. the company's efficiency ratio during the fourth quarters of 2016 and 2015 was 56.4% and 55.5%, respectively. table 24 includes a reconciliation of other expense to noninterest operating expense and the calculation of the efficiency ratio for each of the quarters of 2016 and 2015.
segment information in accordance with gaap, the company's reportable segments have been determined based upon its internal profitability reporting system, which is organized by strategic business unit. certain strategic business units have been combined for segment information reporting purposes where the nature of the products and services, the type of customer, and the distribution of those products and services are similar. the reportable segments are business banking, commercial banking, commercial real estate, discretionary portfolio, residential mortgage banking and retail banking.
the financial information of the company's segments was compiled utilizing the accounting policies described in note 22 of notes to financial statements. the management accounting policies and processes utilized in compiling segment financial information are highly subjective and, unlike financial accounting, are not based on authoritative guidance similar to gaap. as a result, reported segments and the financial information of the reported segments are not necessarily comparable with similar information reported by other financial institutions.  furthermore, changes in management structure or allocation methodologies and procedures may result in changes in reported segment financial data.  during 2016, the company revised its funds transfer pricing allocation related to borrowings and to the residential real estate loans obtained in the acquisition of hudson city, retroactive to 2015.  accordingly, financial information for the discretionary portfolio segment and the "all other" category for 2015 has been reclassified to conform to the current allocation methodology.  financial information about the company's segments, including the impact of the change noted above, is presented in note 22 of notes to financial statements.
the business banking segment provides a wide range of services to small businesses and professionals within markets served by the company through the company's branch network, business banking centers and other delivery channels such as telephone banking, internet banking and automated teller machines. services and products offered by this segment include various business loans and leases, including loans guaranteed by the small business administration, business credit cards, deposit products, and financial services such as cash management, payroll and direct deposit, merchant credit card and letters of credit. the business banking segment recorded net income of $93 million in 2016, compared with $99 million in 2015.  that 5% decline was attributable to higher centrally-allocated costs largely associated with the acquired hudson city operations, an increase in fdic assessments of $3 million and higher personnel costs and advertising and marketing expenses of $2 million each, offset, in part, by a $15 million rise in net interest income and a $3 million decline in the provision for credit losses.  the growth in net interest income reflected an increase in average outstanding deposit balances of $986 million.  net income for this segment also aggregated $99 million in 2014.  declines in 2015 in net interest income of $7 million and service charges on deposit accounts of $2 million were offset by a $3 million decrease in the provision for credit losses, due to lower net charge-offs, a $4 million increase in merchant discount and credit card fees and lower costs for fdic assessments of $2 million.  the decline in net interest income resulted from a narrowing of the net interest margin on deposits of 18 basis points offset, in part, by an increase in average outstanding deposit balances of $615 million.
the commercial banking segment provides a wide range of credit products and banking services for middle-market and large commercial customers, mainly within the markets served by the company. services provided by this segment include commercial lending and leasing, letters of credit, deposit products, and cash management services.  the commercial banking segment
contributed net income of $412 million in 2016, compared with $431 million in 2015.  that decline was due to the following factors:  lower letter of credit and other credit-related fees of $15 million, largely due to loan syndication fees; higher fdic assessments of $13 million; an increase in the provision for credit losses of $10 million; lower gains on the sale of previously leased equipment of $9 million; an increase in personnel costs of $5 million; and higher allocated operating expenses associated with data processing, risk management and other support services provided to the commercial banking segment.  those unfavorable factors were largely offset by a $32 million rise in net interest income and a $4 million increase in corporate advisory fees.  the higher net interest income resulted from higher average outstanding loan and deposit balances of $1.4 billion and $794 million, respectively.  net income for the commercial banking segment totaled $403 million in 2014.  the 7% improvement in net income in 2015 as compared with 2014 resulted from:  a $7 million rise in net interest income, reflecting growth in average outstanding loan and deposit balances of $1.3 billion and $569 million, respectively, partially offset by a narrowing of the net interest margin on loans and deposits of eight basis points and six basis points, respectively; increased gains from the sale of equipment previously leased to commercial customers of $15 million; higher credit-related and other fees of $8 million; and an $8 million decline in the provision for credit losses, reflecting a partial recovery of $10 million associated with a relationship with a motor vehicle-related parts wholesaler previously charged-off in 2013.
the commercial real estate segment provides credit and deposit services to its customers. real estate securing loans in this segment is generally located in new york state, maryland, new jersey, pennsylvania, delaware, connecticut, virginia, west virginia, the district of columbia and the western portion of the united states.  commercial real estate loans may be secured by apartment/multifamily buildings; office, retail and industrial space; or other types of collateral. activities of this segment also include the origination, sales and servicing of commercial real estate loans through the fannie mae dus program and other programs.  commercial real estate loans held for sale are included in this segment.  net income of the commercial real estate segment aggregated $350 million in 2016, up 3% from $341 million in 2015.  that improvement resulted from: a rise in net interest income of $30 million; higher mortgage banking revenues of $27 million, resulting from increased loan origination activities; and higher trading account and foreign exchange gains of $8 million, largely due to increased volumes of interest rate swap transactions executed by commercial customers.  those favorable factors were partially offset by increased fdic assessments of $14 million, a $10 million rise in personnel-related expenses, a $5 million increase in the provision for credit losses and higher allocated operating expenses associated with data processing, risk management and other support services provided to the commercial real estate segment.  the higher net interest income was attributable to a $2.3 billion increase in average loan balances and a 19 basis point widening of the net interest margin on deposits, offset, in part, by a 22 basis point narrowing of the net interest margin on loans.  net income for this segment was $316 million in 2014.  the 8% increase in net income in 2015 as compared with 2014 reflected increases in net interest income and mortgage banking revenues.  the $23 million rise in net interest income resulted largely from increases in average outstanding loan and deposit balances of $1.4 billion and $393 million, respectively, partially offset by a narrowing of the net interest margin on deposits and loans of 11 basis points and six basis points, respectively.  the increase in mortgage banking revenues of $13 million was largely reflective of an increase in loans originated for sale and higher servicing revenues.
the discretionary portfolio segment includes investment and trading account securities, residential real estate loans (including those obtained in the hudson city acquisition) and other assets; short-term and long-term borrowed funds; brokered deposits; and cayman islands office deposits.  this segment also provides foreign exchange services to customers.  the discretionary portfolio segment recorded net income of $164 million in 2016 and $59 million in 2015.  reflected
in 2016's results were pre-tax investment securities gains of $30 million from the sale of the company's collateralized debt obligations.  in addition to the investment securities gains, the improved performance of this segment in 2016 as compared with 2015 was due to a $248 million rise in net interest income, which reflects the impact of the acquisition of hudson city.  those favorable factors were partially offset by increases of $25 million in the provision for credit losses and $16 million in fdic assessments, and higher loan and other real estate servicing costs.  net income contributed by the discretionary portfolio segment totaled $48 million in 2014.  the higher net income in 2015 as compared with 2014 reflected the impact of the residential real estate loans obtained in the november 1, 2015 acquisition of hudson city.  partially offsetting the favorable impact of those loans on net interest income was a 27 basis point narrowing of the net interest margin on investment securities, resulting from the company's allocation of funding charges associated with those assets.  a $9 million year-over-year decline in the provision for credit losses also contributed to the improvement in the segment's net income.  those favorable factors were partially offset by higher loan servicing and other costs.
the residential mortgage banking segment originates and services residential mortgage loans and sells substantially all of those loans in the secondary market to investors or to the discretionary portfolio segment.  in addition to the geographic regions served by or contiguous with the company's branch network, the company maintains mortgage loan origination offices in several western states.  the company periodically purchases the rights to service loans and also sub-services residential real estate loans for others. residential real estate loans held for sale are included in this segment.  the residential mortgage banking segment's net income declined 10% to $80 million in 2016 from $89 million in 2015. that decline reflected lower revenues from servicing residential real estate loans for unaffiliated parties of $23 million, offset, in part, by a $7 million rise in net interest income and increased intersegment revenues.  net income for the residential mortgage banking segment in 2015 was up 5% from $85 million in 2014.  the improved performance in 2015 resulted from lower amortization of capitalized servicing rights of $19 million (reflecting lower prepayment trends), partially offset by increased professional services, personnel costs and centrally-allocated loan servicing expenses.
the retail banking segment offers a variety of services to consumers through several delivery channels which include branch offices, automated teller machines, and telephone, mobile and internet banking. the company has branch offices in new york state, maryland, new jersey, pennsylvania, delaware, connecticut, virginia, west virginia and the district of columbia. credit services offered by this segment include consumer installment loans, automobile loans (originated both directly and indirectly through dealers), home equity loans and lines of credit and credit cards. the segment also offers to its customers deposit products, including demand, savings and time accounts; investment products, including mutual funds and annuities; and other services.  net income for the retail banking segment was $275 million in 2016, up 3% from $268 million in 2015.  an increase in net interest income of $157 million, predominantly due to the impact of deposits obtained in the acquisition of hudson city, was largely offset by the following unfavorable factors:  a $47 million rise in the provision for credit losses, including the accelerated partial charge-offs of $32 million recognized on loans for which the customer was either bankrupt or deceased; increases in expenses for personnel, equipment and net occupancy, and advertising and marketing of $45 million, $18 million and $11 million, respectively, that include the impact of the expanded operations associated with the acquisition of hudson city; higher fdic assessments of $10 million; and higher allocated operating expenses associated with data processing, risk management and other support services provided from centralized service areas.  this segment's net income declined 2% in 2015 from $273 million in 2014.  an $8 million rise in net interest income, largely due to increases in average outstanding loan balances, and a $4 million decline in the provision for credit losses, largely due to lower net charge-offs, were more than offset by a $6 million decline in fees earned for
providing deposit account services, a $5 million decrease in servicing revenues related to securitized automobile loans, and higher operating expenses, including expenses associated with operations added in the hudson city acquisition.
the "all other" category reflects other activities of the company that are not directly attributable to the reported segments.  reflected in this category are the amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets resulting from the acquisitions of financial institutions, m&t's share of the operating losses of blg, merger-related expenses resulting from acquisitions and the net impact of the company's allocation methodologies for internal transfers for funding charges and credits associated with the earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities of the company's reportable segments, and the provision for credit losses.  the "all other" category also includes trust income of the company that reflects the ics and was business activities.  the various components of the "all other" category resulted in net losses of $58 million, $206 million and $158 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  reflected in 2015's results was the $45 million pre-tax gain related to the sale of the trade processing business within the retirement services division.  the improved performance in 2016 as compared with 2015 was predominantly due to the favorable impact from the company's allocation methodologies for internal transfers for funding charges and credits associated with earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities of the company's reportable segments and a $61 million decrease in merger-related expenses associated with the acquisition of hudson city.  the most significant factors contributing to the unfavorable performance in 2015 as compared with 2014 include:  higher personnel-related expenses, including the impact of merger-related expenses and increased pension costs; a decline in trust income, predominantly due to the impact of the april 2015 sale of the trade processing business; and higher charitable contributions.  those unfavorable factors were offset, in part, by lower professional services costs, largely related to elevated 2014 costs associated with bsa/aml and other company-wide initiatives, the $45 million gain from the sale of the trade processing business, and the favorable impact from the company's allocation methodologies.
recent accounting developments a discussion of recent accounting developments is included in note 26 of notes to financial statements.
forward-looking statements management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and other sections of this annual report contain forward-looking statements that are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the company's business, management's beliefs and assumptions made by management. forward-looking statements are typically identified by words such as "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "intend," "target," "estimate," "continue," "positions," "prospects" or "potential," by future conditional verbs such as "will," "would," "should," "could," or "may," or by variations of such words or by similar expressions. these statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions ("future factors") which are difficult to predict. therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in such forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and the company assumes no duty to update forward-looking statements.
future factors include changes in interest rates, spreads on earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, and interest rate sensitivity; prepayment speeds, loan originations, credit losses and market values of loans, collateral securing loans and other assets; sources of liquidity; common shares
outstanding; common stock price volatility; fair value of and number of stock-based compensation awards to be issued in future periods; the impact of changes in market values on trust-related revenues; legislation and/or regulation affecting the financial services industry as a whole, and m&t and its subsidiaries individually or collectively, including tax legislation or regulation; regulatory supervision and oversight, including monetary policy and capital requirements; changes in accounting policies or procedures as may be required by the fasb or regulatory agencies; increasing price and product/service competition by competitors, including new entrants; rapid technological developments and changes; the ability to continue to introduce competitive new products and services on a timely, cost-effective basis; the mix of products/services; containing costs and expenses; governmental and public policy changes; protection and validity of intellectual property rights; reliance on large customers; technological, implementation and cost/financial risks in large, multi-year contracts; the outcome of pending and future litigation and governmental proceedings, including tax-related examinations and other matters; continued availability of financing; financial resources in the amounts, at the times and on the terms required to support m&t and its subsidiaries' future businesses; and material differences in the actual financial results of merger, acquisition and investment activities compared with m&t's initial expectations, including the full realization of anticipated cost savings and revenue enhancements.
these are representative of the future factors that could affect the outcome of the forward-looking statements. in addition, such statements could be affected by general industry and market conditions and growth rates, general economic and political conditions, either nationally or in the states in which m&t and its subsidiaries do business, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations, changes and trends in the securities markets, and other future factors.
less: provision for credit losses                         62,000                 47,000                 32,000                 49,000              58,000                 44,000                 30,000                 38,000
income before income taxes                               517,503                557,023                536,700                474,134             417,396                440,958                459,547                381,254
diluted per common share data basic earnings                                             $1.98                   2.10                   1.98                   1.74                1.65                   1.94                   1.99                   1.66
performance ratios, annualized return on average assets                                              1.05   %               1.12   %               1.09   %                .97   %             .93   %               1.13   %               1.18   %               1.02   %
average common shareholders' equity                         8.13   %               8.68   %               8.38   %               7.44   %            7.22   %               8.93   %               9.37   %               7.99   %
net interest margin on average earning assets               3.08   %               3.05   %               3.13   %               3.18   %            3.12   %               3.14   %               3.17   %               3.17   %
annualized return on average tangible assets                                     1.10   %               1.18   %               1.18   %               1.09   %            1.21   %               1.18   %               1.24   %               1.08   %
average tangible common shareholders' equity               11.93   %              12.77   %              12.68   %              11.62   %           13.26   %              12.98   %              13.76   %              11.90   %
efficiency ratio(b)                                        56.42   %              55.92   %              55.06   %              57.00   %           55.53   %              57.05   %              58.23   %              61.46   %
balance sheet data in millions, except per share average balances total assets(c)                                         $125,734                124,725                123,706                123,252             115,052                 98,515                 97,598                 95,892
total tangible assets(c)                                 121,079                120,064                119,039                118,577             110,772                 94,989                 94,067                 92,346
earning assets                                           114,254                112,864                111,872                111,211             103,587                 88,446                 87,333                 85,212
investment securities                                     15,417                 14,361                 14,914                 15,348              15,786                 14,441                 14,195                 13,376
deposits                                                  96,914                 95,852                 94,033                 92,391              85,657                 73,821                 72,958                 71,698
common shareholders' equity(c)                            15,181                 15,115                 15,145                 15,047              13,775                 11,555                 11,404                 11,227
tangible common shareholders' equity(c)                   10,526                 10,454                 10,478                 10,372               9,495                  8,029                  7,873                  7,681
at end of quarter total assets(c)                                         $123,449                126,841                123,821                124,626             122,788                 97,797                 97,080                 98,378
total tangible assets(c)                                 118,797                122,183                119,157                119,955             118,109                 94,272                 93,552                 94,834
earning assets                                           112,192                115,293                112,057                113,005             110,802                 87,807                 86,990                 87,959
investment securities                                     16,250                 14,734                 14,963                 15,467              15,656                 14,495                 14,752                 14,393
deposits                                                  95,494                 98,137                 94,650                 94,215              91,958                 72,945                 72,630                 73,594
common shareholders' equity, net of                       15,252                 15,106                 15,237                 15,120              14,939                 11,687                 11,433                 11,294
tangible common shareholders' equity(c)                   10,600                 10,448                 10,573                 10,449              10,260                  8,162                  7,905                  7,750
equity per common share                                    97.64                  97.47                  96.49                  95.00               93.60                  87.67                  85.90                  84.95
tangible equity per common share                           67.85                  67.42                  66.95                  65.65               64.28                  61.22                  59.39                  58.29
market price per common share high                                                     $158.35                 120.40                 121.11                 119.24              127.39                 134.00                 128.70                 129.58
(a)   excludes amortization and balances related to goodwill and core deposit and other intangible assets and merger-related expenses which, except in the calculation of the efficiency ratio, are net of applicable income tax effects. a reconciliation of net income and net operating income appears in table 24.
(b)   excludes impact of merger-related expenses and net securities transactions.
(c)   the difference between total assets and total tangible assets, and common shareholders' equity and tangible common shareholders' equity, represents goodwill, core deposit and other intangible assets, net of applicable deferred tax balances. a reconciliation of such balances appears in table 24.
fourth                   third                   second                   first                fourth                   third                   second                   first income statement data dollars in thousands, except per share net income net income                                                        $330,571                 349,984                  336,031                 298,528               270,965                 280,401                  286,688                 241,613
amortization of core deposit and other intangible                    5,524                   5,945                    6,936                   7,488                 5,828                   2,506                    3,653                   4,163
assets(a)
amortization of core deposit and other intangible                      .03                     .03                      .04                     .05                   .04                     .02                      .03                     .03
assets(a)
amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets            (9,089   )              (9,787   )              (11,418   )             (12,319   )            (9,576   )              (4,090   )               (5,965   )              (6,793   )
merger-related expenses salaries and employee benefits                                          $-                       -                       60                   5,274                51,287                       -                        -                       -
outside data processing and software                                     -                       -                      352                     715                   785                       -                        -                       -
advertising and marketing                                                -                       -                    6,327                   4,195                    79                       -                        -                       -
other costs of operations                                                -                       -                    4,970                  11,102                23,318                       -                        -                       -
provision for credit losses                                              -                       -                        -                       -                21,000                       -                        -                       -
efficiency ratio noninterest operating expense (numerator)                         $760,014                 742,605                  725,884                 740,614               700,561                 649,726                  690,663                 679,582
less: gain (loss) on bank investment securities                      1,566                  28,480                      264                       4                   (22   )                   -                      (10   )                 (98   )
efficiency ratio                                                     56.42   %               55.92   %                55.06   %               57.00   %             55.53   %               57.05   %                58.23   %               61.46   %
balance sheet data in millions average assets average assets                                                    $125,734                 124,725                  123,706                 123,252               115,052                  98,515                   97,598                  95,892
core deposit and other intangible assets                              (102   )                (112   )                 (122   )                (134   )              (101   )                 (20   )                  (25   )                 (31   )
average tangible assets                                           $121,079                 120,064                  119,039                 118,577               110,772                  94,989                   94,067                  92,346
average common equity average total equity                                               $16,673                  16,347                   16,377                  16,279                15,007                  12,787                   12,636                  12,459
average common equity                                               15,181                  15,115                   15,145                  15,047                13,775                  11,555                   11,404                  11,227
core deposit and other intangible assets                              (102   )                (112   )                 (122   )                (134   )              (101   )                 (20   )                  (25   )                 (31   )
average tangible common equity                                     $10,526                  10,454                   10,478                  10,372                 9,495                   8,029                    7,873                   7,681
at end of quarter total assets total assets                                                      $123,449                 126,841                  123,821                 124,626               122,788                  97,797                   97,080                  98,378
core deposit and other intangible assets                               (98   )                (107   )                 (117   )                (128   )              (140   )                 (18   )                  (22   )                 (28   )
total tangible assets                                             $118,797                 122,183                  119,157                 119,955               118,109                  94,272                   93,552                  94,834
total common equity total equity                                                       $16,487                  16,341                   16,472                  16,355                16,173                  12,922                   12,668                  12,528
common equity, net of undeclared cumulative                         15,252                  15,106                   15,237                  15,120                14,939                  11,687                   11,433                  11,294
core deposit and other intangible assets                               (98   )                (107   )                 (117   )                (128   )              (140   )                 (18   )                  (22   )                 (28   )
total tangible common equity                                       $10,600                  10,448                   10,573                  10,449                10,260                   8,162                    7,905                   7,750