item 1a. risk factors.
the risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business. if any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, or operating results could be adversely affected.
risks relating to our business economic conditions and market factors, which are beyond our control, may adversely affect our business and financial condition.
our business performance is impacted by a number of factors, including general economic conditions in both the u.s. and europe, market volatility, changes in investment patterns and priorities, and other factors that are generally beyond our control. to the extent that global or national economic conditions weaken, our business is likely to be negatively impacted. adverse market conditions could reduce customer demand for our services and the ability of our customers, lenders and other counterparties to meet their obligations to us. poor economic conditions may result in a decline in trading volumes or values, deterioration of the economic welfare of our listed companies and a reduction in the demand for our products, including our data, index, corporate solutions and market technology products. trading volumes and values are driven primarily by general market conditions and declines in trading volumes or values may affect our market share and impact our pricing. in addition, our market services businesses receive revenues from a relatively small number of customers concentrated in the financial industry, so any event that impacts one or more customers or the financial industry in general could impact our revenues.
the number of listings on our markets is primarily influenced by factors such as investor demand, the global economy, available sources of financing, and tax and regulatory policies. adverse conditions may jeopardize the ability of our listed companies to comply with the continued listing requirements of our exchanges.
information services revenues also may be significantly affected by global economic conditions. professional subscriptions to our data products are at risk if staff reductions occur in financial services companies, which could result in significant reductions in our professional user revenue. in addition, adverse market conditions may cause reductions in the number of non-professional investors with investments in the market and in etp assets under management tracking nasdaq indexes.
finally, there may be less demand for our corporate solutions or market technology products if global economic conditions are weak.
a reduction in trading volumes or values, market share of trading, the number of our listed companies, or demand for information services, corporate solutions or market technology products due to economic conditions or other market factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.
our industry is highly competitive.
we face intense competition from other exchanges and markets for market share of trading activity and listings. in addition, our data products, index licensing and services, corporate solutions and market technology businesses face significant competition from other market participants. this competition includes both product and price competition. increased competition may result in a decline in our share of trading activity, listings and demand for the products we offer, thereby adversely affecting our operating results.
the liberalization and globalization of world markets has resulted in greater mobility of capital, greater international participation in local markets and more competition. as a result, both in the u.s. and in other countries, the competition among exchanges and other execution venues has become more intense. in the last several decades, many marketplaces in both europe and the u.s. have demutualized to provide greater flexibility for future growth. marketplaces in both europe and the u.s. have also merged to achieve greater economies of scale
and scope. the proposed mergers of the lse with deutsche börse a.g. and of cboe with bats are two current examples of pending consolidation among marketplaces.
regulatory changes, such as mifid, also have facilitated the entry of new participants in the european union that compete with our european markets. the regulatory environment, both in the u.s. and in europe, is structured to maintain this environment of intense competition. in addition, a high proportion of business in the securities markets is becoming concentrated in a smaller number of institutions and our revenue may therefore become concentrated in a smaller number of customers.
we also compete globally with other regulated exchanges and markets, atss, mtfs and other traditional and non-traditional execution venues. some of these competitors also are our customers. competitors may develop market trading platforms that are more competitive than ours. competitors may enter into strategic partnerships, mergers or acquisitions that could make their trading, listings, clearing, data or technology businesses more competitive than ours.
if we are unable to compete successfully in this environment, our business, financial condition and operating results will be adversely affected.
price competition has affected and could continue to affect our business.
we face intense price competition in all areas of our business. in particular, the trading industry is characterized by intense price competition. we have in the past lowered prices, and in the u.s., increased rebates for trade executions to attempt to gain or maintain market share. these strategies have not always been successful and have at times hurt operating performance. additionally, we have also been, and may once again be, required to adjust pricing to respond to actions by competitors, which could adversely impact operating results. we are also subject to potential price competition from new competitors and from new and existing competitors. we also compete with respect to the pricing of data products and with respect to products for pre-trade book data and for post-trade last sale data. in the future, our competitors may offer rebates for quotes and trades on their systems. in addition, pricing in our corporate services, index licensing and services and market technology businesses is subject to competitive pressures. if we are unable to compete successfully in respect to the pricing of our services and products, our business, financial condition and operating results may be adversely affected.
system limitations or failures could harm our business.
our businesses depend on the integrity and performance of the technology, computer and communications systems supporting them. if our systems cannot expand to cope with increased demand or otherwise fail to perform, we could experience unanticipated disruptions in service, slower response times and delays in the introduction of new products and services. these consequences could result in service outages, lower trading volumes or values, financial losses, decreased customer service and satisfaction and regulatory sanctions. our markets and the markets that rely on our technology have experienced systems failures and delays in the past and could experience future systems failures and delays.
although we currently maintain and expect to maintain multiple computer facilities that are designed to provide redundancy and back-up to reduce the risk of system disruptions and have facilities in place that are expected to maintain service during a system disruption, such systems and facilities may prove inadequate. if trading volumes increase unexpectedly or other unanticipated events occur, we may need to expand and upgrade our technology, transaction processing systems and network infrastructure. we do not know whether we will be able to accurately project the rate, timing or cost of any increases, or expand and upgrade our systems and infrastructure to accommodate any increases in a timely manner.
while we have programs in place to identify and minimize our exposure to vulnerabilities and work in collaboration with the technology industry to share corrective measures with our business partners, we cannot guarantee that such events will not occur in the future. any system issue that causes an interruption in services, decreases the responsiveness of our services or otherwise affects our services could impair our reputation, damage our brand name and negatively impact our business, financial condition and operating results.
we must continue to introduce new products, initiatives and enhancements to maintain our competitive position.
we intend to launch new products and initiatives and continue to explore and pursue opportunities to strengthen our business and grow our company. we may spend substantial time and money developing new products and initiatives. if these products and initiatives are not successful, we may not be able to offset their costs, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
in our technology operations, we have invested substantial amounts in the development of system platforms and in the rollout of our platforms. although investments are carefully planned, there can be no assurance that the demand for such platforms will justify the related investments and that the future levels of transactions executed on these platforms will be sufficient to generate an acceptable return on such investments. if we fail to generate adequate revenue from planned system platforms, or if we fail to do so within the envisioned timeframe, it could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. in addition, clients may delay purchases in anticipation of new products or enhancements.
trading and clearing volumes and values are directly affected by economic, political and market conditions, broad trends in business and finance, unforeseen market closures or other disruptions in trading, the level and volatility of interest rates, inflation, changes in price levels of securities and the overall level of investor confidence. in recent years, trading and
clearing volumes and values across our markets have fluctuated significantly depending on market conditions and other factors beyond our control. current initiatives being considered by regulators and governments could have a material adverse effect on overall trading and clearing volumes or values. because a significant percentage of our revenues is tied directly to the volume or value of securities traded and cleared on our markets, it is likely that a general decline in trading and clearing volumes or values would lower revenues and may adversely affect our operating results if we are unable to offset falling volumes or values through pricing changes. declines in trading and clearing volumes or values may also impact our market share or pricing structures and adversely affect our business and financial condition.
if our total market share in securities continues to decrease relative to our competitors, our venues may be viewed as less attractive sources of liquidity. if growth in overall trading volume or value of these securities does not offset continued declines in our market share, or if our exchanges are perceived to be less liquid, then our business, financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected.
since some of our exchanges offer clearing services in addition to trading services, a decline in market share of trading could lead to a decline in clearing revenues. declines in market share also could result in issuers viewing the value of a listing on our exchanges as less attractive, thereby adversely affecting our listing business. finally, declines in market share of nasdaq-listed securities could lower the nasdaq stock market's share of tape pool revenues under the consolidated data plans, thereby reducing the revenues of our data products business.
our role in the global marketplace may place us at greater risk for a cyberattack or other security incidents.
our systems and operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption from security breaches, hacking, data theft, denial of service attacks, human error, natural disasters, power loss, fire, sabotage, terrorism, computer viruses, intentional acts of vandalism and similar events. given our position in the global securities industry, we may be more likely than other companies to be a direct target, or an indirect casualty, of such events.
while we continue to employ resources to monitor our systems and protect our infrastructure, these measures may prove insufficient depending upon the attack or threat posed. any system issue, whether as a result of an intentional breach or a natural disaster, could damage our reputation and cause us to lose customers, experience lower trading volumes or values, incur significant liabilities or otherwise have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and operating results. any system breach may go undetected for an extended period of time. we also could incur significant expense in addressing any of these problems and in addressing related data security and privacy concerns.
the success of our business depends on our ability to keep up with rapid technological and other competitive changes affecting our industry. specifically, we must complete development of, successfully implement and maintain platforms that have the functionality, performance, capacity, reliability and speed required by our business and our regulators, as well as by our customers.
the markets in which we compete are characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry and regulatory standards, frequent enhancements to existing products and services, the adoption of new services and products and changing customer demands. we may not be able to keep up with rapid technological and other competitive changes affecting our industry. for example, we must continue to enhance our platforms to remain competitive as well as to address our regulatory responsibilities, and our business will be negatively affected if our platforms or the technology solutions we sell to our customers fail to function as expected. if we are unable to develop our platforms to include other products and markets, or if our platforms do not have the required functionality, performance, capacity, reliability and speed required by our business and our regulators, as well as by our customers, we may not be able to compete successfully. further, our failure to anticipate or respond adequately to changes in technology and customer preferences or any significant delays in product development efforts, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
we may not be able to successfully integrate acquired businesses, which may result in an inability to realize the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions.
•   difficulties, costs or complications in combining the companies' operations, including technology platforms, which could lead to us not achieving the synergies we anticipate or customers not renewing their contracts with us as we migrate platforms;
•   incompatibility of systems and operating methods;
•   reliance on a deal partner for transition services, including billing services;
•   inability to use capital assets efficiently to develop the business of the combined company;
•   difficulties of complying with government-imposed regulations in the u.s. and abroad, which may be conflicting;
•   the diversion of management's attention from ongoing business concerns and other strategic opportunities;
•   difficulties in operating acquired businesses in parallel with similar businesses that we operated previously;
•   the implementation of disclosure controls, internal controls and financial reporting systems at non-u.s. subsidiaries to enable us to comply with u.s. gaap and u.s. securities laws and regulations, including the sarbanes oxley act of 2002, required as a result of our status as a reporting company under the exchange act;
•   possible tax costs or inefficiencies associated with integrating the operations of a combined company;
for these reasons, we may not achieve the anticipated financial and strategic benefits from our acquisitions and initiatives. any actual cost savings and synergies may be lower than we expect and may take a longer time to achieve than we anticipate, and we may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions.
we will need to invest in our operations to maintain and grow our business and to integrate acquisitions, and we may need additional funds, which may not be readily available.
we depend on the availability of adequate capital to maintain and develop our business. although we believe that we can meet our current capital requirements from internally generated funds, cash on hand and available borrowings under our revolving credit facility, if the capital and credit markets experience volatility, access to capital or credit may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. limited access to capital or credit in the future could have an impact on our ability to refinance debt, maintain our credit rating, meet our regulatory capital requirements, engage in strategic initiatives, make acquisitions or strategic investments in other companies or react to changing economic and business conditions. if we are unable to fund our capital or credit requirements, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
in addition to our debt obligations, we will need to continue to invest in our operations for the foreseeable future to integrate acquired businesses and to fund new initiatives. if we do not achieve the expected operating results, we will need to reallocate our cash resources. this may include borrowing additional funds to service debt payments, which may impair our ability to make investments in our business or to integrate acquired businesses.
should we need to raise funds through issuing additional equity, our equity holders will suffer dilution. should we need to raise funds through incurring additional debt, we may become subject to covenants even more restrictive than those contained in our credit facilities, the indentures governing our notes and our other debt instruments. furthermore, if adverse economic conditions occur, we could experience decreased revenues from our operations which could affect our ability to satisfy financial and other restrictive covenants to which we are subject under our existing indebtedness.
we operate in a highly regulated industry and may be subject to censures, fines and enforcement proceedings if we fail to comply with regulatory obligations that can be ambiguous and can change unexpectedly.
we operate in a highly regulated industry and are subject to extensive regulation in the u.s., europe and canada. the securities trading industry is subject to significant regulatory oversight and could be subject to increased governmental and public scrutiny in the future that can change in response to global conditions and events.
our ability to comply with complex and changing regulation is largely dependent on our establishment and maintenance of compliance, audit and reporting systems that can quickly adapt and respond, as well as our ability to attract and retain qualified compliance and other risk management personnel. while we have policies and procedures to identify, monitor and manage our risks and regulatory obligations, we cannot assure you that our policies and procedures will always be effective or that we will always be successful in monitoring or evaluating the risks to which we are or may be exposed.
our regulated markets are subject to audits, investigations, administrative proceedings and enforcement actions relating to compliance with applicable rules and regulations. regulators have broad powers to impose fines, penalties or censure, issue cease-and-desist orders, prohibit operations, revoke licenses or registrations and impose other sanctions on our exchanges, broker-dealers and markets for violations of applicable requirements.
for example, during 2016, the sfsa and the other nordic financial supervisory authorities conducted investigations of cybersecurity processes at our nordic exchanges and clearinghouse. in december 2016, we were issued a $6 million fine by the sfsa as a result of findings in connection with its investigation. the sfsa's conclusions related to governance issues rather than systems and platform security. we have appealed the sfsa's decision, including the amount of the fine.
in the future, we could be subject to sec or other regulatory investigations or enforcement proceedings that could result in substantial sanctions, including revocation of our operating licenses. any such investigations or proceedings, whether successful or unsuccessful, could result in substantial costs, the diversion of resources, including management time, and potential harm to our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. in addition, our exchanges could be required to modify or restructure their regulatory functions in response to any changes in the regulatory environment, or they may be required to rely on third parties to perform regulatory and oversight functions, each of which may require us to incur substantial expenses and may harm our reputation if our regulatory services are deemed inadequate.
the regulatory framework under which we operate and new regulatory requirements or new interpretations of existing regulatory requirements could require substantial time and resources for compliance, which could make it difficult and costly for us to operate our business.
under current u.s. federal securities laws, changes in the rules and operations of our securities markets, including our pricing structure, must be reviewed and in many cases explicitly approved by the sec. the sec may approve, disapprove, or recommend changes to proposals that we submit. in addition, the sec may delay either the approval process or the initiation of the public comment process. any delay in approving changes, or the altering of any proposed change, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. we must compete not only with atss that are not subject to the same sec approval process but also with other exchanges that may have lower regulation and surveillance costs than us. there is a risk that trading will shift to exchanges that charge lower fees because, among other reasons, they spend significantly less on regulation. in addition, favorable sec rulings and interpretations can be challenged in and reversed by federal courts of appeals, reducing or eliminating the value of such prior interpretations.
in addition, our registered broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to regulation by the sec, finra and other sros. these subsidiaries are subject to regulatory requirements intended to ensure their general financial soundness and liquidity, which require that they comply with certain minimum capital requirements. the sec and finra impose rules that require notification when a broker-dealer's net capital falls below certain predefined criteria, dictate the ratio of debt to equity in the regulatory capital composition of a broker-dealer and constrain the ability of a broker-dealer to expand its business under certain circumstances. additionally, the sec's uniform net capital rule and finra rules impose certain requirements that may have the effect of prohibiting a broker-dealer from distributing or withdrawing capital and requiring prior notice to the sec and finra for certain withdrawals of capital. any failure to comply with these broker-dealer regulations could have a material adverse effect on the operation of our business, financial condition and operating results.
our non-u.s. business is subject to regulatory oversight in all the countries in which we operate regulated businesses, such as exchanges, clearinghouses or central securities depositories. the non-u.s. countries in which we currently operate or share ownership in regulated businesses include canada, sweden, finland, denmark, iceland, estonia, lithuania, latvia, norway, armenia, the netherlands and the united kingdom. in all the aforementioned countries, we have received authorization from the relevant authorities to conduct our regulated business activities. the authorities may revoke this authorization if we do not suitably carry out our regulated business activities. the authorities are also entitled to request that we adopt measures in order to ensure that we continue to fulfill the authorities' requirements.
furthermore, certain of our customers operate in a highly regulated industry. regulatory authorities could impose regulatory changes that could impact the ability of our customers to use our exchanges. the loss of a significant number of customers or a reduction in trading activity on any of our exchanges as a result of such changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
regulatory changes adopted by the sec or other regulators of our markets, and regulatory changes that our markets may adopt in fulfillment of their regulatory obligations, could materially affect our business operations. in recent years, there has been increased regulatory and governmental focus on issues affecting the securities markets, including market structure and technological oversight. the sec, finra and the national securities exchanges have introduced several initiatives to ensure the oversight, integrity and resilience of markets.
in 2015, the sec created an equity market structure advisory committee to consider and opine on market structure issues relevant to nasdaq's three u.s. equities markets. within the past year, the advisory committee held three meetings and discussed a wide range of issues, including order routing, best execution, access fees and maker-taker pricing, market data fees, and securities information processors. the advisory committee has recommended that the sec conduct an access fee pilot that could limit the ability of nasdaq's three cash equities exchanges to assess fees and could impact the overall revenue of these exchanges. additionally, the sec recently extended the announced sunset of this advisory committee from february 2017 to august 2017, and further extensions are possible. while these discussions may impact nasdaq's
business in the future, it is too early to determine which, if any, of the advisory committee recommendations the commission will propose, adopt and implement.
future mifid ii and mifir rules could affect our operations in europe. in addition, actions on any of the specific regulatory issues currently under review in the u.s. and europe could have a material impact on our business.
while we support regulatory efforts to review and improve the structure, resilience and integrity of the markets, the adoption of these proposed regulatory changes and future reforms could impose significant costs and obligations on the operation of our exchanges and processor systems and have other impacts on our business.
regulatory and legal developments could reduce the amount of revenue that we earn from our proprietary data products. in the u.s., we generally are required to file with the sec to establish or modify the fees that we charge for our data products. in recent years, certain industry groups have objected to the ability of exchanges to charge for certain data products. we have defeated two challenges in federal appeals court and an additional challenge at the administrative level within the sec. however, the industry challengers have sought additional review of that administrative decision by the full sec. that sec review remains pending and, when resolved, it may be appealed to a federal court of appeals. if the results of the full sec review and any subsequent appeal are detrimental to our u.s. exchanges' ability to charge for data products, there could be a negative impact on our revenues. we cannot predict whether, or in what form, any regulatory changes will be implemented, or their potential impact on our business. a determination by the sec, for example, to link data fees to marginal costs, to take a more active role in the data rate-setting process, or to reduce the current levels of data fees could have an adverse effect on our data products revenues.
in canada, all new marketplace fees and changes to existing fees, including trading and data fees, must be filed with and approved by the ontario securities commission. in 2016, the canadian securities administrators approved amendments that impose a fee cap for trading fees and the adoption of a data fees methodology that restricts the total amount of fees that can be charged by all marketplaces to a reference level that is not yet defined. until this reference is established, increases in market data fees will not be permitted. when a reference is established, all marketplaces will be subject to annual reviews of their market data fees tying market data revenues to market share.
our european exchanges currently offer data products to customers on a non-discriminatory and reasonable commercial basis. it is expected that the future mifid ii rules will result in a definition of the term "reasonable commercial basis." there is a risk that the final wording of this definition may influence the fees for european data products adversely. in addition any future actions by the european commission or european court decisions could affect our ability to offer data products in the same manner that we do today thereby causing an adverse effect on our data products revenues.
on august 22, 2013, we experienced an outage in the exclusive processor system we maintain and operate on behalf of all exchanges that trade nasdaq-listed stocks that resulted in a market-wide trading halt lasting approximately three hours. following this system outage, the sec and others evaluated all infrastructure that is critical to the national market system, including the processor systems. nasdaq, as technology provider to the utp operating committee, proposed, received approval for, and implemented measures to enhance the resiliency of the existing processor system. additionally, the utp operating committee recently approved nasdaq's proposal to transfer the processor technology from its current enhanced platform to nasdaq's inet platform. the migration, which was completed in late 2016, further enhanced the resiliency of the processor systems. if, despite these improvement measures, future outages occur or the processor systems fail to function properly while we are operating the systems, it could have an adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition or operating results.
the market for listings is dependent on the prosperity of companies and the availability of risk capital. although the market for listings over the past couple of years was strong, stagnation or decline in the number of new listings on the nasdaq stock market and the nasdaq nordic and nasdaq baltic exchanges will impact our revenues. we recognize revenue from new listings on the nasdaq stock market on a straight-line basis over an estimated six-year service period. as a result, a stagnant market for listings could cause a decrease in revenues for future years. furthermore, a prolonged decrease in the number of listings could negatively impact the growth of our transactions revenues. our corporate solutions business is also impacted by declines in the listings market or increases in acquisitions activity as there will be fewer publicly-traded customers that need our products.
any reduction in our credit rating could increase the cost of our funding from the capital markets.
our long-term debt is currently rated investment grade by two of the major rating agencies. these rating agencies regularly evaluate us and their ratings of our long-term debt are based on a number of factors, including our financial strength and corporate development activity as well as factors not entirely within our control, including conditions affecting the financial services industry generally. there can be no assurance that we will maintain our current ratings. our failure to maintain those ratings could adversely affect the cost and other terms upon which we are able to obtain funding and increase our cost of
capital. a reduction in credit ratings would also result in increases in the cost of our outstanding debt as the interest rate on the outstanding amounts under our credit facilities and most tranches of our senior notes fluctuates based on our credit ratings.
one of our competitive strengths is our strong reputation and brand name. various issues may give rise to reputational risk, including issues relating to:
•   our ability to maintain the security of our data and systems;
•   the quality and reliability of our technology platforms and systems;
•   the ability to fulfill our regulatory obligations;
•   the ability to execute our business plan, key initiatives or new business ventures and the ability to keep up with changing customer demand;
•   the quality of our corporate governance structure;
•   the quality of our products, including the reliability of our transaction-based, corporate solutions and market technology products, the accuracy of the quote and trade information provided by our data products business and the accuracy of calculations used by our index licensing and services business for indexes and unit investment trusts;
•   the quality of our disclosure controls or internal controls over financial reporting, including any failures in supervision;
•   extreme price volatility on our markets;
•   any negative publicity surrounding our listed companies; and
•   any misconduct, fraudulent activity or theft by our employees or other persons formerly or currently associated with us.
damage to our reputation could cause some issuers not to list their securities on our exchanges, as well as reduce the trading volumes or values on our exchanges or cause us to lose customers in our data products, index licensing and services, corporate solutions or market technology businesses. this, in turn, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
our business acquisitions typically result in the recording of goodwill and intangible assets, and the recorded values of those assets may become impaired in the future. as of december 31, 2016, goodwill totaled approximately $6.0 billion and intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization, totaled approximately $2.1 billion. the determination of the value of such goodwill and intangible assets requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect our consolidated financial statements.
we assess goodwill and intangible assets, as well as other long-lived assets, including equity and cost method investments, and property and equipment for impairment on an annual basis or more frequently if indicators of impairment arise. we estimate the fair value of such assets by assessing many factors, including historical performance, capital requirements and projected cash flows. considerable management judgment is necessary to project future cash flows and evaluate the impact of expected operating and macroeconomic changes on these cash flows. the estimates and assumptions we use are consistent with our internal planning process. however, there are inherent uncertainties in these estimates.
as discussed in "intangible asset impairment charges," of note 5, "goodwill and acquired intangible assets," to the consolidated financial statements, we recorded an indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment charge of $578 million in 2016 and $119 million in 2015. in addition, we recorded asset impairment charges of $49 million in 2014.
we may experience future events that may result in asset impairments. future disruptions to our business, prolonged economic weakness or significant declines in operating results at any of our reporting units or businesses, may result in impairment charges to goodwill, intangible assets or other long-lived assets. a significant impairment charge in the future could have a material adverse effect on our operating results.
for additional discussion of our goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets and other long-lived assets, including related impairment, see "goodwill and related impairment," "indefinite-lived intangible assets and related impairment," and "other long-lived assets and related impairment," of "critical accounting policies and estimates," of item 7. "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," and "goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets," and "valuation of other long-lived assets," of note 2, "summary of significant accounting policies," and note 5, "goodwill and acquired intangible assets," to the consolidated financial statements.
•   economic, political and geopolitical market conditions;
•   changes in price levels and volatility in the stock markets;
•   the level and volatility of interest rates;
•   the perceived attractiveness of the u.s. or european capital markets; and
any one of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results by causing a substantial decline in the financial services markets and reducing trading volumes or values. in particular, our u.s. business operations are heavily concentrated on the east coast, and our european business operations are heavily concentrated in stockholm. any event that affects either of those geographic areas could potentially affect our ability to operate our businesses.
additionally, since borrowings under our credit facilities bear interest at variable rates, any increase in interest rates on debt that we have not fixed using interest rate hedges will increase our interest expense, reduce our cash flow or increase the cost of future borrowings or refinancings. other than variable rate debt, we believe our business has relatively large fixed costs and low variable costs, which magnifies the impact of revenue fluctuations on our operating results. as a result, a decline in our revenue may lead to a relatively larger impact on operating results. a substantial portion of our operating expenses will be related to personnel costs, regulation and corporate overhead, none of which can be adjusted quickly and some of which cannot be adjusted at all. our operating expense levels will be based on our expectations for future revenue. if actual revenue is below management's expectations, or if our expenses increase before revenues do, both revenues less transaction-based expenses and operating results would be materially and adversely affected. because of these factors, it is possible that our operating results or other operating metrics may fail to meet the expectations of stock market analysts and investors. if this happens, the market price of our common stock may be adversely affected.
we are exposed to credit risk from third parties, including customers, counterparties and clearing agents.
we are exposed to credit risk from third parties, including customers, counterparties and clearing agents. these parties may default on their obligations to us due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons.
we clear or stand as riskless principal to a range of equity-related and fixed-income-related derivative products, commodities and resale and repurchase agreements. we assume the counterparty risk for all transactions that are cleared through our markets and guarantee that our cleared contracts will be honored. we enforce minimum financial and operational criteria for membership eligibility, require members and investors to provide collateral, and maintain established risk policies and procedures to ensure that the counterparty risks are properly monitored and pro-actively managed; however, none of these measures provides absolute assurance against experiencing financial losses from defaults by our counterparties on their obligations. no guarantee can be given that the collateral provided will at all times be sufficient. although we maintain clearing capital resources to serve as an additional layer of protection to help ensure that we are able to meet our obligations, these resources may not be sufficient.
in addition, one of our broker-dealer subsidiaries, execution access, has a clearing arrangement with cantor fitzgerald & co., or cantor fitzgerald. as of december 31, 2016, we have contributed $20 million of clearing deposits to cantor fitzgerald in connection with this clearing arrangement. some of the trading activity in execution access is cleared by cantor fitzgerald through the fixed income clearing corporation. execution access assumes the counterparty risk of clients that do not clear through the fixed income clearing corporation. counterparty risk of clients exists for execution access between the trade date and settlement date of the individual transactions, which is one business day. all of execution access' obligations under the clearing arrangement with cantor fitzgerald are guaranteed by nasdaq. counterparties that do not clear through the fixed income clearing corporation are subject to a credit due diligence process and may be required to post collateral, provide principal letters, or provide other forms of credit enhancement to execution access for the purpose of mitigating counterparty risk. although we believe that the potential for us to be required to make payments under these arrangements is mitigated through the pledged collateral and our risk management policies, no guarantee can be provided that these arrangements will at all times be sufficient.
we also have credit risk related to transaction and subscription-based revenues that are billed to customers on a monthly or quarterly basis, in arrears.
credit losses such as those described above could adversely affect our consolidated financial position and results of operations.
our leverage limits our financial flexibility, increases our exposure to weakening economic conditions and may adversely affect our ability to obtain additional financing.
our indebtedness as of december 31, 2016 was approximately $3.6 billion. we also may borrow up to an additional $749 million under our revolving credit facility.
•   reduce funds available to us for operations and general corporate purposes or for capital expenditures as a result of the dedication of a substantial portion of our consolidated cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness;
•   increase our exposure to a continued downturn in general economic conditions;
•   place us at a competitive disadvantage compared with our competitors with less debt; and
•   affect our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for refinancing indebtedness, acquisitions, working capital, capital expenditures or other purposes.
in addition, we must comply with the covenants in our credit facilities. among other things, these covenants restrict our ability to grant liens, incur additional indebtedness, pay dividends, dispose of assets and conduct transactions with affiliates. failure to meet any of the covenant terms of our credit facilities could result in an event of default. if an event of default occurs, and we are unable to receive a waiver of default, our lenders may increase our borrowing costs, restrict our ability to obtain additional borrowings and accelerate all amounts outstanding. our credit facilities allow us to pay cash dividends on our common stock as long as certain leverage ratios are maintained.
we are subject to litigation risks and other liabilities.
many aspects of our business potentially involve substantial liability risks. although under current law we are immune from private suits arising from conduct within our regulatory authority and from acts and forbearances incident to the exercise of our regulatory authority, this immunity only covers certain of our activities in the u.s., and we could be exposed to liability under national and local laws, court decisions and rules and regulations promulgated by regulatory agencies.
some of our other liability risks arise under the laws and regulations relating to the tax, intellectual property, anti-money laundering, technology export, foreign asset controls and foreign corrupt practices areas. liability could also result from disputes over the terms of a trade, claims that a system failure or delay cost a customer money, claims we entered into an unauthorized transaction or claims that we provided materially false or misleading statements in connection with a securities transaction. as we intend to defend any such litigation actively, significant legal expenses could be incurred. although we carry insurance that may limit our risk of damages in some cases, we still may sustain uncovered losses or losses in excess of available insurance that would affect our financial condition and results of operations.
we have self-regulatory obligations and also operate for-profit businesses, and these two roles may create conflicts of interest.
we have obligations to regulate and monitor activities on our markets and ensure compliance with applicable law and the rules of our markets by market participants and listed companies. in the u.s., some have expressed concern about potential conflicts of interest of "for-profit" markets performing the regulatory functions of an sro. although our u.s. cash equity and options exchanges outsource a substantial portion of their market regulation functions to finra, we do perform regulatory functions and bear regulatory responsibility related to our listed companies and our markets. any failure by us to diligently and fairly regulate our markets or to otherwise fulfill our regulatory obligations could significantly harm our reputation, prompt sec scrutiny and adversely affect our business and reputation.
our nordic and baltic exchanges also monitor trading and compliance with listing standards. they monitor the listing of cash equities and other financial instruments. the prime objective of such monitoring activities is to promote confidence in the exchanges among the general public and to ensure fair and orderly functioning markets. the monitoring functions within the nasdaq nordic and nasdaq baltic exchanges are the responsibility of the surveillance departments or other surveillance personnel. the surveillance departments or personnel are intended to strengthen the integrity of and confidence in these exchanges and to avoid conflicts of interest. any failure to diligently and fairly regulate the nordic and baltic exchanges could significantly harm our reputation, prompt scrutiny from regulators and adversely affect our business and reputation.
failure to protect our intellectual property rights, or allegations that we have infringed on the intellectual property rights of others, could harm our brand-building efforts and ability to compete effectively.
to protect our intellectual property rights, we rely on a combination of trademark laws, copyright laws, patent laws, trade secret protection, confidentiality agreements and other contractual arrangements with our affiliates, clients, strategic partners and others. the protective steps that we take may be inadequate to deter misappropriation of our proprietary information. we may be unable to detect the unauthorized use of, or take appropriate steps to enforce, our intellectual property rights.
we have registered, or applied to register, our trademarks in the united states and in over 50 foreign jurisdictions and have pending u.s. and foreign applications for other trademarks. we also maintain copyright protection on our branded materials and pursue patent protection for software products, inventions and other processes developed by us. we also hold a number of patents, patent applications and licenses in the united states and other foreign jurisdictions. effective trademark, copyright, patent and trade secret protection may not be available in every country in which we offer our services. failure to protect our
intellectual property adequately could harm our brand and affect our ability to compete effectively. further, defending our intellectual property rights could result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources.
third parties may assert intellectual property rights claims against us, which may be costly to defend, could require the payment of damages and could limit our ability to use certain technologies, trademarks or other intellectual property. any intellectual property claims, with or without merit, could be expensive to litigate or settle and could divert management resources and attention. successful challenges against us could require us to modify or discontinue our use of technology or business processes where such use is found to infringe or violate the rights of others, or require us to purchase licenses from third parties, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.
we rely on third parties for regulatory, data center, data storage, data content, clearing and other services. to the extent that any of our vendors or other third-party service providers experiences difficulties, materially changes their business relationship with us or is unable for any reason to perform their obligations, our business or our reputation may be materially adversely affected.
we also rely on members of our trading community to maintain markets and add liquidity. to the extent that any of our largest members experiences difficulties, materially changes its business relationship with us or is unable for any reason to perform market making activities, our business or our reputation may be materially adversely affected.
we are a holding company that depends on cash flow from our subsidiaries to meet our obligations, and any restrictions on our subsidiaries' ability to pay dividends or make other payments to us may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
as a holding company, we require dividends and other payments from our subsidiaries to meet cash requirements. minimum capital requirements mandated by regulatory authorities having jurisdiction over some of our regulated subsidiaries indirectly restrict the amount of dividends paid upstream.
in addition, unremitted earnings of subsidiaries outside of the u.s. are used to finance our international operations and are generally considered to be indefinitely reinvested. it is not our current intent to change this position. however, the majority of cash held outside the u.s. is available for repatriation, but under current law, could subject us to additional u.s. income taxes, less applicable foreign tax credits.
if our subsidiaries are unable to pay dividends and make other payments to us when needed, we may be unable to satisfy our obligations, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
future acquisitions, investments, partnerships and joint ventures may require significant resources and/or result in significant unanticipated losses, costs or liabilities.
over the past several years, acquisitions have been significant factors in our growth. although we cannot predict our rate of growth as the result of acquisitions with complete accuracy, we believe that additional acquisitions and investments or entering into partnerships and joint ventures will be important to our growth strategy. such transactions may be material in size and scope. many of the other potential purchasers of assets in our industry have greater financial resources than we have. therefore, we cannot be sure that we will be able to complete future transactions on terms favorable to us.
we may finance future acquisitions by issuing additional equity and/or debt. the issuance of additional equity in connection with any such transaction could be substantially dilutive to existing shareholders. in addition, announcement or implementation of future transactions by us or others could have a material effect on the price of our common stock. the issuance of additional debt could increase our leverage substantially. we could face financial risks associated with incurring additional debt, particularly if the debt results in significant incremental leverage. additional debt may reduce our liquidity, curtail our access to financing markets, impact our standing with credit agencies and increase the cash flow required for debt service. any incremental debt incurred to finance an acquisition could also place significant constraints on the operation of our business.
furthermore, any future acquisitions or investments in businesses or facilities could entail a number of additional risks, including:
•   problems with effective integration of operations;
•   the inability to maintain key pre-acquisition business relationships;
•   problems with regulatory bodies;
•   exposure to unanticipated liabilities;
•   changes in our credit rating and financing costs.
in addition, some of our subsidiaries are subject to tax in the jurisdictions in which they are organized or operate. in computing our tax obligation in these jurisdictions, we take various tax positions. we cannot assure you that upon review of these positions the applicable authorities will agree with our positions. a successful challenge by a tax authority could result in additional tax imposed on our subsidiaries.
our non-u.s. business operates in various international markets, particularly emerging markets that are subject to greater political, economic and social uncertainties than developed countries.
the operations of our non-u.s. business are subject to the risk inherent in international operations, including but not limited to, risks with respect to operating in iceland, the baltics, the middle east, africa and asia. our expansion into lower cost locations, such as lithuania, india and the philippines, may increase operational risk. some of these economies may be subject to greater political, economic and social uncertainties than countries with more developed institutional structures. political, economic or social events or developments in one or more of these countries could adversely affect our operations and financial results.
we have operations in the u.s., the nordic and baltic countries, the u.k., australia and many other foreign countries. we therefore have significant exposure to exchange rate movements between the euro, swedish krona and other foreign currencies towards the u.s. dollar. significant inflation or disproportionate changes in foreign exchange rates with respect to one or more of these currencies could occur as a result of general economic conditions, acts of war or terrorism, changes in governmental monetary or tax policy or changes in local interest rates. these exchange rate differences will affect the translation of our non-u.s. results of operations and financial condition into u.s. dollars as part of the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
we have methods to identify, monitor and manage our risks, including oversight of risk management by nasdaq's global risk steering committee, which is comprised of employees and is responsible for regularly reviewing risks for materiality and referring significant risks to the board of directors or specific board committees. however, these methods may not be fully effective. some of our risk management methods may depend upon evaluation of information regarding markets, customers or other matters. that information may not in all cases be accurate, complete, up-to-date or properly evaluated. if our methods are not effective or we are not successful in monitoring or evaluating the risks to which we are or may be exposed, our business, reputation, financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected.
charges to earnings resulting from acquisition, restructuring and integration costs may materially adversely affect the market value of our common stock.
in accordance with u.s. gaap, we are accounting for the completion of our acquisitions using the acquisition method of accounting. we are allocating the total estimated purchase prices to net tangible assets, amortizable intangible assets and indefinite-lived intangible assets, and based on their fair values as of the date of completion of the acquisitions, recording the excess of the purchase price over those fair values as goodwill. our financial results, including earnings per share, could be adversely affected by a number of financial adjustments required by u.s. gaap including the following:
•   we may incur additional amortization expense over the estimated useful lives of certain of the intangible assets acquired in connection with acquisitions during such estimated useful lives;
•   we may have additional depreciation expense as a result of recording acquired tangible assets at fair value, in accordance with u.s. gaap, as compared to book value as recorded;
•   we may incur certain adjustments to reflect the financial condition and operating results under u.s. gaap and u.s. dollars.
since 2013, our board of directors has declared quarterly cash dividend payments on our outstanding common stock. future declarations of quarterly dividends and the establishment of future record and payment dates are subject to approval by nasdaq's board of directors. the board's determination to declare dividends will depend upon our profitability and financial condition, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law and other factors that the board deems relevant. based on an evaluation of these factors, the board of directors may determine not to declare future dividends at all or to declare future dividends at a reduced amount.
our organizational documents place restrictions on the voting rights of certain stockholders. the holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters to be voted upon by the stockholders except that no person may exercise voting rights in respect of any shares in excess of 5% of the then outstanding shares of our common stock. any change to the 5% voting limitation would require sec approval.
in response to the sec's concern about a concentration of our ownership, the rules of our u.s. exchanges include a rule prohibiting any member or any person associated with a member of the exchange from beneficially owning more than 20% of our outstanding voting interests. sec consent would be required before any investor could obtain more than a 20% voting interest in us. the rules of our u.s. exchanges also require the sec's approval of any business ventures with one of our members, subject to exceptions.
our organizational documents contain provisions that may be deemed to have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, deter or prevent a change of control of us, such as a tender offer or takeover proposal that might result in a premium over the market price for our common stock. additionally, certain of these provisions make it more difficult to bring about a change in the composition of our board of directors, which could result in entrenchment of current management.
•   do not permit stockholders to act by written consent;
•   authorize the issuance of undesignated preferred stock, or "blank check" preferred stock, which could be issued by our board of directors without stockholder approval.
section 203 of the delaware general corporation law imposes restrictions on mergers and other business combinations between us and any holder of 15% or more (or, in some cases, a holder who previously held 15% or more) of our common stock. in general, delaware law prohibits a publicly held corporation from engaging in a "business combination" with an "interested stockholder" for three years after the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, unless the corporation's board of directors and stockholders approve the business combination in a prescribed manner.
finally, many of the european countries where we operate regulated entities require prior governmental approval before an investor acquires 10% or greater of our common stock.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the following discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of nasdaq should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this form 10-k, as well as the discussion under "item 1a. risk factors."
business overview we are a leading provider of trading, clearing, exchange technology, regulatory, securities listing, information and public company services. our global offerings are diverse and include trading and clearing across multiple asset classes, trade management services, data products, financial indexes, capital formation solutions, corporate solutions, and market technology products and services. our technology powers markets across the globe, supporting equity derivative trading, clearing and settlement, cash equity trading, fixed income trading and many other functions.
for further discussion of our business, see "item 1. business."
business environment we serve listed companies, market participants and investors by providing derivative, commodities, cash equity, and fixed income markets, thereby facilitating economic growth and corporate entrepreneurship. we provide market technology to exchanges, clearing organizations and central securities depositories around the world. we also offer companies and other organizations access to innovative products, software solutions and services that increase transparency, mitigate risk, improve board efficiency and facilitate better corporate governance. in broad terms, our business performance is impacted by a number of drivers including macroeconomic events affecting the risk and return of financial assets, investor sentiment, government and private sector demands for capital, the regulatory environment for capital markets, changing technology, particularly in the financial services industry, and changes in investment patterns and priorities. our future revenues and net income will continue to be influenced by a number of domestic and international economic trends including, among others:
•   trading volumes and values in equity derivative, cash equity and ficc, which are driven primarily by overall macroeconomic conditions;
•   the number of companies seeking equity financing, which is affected by factors such as investor demand, the global economy, and availability of diverse sources of financing, as well as tax and regulatory policies;
•   the demand for information about, or access to, our markets, which is dependent on the products we trade, our importance as a liquidity center, and the quality and pricing of our data and trade management services;
•   the demand for licensed etps and other financial products based on our indexes as well as changes to the underlying assets associated with existing licensed financial products;
•   the challenges created by the automation of market data consumption, including competition and the quickly evolving nature of the data business;
•   the outlook of our technology customers for capital market activity;
•   continuing pressure in transaction fee pricing due to intense competition in the u.s. and europe;
•   competition related to pricing, product features and service offerings;
•   regulatory changes relating to market structure or affecting certain types of instruments, transactions, pricing structures or capital market participants; and
•   technological advances and members' and customers' demand for speed, efficiency, and reliability.
currently our business drivers are defined by investors and companies which have a wait and see posture about the pace of future global economic growth. the current consensus forecast for gross domestic product growth for the u.s. is 1.6% in 2016 and 2.3% in 2017 and the eurozone is 1.6% in 2016 and 1.4% in 2017. forecasts for both regions have been experiencing downward revisions over the last year as the outlook for growth deteriorates with significant downward revisions for the eurozone following brexit. very recent forecasts for the u.s., however, have speculated that u.s. economic growth may be stronger than baseline forecasts depending on the fiscal priorities of the new administration. while we expect continued modest annual growth in many of our non-trading segments (corporate services, information services, and market technology), we recognize that there are a number of significant structural and political issues continuing to impact the global economy. consequently, sustained instability could return at any time, resulting in an increased level of market volatility, oscillating trading volumes, and a more cautious outlook by the clients of our non-trading segments. following elevated volatility levels in the second half of 2015, market volatility remained high in the first quarter of 2016 before declining into the second quarter. volatility remained at a moderate level throughout the remainder of the year except for two spikes following the results of the brexit vote and the u.s. presidential election.
volatility and market uncertainty in 2016 led to the worst year for the number of u.s. ipo listings since 2012. additional impacts on our business drivers include the international enactment and implementation of new legislative and regulatory initiatives, the evolution of market participants' trading and investment strategies, and the continued rapid progression and deployment of new technology in the financial
•   intense competition among u.s. exchanges and dealer-owned systems for cash equity trading volume and strong competition between mtfs and exchanges in europe for cash equity trading volume;
•   globalization of exchanges, customers and competitors extending the competitive horizon beyond national markets;
•   headwinds in fund flows and market performance negatively impacted new business and assets under management of existing business in our index licensing and services business during the first half of 2016. however, performance began to improve during the latter part of 2016, with assets under management ending the year higher versus 2015. in addition, we had solid growth in our data products business; and
2017 outlook our strategy continues to include identifying organic growth within our core business units and developing adjacent opportunities within our core businesses. in addition, our strategy includes identifying acquisitions that both, complement our strengths and extend our capabilities, and offer opportunities for revenue and expense synergies and increased shareholder value.
during 2017, we expect changes in both the competitive and regulatory environments. in the u.s., in 2016, the investors exchange llc became a registered exchange, cboe and bats announced their intent to merge as did deutsche börse a.g. and lse. in february 2017, miami international securities exchange launched a second options exchange. we expect intense competition among u.s. equity and options marketplaces to continue and new entrants will be part of our competitive environment. while the willingness of new entrants to commence operations can be taken as a positive sign of good health in the trading industry, as these organizations implement their strategies, they have the potential to affect the competitive environment we face.
european regulators are currently moving forward on a number of new policies affecting the operation and infrastructure of the financial markets. the implementation of emir is changing the way we structure and operate the nordic clearinghouse. mifid ii, as well as the new regulations in mifir, will change the way our trading business operates and will create both challenges in our existing businesses, as well as new opportunities for growth. full implementation of these regulations may be delayed and consequently create an uncertain environment for our businesses.
market services economic and political uncertainty continue to weigh on the global economy and the debate over future fiscal and monetary policy in the u.s. and europe continues. we believe that our diversified businesses position us well to compete in an uncertain market environment. if increased levels of market volatility persist in 2017, many of the asset classes within our market services segment and our data products business will continue to benefit.
nfx continues to experience growth in its energy derivative products. we enter 2017 with a clear opportunity to increase the number of clients running on the nfx platform, and we continue to identify additional products to bring to market.
we expect global markets to continue to be marked by significant change in 2017, driven primarily by regulatory initiatives in the u.s. and europe as recently adopted regulations and legislation continue to be implemented. these changes could result in the continued fragmentation of cash equity markets, and trading could continue to migrate from exchanges to otc systems, particularly in the u.s. conversely, trading in otc derivatives could begin to move onto exchanges and other execution facilities.
information services as we look toward the future, we continue to make progress to leverage emerging technologies to expand the ways we serve clients, with our launch of the trading and analytics product suite, which just begins to leverage machine intelligence in its logic.
we also continue to make strides in expanding our index licensing and services business, in particular in our smart-beta products, which make up a strong portion of our growing assets under management total. an example of this was launching the first fixed income product leveraging the dwa relative strength methodology, in partnership with state street corporation.
corporate services in 2016, our corporate solutions business launched nasdaq ir insight, our investor relations platform. during 2016, we made significant progress to enhance the client experience. in doing both of these, we created an architectural foundation for our next generation corporate solutions products going forward. in addition, we continued to invest in our public relations and governance businesses through our acquisitions of marketwired and boardvantage.
growth in our corporate services segment will depend on a positive economic outlook and a lower level of merger and acquisition transactions.
volatility in the markets will have a negative impact on the pace of ipos and consequently on the opportunities for revenue
market technology in 2016, we announced the nasdaq financial framework, which is our new, modular architecture that will provide next generation capital markets capabilities, including the integration of blockchain technology across the issuance and settlement of securities, as well as cloud-enabled trading and clearing. we expect this next generation platform to contribute meaningfully to our order intake in 2017 and beyond.
in summary we believe that our future will continue to be determined by our ability to satisfy our customer's evolving needs and to allocate resources in strategic areas which will yield attractive returns.
consistent with our long-term strategy, we will continue to leverage our technology strengths and offer new products that expand and strengthen our relationships with existing and new customers.
we believe that our continued focus on meeting our cost, revenue and technology objectives will enable us to benefit from any improving economic conditions in the future. we will continue to look for opportunities to further diversify our business with enhanced product offerings and/or acquisitions that are complementary to our existing businesses.
business segments we manage, operate and provide our products and services in four business segments: market services, corporate services, information services and market technology. in 2016, due to changes in our executive leadership and to better reflect how our chief operating decision maker views the businesses, we realigned our reportable segments to integrate the corporate solutions and listing services businesses into our new corporate services segment. market technology is now a separate reportable segment. prior to this change, our corporate solutions and market technology businesses were part of our technology solutions segment. all prior period segment disclosures have been recast to reflect our change in reportable segments. see note 1, "organization and nature of operations," and note 19, "business segments," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our reportable segments and additional financial information about geographic data, as well as how management allocates resources, assesses performance and manages these businesses as four separate segments.
sources of revenues and transaction-based expenses see "revenue recognition and transaction-based expenses," of note 2, "summary of significant accounting policies," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our sources of revenues and transaction-based expenses.
market services equity derivative trading and clearing u.s. equity options total industry average daily volume (in millions)                                               14.4                  14.8                  15.3
cash equity trading total u.s.-listed securities total industry average daily share volume (in billions)                                         7.35                  6.91                  6.41
market share reported to the finra/nasdaq trade reporting facility                              33.1    %             31.8    %             30.3    %
nasdaq nordic and nasdaq baltic securities average daily number of equity trades executed on nasdaq's exchanges                         472,428               437,285               351,772
nasdaq commodities power contracts cleared (twh)(4)                                                               1,658                 1,496                 1,564
corporate services initial public offerings the nasdaq stock market                                                                           91                   143                   189
(1)   for the year ended december 31, 2016, matched market share for nasdaq ise, nasdaq gmni, and nasdaq mcry is included since the closing of the ise acquisition on june 30, 2016.
(3)   includes transactions executed on the nasdaq stock market's, nasdaq bx's and nasdaq psx's systems plus trades reported through the finra/nasdaq trade reporting facility.
(4)   transactions executed on nasdaq commodities or otc and reported for clearing to nasdaq commodities measured by terawatt hours (twh).
(5)   new listings include ipos, including those completed on a best efforts basis, issuers that switched from other listing venues, closed-end funds and separately listed etps.
financial summary the following table summarizes our financial performance for the year ended december 31, 2016 when compared with the same period in 2015, and for the year ended december 31, 2015 when compared with the same period in 2014. the comparability of our results of operations between reported periods is impacted by the acquisitions of nasdaq cxc and marketwired in february 2016, boardvantage in may 2016, ise in june 2016, and dwa in january 2015. see "2016 acquisitions" and "2015 acquisitions," of note 4, "acquisitions," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion. for a detailed discussion of our results of operations, see "segment operating results" below.
in countries with currencies other than the u.s. dollar, revenues and expenses are translated using monthly average exchange rates. impacts on our revenues less transaction-based expenses and operating income associated with fluctuations in foreign currency are discussed in more detail under "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
equity derivative trading and clearing revenues(1)                                       $541                $432                $525               25.2        %          (17.7   )%
equity derivative trading and clearing revenues less transaction-based expenses           228                 188                 208               21.3        %           (9.6   )%
cash equity trading revenues(2)                                                         1,349               1,315               1,335                2.6        %           (1.5   )%
cash equity trading revenues less transaction-based expenses                              255                 253                 223                0.8        %           13.5   %
(1)   includes section 31 fees of $24 million in 2016, $19 million in 2015 and $28 million in 2014. section 31 fees are recorded as equity derivative trading and clearing revenues with a corresponding amount recorded in transaction-based expenses.
(2)   includes section 31 fees of $290 million in 2016, $282 million in 2015 and $306 million in 2014. section 31 fees are recorded as cash equity trading revenues with a corresponding amount recorded in transaction-based expenses.
equity derivative trading and clearing revenues equity derivative trading and clearing revenues and equity derivative trading and clearing revenues less transaction-based expenses increased in 2016 compared with 2015 and decreased in 2015 compared with 2014.
•   the inclusion of revenues from our acquisition of ise, partially offset by;
further impacting the decrease in equity derivative trading and clearing revenues in 2015 was a decrease in the u.s. average revenue capture rate and a decline in section 31 pass-through fee revenue. further impacting the decrease in equity derivative trading and clearing revenues less transaction-based expenses in 2015 was a decrease in the u.s. average net capture rate.
section 31 fees are recorded as equity derivative trading and clearing revenues with a corresponding amount recorded as transaction-based expenses. in the u.s., we are assessed these fees from the sec and pass them through to our customers in the form of incremental fees. pass-through fees can increase or decrease due to rate changes by the sec, our percentage of the overall industry volumes processed on our systems, and
differences in actual dollar value of shares traded. since the amount recorded in revenues is equal to the amount recorded as transaction-based expenses, there is no impact on our revenues less transaction-based expenses. the increase in 2016 compared with 2015 was primarily due to the inclusion of section 31 fees from our acquisition of ise. the decrease in 2015 compared with 2014 was primarily due to lower rates and lower dollar value traded.
transaction rebates, in which we credit a portion of the per share execution charge to the market participant, increased in 2016 compared with 2015 and decreased in 2015 compared with 2014.
•   the inclusion of rebates associated with our acquisition of ise, partially offset by;
brokerage, clearance and exchange fees increased in 2016 compared with 2015 and decreased in 2015 compared with 2014. the increase in 2016 was primarily due to higher section 31 pass-through fees due to the inclusion of section 31 fees from our acquisition of ise. the decrease in 2015 was primarily due to lower section 31 pass-through fees and a decrease in routing costs due to a decline in volume routed.
cash equity trading revenues cash equity trading revenues and cash equity trading revenues less transaction-based expenses increased in 2016 compared with 2015. the increases in 2016 were primarily due to:
•   the inclusion of revenues associated with our acquisition of nasdaq cxc; and
the increase in cash equity trading revenues less transaction-based expenses in 2016 was also unfavorably impacted by a decrease in the u.s. average net capture rate.
cash equity trading revenues decreased in 2015 compared with 2014 primarily due to:
cash equity trading revenues less transaction-based expenses increased in 2015 compared with 2014 primarily due to:
similar to equity derivative trading and clearing, in the u.s. we record section 31 fees as cash equity trading revenues with a corresponding amount recorded as transaction-based expenses. we are assessed these fees from the sec and pass them through to our customers in the form of incremental fees. since the amount recorded as revenues is equal to the amount recorded as transaction-based expenses, there is no impact on our revenues less transaction-based expenses. the increase in 2016 compared with 2015 was primarily due to higher dollar value traded on nasdaq's exchanges and higher sec fee rates. the decrease in 2015 compared with 2014 was primarily due to lower sec fee rates, partially offset by higher dollar value traded on nasdaq's exchanges.
for the nasdaq stock market, nasdaq psx and nasdaq cxc, we credit a portion of the per share execution charge to the market participant that provides the liquidity and for nasdaq bx, we credit a portion of the per share execution charge to the market participant that takes the liquidity. these transaction rebates increased in 2016 compared with 2015 and decreased in 2015 compared with 2014.
•   the inclusion of rebates associated with our acquisition of nasdaq cxc, partially offset by a;
brokerage, clearance and exchange fees increased in 2016 compared with 2015 and decreased in 2015 compared with 2014. the increase in 2016 was primarily due to an increase in section 31 pass-through fees. the decrease in 2015 was primarily due to a decline in section 31 pass-through fees.
ficc revenues ficc revenues increased slightly in 2016 compared with 2015 and decreased in 2015 compared with 2014. ficc revenues less transaction-based expenses decreased both in 2016 compared with 2015 and in 2015 compared with 2014. the decrease in ficc revenues less transaction-based expenses in 2016 was primarily due to the impact of nfx trading incentives and a decline in u.s. fixed income revenues, partially offset by higher commodities revenues. the decrease in ficc revenues and ficc revenues less transaction-based expenses in 2015 was primarily due to volume declines in u.s. fixed income products and european commodities products, a decrease related to a scheduled contract termination of a technology licensing customer, and an unfavorable impact from foreign exchange of $11 million, partially offset by lower trading incentives at nasdaq nlx, our former london-based multilateral trading venue.
trade management services revenues trade management services revenues increased in 2016 compared with 2015 primarily due to an increase in customer demand for network connectivity and the inclusion of revenues from our acquisition of ise. trade management services revenues were flat in 2015 compared with 2014 as an increase in customer demand for network connectivity was offset by an unfavorable impact from foreign exchange of $8 million.
corporate solutions revenues corporate solutions revenues increased in 2016 compared with 2015 primarily due to the inclusion of revenues associated with the acquisitions of marketwired and boardvantage. see "acquisition of marketwired," and "acquisition of boardvantage," of note 4, "acquisitions," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the marketwired and boardvantage acquisitions. corporate solutions revenues decreased in 2015 compared with 2014 primarily due to a decline in the demand for our investor relations products and an unfavorable impact from foreign exchange of $9 million.
listing services revenues listing services revenues increased both in 2016 compared with 2015 and in 2015 compared with 2014. the increase in 2016 was primarily due to an increase in european revenues due to new company listings. the increase in 2015 was primarily due to an increase in u.s. listing services revenues, partially offset by a decrease in european listing services revenues. the increase in u.s. listing services revenues was primarily due to an increase in annual listing fees as a result of pricing actions and an increase in the number of listed companies. the decrease in european listing services revenues was primarily due to an unfavorable impact from foreign exchange of $12 million, partially offset by an increase in the number of listed companies and higher annual renewal fees.
data products revenues data products revenues increased both in 2016 compared with 2015 and in 2015 compared with 2014. the increase in 2016 was primarily due to growth in proprietary data products revenues, the inclusion of revenues associated with the acquisitions of ise and nasdaq cxc, and higher index data products revenues. the increase in 2015 was primarily due to the inclusion of revenues associated with the acquisition of dwa, higher revenues from shared tape revenue plans, and higher customer demand for u.s. proprietary data products, partially offset by an unfavorable impact from foreign exchange of $14 million.
index licensing and services revenues index licensing and services revenues were flat in 2016 compared with 2015 as an increase in revenues associated with the acquisition of ise was offset by a decrease in average fees on etps tracking to nasdaq indexes and a decrease in the value of underlying assets associated with non-etp nasdaq-licensed products.
index licensing and services revenues increased in 2015 compared with 2014 due to an increase in the value of underlying assets associated with nasdaq-licensed etfs and other financial products due to product growth and newly executed product licenses. the increase in 2015 was also due to our acquisition of dwa.
see "acquisition of ise," "acquisition of nasdaq cxc," and "acquisition of dwa," of note 4, "acquisitions," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our ise, nasdaq cxc and dwa acquisitions.
total order value total order value, which represents the total contract value of orders signed that are yet to be recognized as revenues, was $777 million as of december 31, 2016, $788 million as of december 31, 2015 and $716 million as of december 31, 2014. as of december 31, 2016, market technology deferred revenue of $185 million represents consideration received that is yet to be recognized as revenue for these signed orders. see note 8, "deferred revenue," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion. the recognition and timing of these revenues depends on many factors, including those that are not within our control. as such, the following table of market technology revenues to be recognized in the future represents our best estimate:
compensation and benefits                              $664                  $590                  $588               12.5        %            0.3        %
merger and strategic initiatives                         76                    10                    81              660.0        %          (87.7       )%
the increase in compensation and benefits expense in 2016 was primarily due to overall higher compensation costs resulting from our 2016 acquisitions and accelerated expense due to the retirement of the company's former ceo for equity awards previously granted. partially offsetting the 2016 increases was lower compensation expense reflecting lower performance incentives and a favorable impact from foreign exchange of $3 million. the increase in 2015 was primarily due to overall higher compensation costs associated with higher performance incentives and increased compensation costs resulting from our acquisition of dwa. partially offsetting the 2015 increases was a favorable impact from foreign exchange of $38 million.
the increase in professional and contract services expense in 2016 was primarily associated with our 2016 acquisitions. the decrease in 2015 was primarily due to a favorable impact from foreign exchange of $8 million.
the increase in computer operations and data communications expense in 2016 was primarily due to higher hardware and license costs associated with our 2016 acquisitions. the increase in 2015 was primarily due to an increase in vat, reflecting a charge for the reversal of previously recorded vat receivables no longer deemed collectible of $12 million and higher software lease and maintenance costs, partially offset by a favorable impact from foreign exchange of $8 million.
the increase in occupancy expense in 2016 primarily reflects additional facility and rent costs associated with our 2016 acquisitions, partially offset by lower facility and rent costs as a result of our restructuring activities. the decrease in 2015 reflects lower facility and rent costs due to our restructuring activities and lower costs resulting from services no longer needed under the transition services agreement that was entered into in connection with our acquisition of the tr corporate businesses. also contributing to the decrease in 2015 was a favorable impact from foreign exchange of $5 million.
the increase in general, administrative and other expense in 2016 is primarily associated with our 2016 acquisitions. the decrease in 2015 was primarily due to a lower provision for bad debts due to better collection results, a favorable impact from foreign exchange of $5 million, and a loss on extinguishment of debt recorded in 2014.
the increase in depreciation and amortization expense in 2016 was primarily due to additional amortization expense associated with software assets placed in service and acquired intangible assets, primarily related to our 2016 acquisitions. the increase in 2015 was primarily due to additional amortization expense associated with acquired intangible assets relating to the acquisition of dwa, as well as increased depreciation expense associated with  assets and software placed in service. partially offsetting these increases was a favorable impact from foreign exchange of $10 million.
regulatory expense increased in 2016 due to investigations of cybersecurity processes at our nordic exchanges and clearinghouse. in december 2016, we were issued a $6 million fine by the sfsa as a result of findings in connection with its investigation. the sfsa's conclusions related to governance issues rather than systems and platform security. we have appealed the sfsa's decision, including the amount of the fine.
merger and strategic initiatives expense for 2016 was primarily related to our acquisitions of ise, boardvantage, marketwired, and nasdaq cxc. merger and strategic initiatives expense for 2015 was primarily related to certain strategic initiatives and our acquisition of dwa. merger and strategic initiatives expense for 2014 was primarily related to our acquisitions of the tr corporate businesses and espeed and a charge of $23 million related to the reversal of a receivable under a tax sharing agreement with an unrelated party.
interest income interest income increased slightly in 2016 compared with 2015 and decreased in 2015 compared with 2014. the decrease in 2015 was primarily due to lower average cash and financial investments balances.
interest expense increased in 2016 compared with 2015 primarily due to our 2016 debt issuances. interest expense decreased in 2015 compared with 2014 primarily due to a favorable impact from foreign exchange of $6 million.
asset impairment charges the asset impairment charge of $578 million in 2016 related to a pre-tax, non-cash intangible asset impairment charge related to the full write-off of the espeed trade name due to a continued decline in the operating performance of the espeed business during 2016 and a rebranding of our fixed income business under a single brand called nasdaq fixed income.
asset impairment charges of $49 million in 2014 related to a $38 million non-cash intangible asset impairment charge associated with customer relationships and an $11 million non-cash asset impairment charge related to certain technology assets.
net income from unconsolidated investees net income from unconsolidated investees was $2 million in 2016 and included income recognized from our equity method investments in occ and euroccp n.v. , partially offset by the write-off of our equity method investment in the order machine. net income from unconsolidated investees was $17 million in 2015 and primarily included income recognized from our equity method investment in occ. we were not able to determine what our share of occ's income was for the year ended december 31, 2014 until the first quarter of 2015, when financial statements were made available to us. as a result, we recorded other income of $13 million in the first quarter of 2015 relating to our share of occ's income for the year ended december 31, 2014. see "equity method investments," of note 6, "investments," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our equity method investments.
the lower effective tax rate in 2016 when compared with 2015 is primarily due to a shift in the geographic mix of earnings, largely driven by the write-off of the espeed trade name, partially offset by an unfavorable ruling from the finnish supreme administrative court. the higher effective tax rate in 2015 when compared with 2014 was primarily due to a decrease in unrecognized tax benefits in 2014.
the effective tax rate may vary from period to period depending on, among other factors, the geographic and business mix of earnings and losses. these same and other factors, including history of pre-tax earnings and losses, are taken into account in assessing the ability to realize deferred tax assets.
in order to recognize and measure our unrecognized tax benefits, management determines whether a tax position is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. once it is determined that a position meets the recognition thresholds, the position is measured to determine the amount of benefit to be recognized in the consolidated financial statements. interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters are recognized in income tax expense.
non-gaap financial measures in addition to disclosing results determined in accordance with u.s. gaap, we also have provided non-gaap net income attributable to nasdaq and non-gaap diluted earnings per share. management uses this non-gaap information internally, along with u.s. gaap information, in evaluating our performance and in making financial and operational decisions. we believe our presentation of these measures provides investors with greater transparency and supplemental data relating to our financial condition and results of operations. in addition, we believe the presentation of these measures is useful to investors for period-to-period comparisons of results as the items described below do not reflect ongoing operating performance.
these measures are not in accordance with, or an alternative to, u.s. gaap, and may be different from non-gaap measures used by other companies. investors should not rely on any single financial measure when evaluating our business. we recommend investors review the u.s. gaap financial measures included in this annual report on form 10-k, including our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto. when viewed in conjunction with our u.s. gaap results and the accompanying reconciliation, we believe these non-gaap measures provide greater transparency and a more complete understanding of factors affecting our business than u.s. gaap measures alone.
we understand that analysts and investors regularly rely on non-gaap financial measures, such as non-gaap net income attributable to nasdaq and non-gaap diluted earnings per share, to assess operating performance. we use non-gaap net income attributable to nasdaq and non-gaap diluted earnings per share because they highlight trends more clearly in our business that may not otherwise be apparent when relying solely on u.s. gaap financial measures, since these measures eliminate from our results specific financial items that have less bearing on our ongoing operating performance. non-gaap net income attributable to nasdaq for the periods presented below is calculated by adjusting for the following items:
amortization expense of acquired intangible assets: we amortize intangible assets acquired in connection with various acquisitions.
in the first quarter of 2015, nasdaq began excluding the amortization of acquired intangible assets when evaluating the performance of our businesses and its managers and when allocating resources amongst the businesses. our non-gaap and operating income metrics are used internally and by our investors to measure the ongoing operating performance of nasdaq. management's view of operating performance has not changed significantly from prior periods.
however, intangible asset amortization expense can vary from period to period due to episodic acquisitions completed, rather than from our ongoing business operations. as such, if intangible asset amortization is included in performance measures, it is more difficult to assess the day-to-day operating performance of the businesses, the relative operating performance of the businesses between periods, and the earnings power of nasdaq. in connection with this change to the calculation of our internal performance measures in the first quarter of 2015, we also aligned our external reporting with these same performance measures. historical periods were restated to conform to the current presentation. performance measures excluding intangible asset amortization therefore, provide investors with a more useful representation of our businesses' ongoing activity in each period.
restructuring charges: restructuring charges are associated with our 2015 restructuring plan to improve performance, cut costs and reduce spending and are primarily related to (i) the rebranding of our company name from the nasdaq omx group, inc. to nasdaq, inc., (ii) severance and other termination benefits, (iii) costs to vacate duplicate facilities, and (iv) asset impairment charges. we exclude these restructuring costs because these costs do not reflect future operating expenses and do not contribute to a meaningful evaluation of nasdaq's ongoing operating performance or comparison of nasdaq's performance between periods.
merger and strategic initiatives expense: we have pursued various strategic initiatives and completed a number of acquisitions in recent years which have resulted in expenses which would not have otherwise been incurred. these expenses include integration costs, as well as legal, due diligence and other third party transaction costs. the frequency and the amount of such expenses vary significantly based on the size, timing and complexity of the transaction. accordingly, we exclude these costs for purposes of calculating non-gaap measures which provide a more meaningful analysis of nasdaq's ongoing operating performance or comparisons in nasdaq's performance between periods.
asset impairment charges:  intangible assets that have indefinite lives are reviewed for impairment at least annually, or when indicators of impairment are present. in december 2016, we recorded a pre-tax, non-cash intangible asset impairment charge of $578 million related to the full write-off of the espeed trade name. the impairment charge was the result of a decline in operating performance and the rebranding of our fixed income business. in 2014, we recorded a non-cash asset impairment charge of $38 million related to an acquired intangible asset associated with customer relationships. the impairment resulted primarily from changes in forecasted revenues associated with the acquired customer list of our espeed business. in 2014, we also recorded a non-cash asset impairment charge related to certain technology assets of $11 million. we exclude these charges because they do not reflect future operating expenses and do not contribute to a meaningful evaluation of nasdaq's ongoing operating performance or comparison of nasdaq's performance between periods.
other significant items: we have excluded certain other charges or gains that are the result of other non-comparable events to measure operating performance. for 2016, other significant items primarily included a regulatory fine received by our exchange in stockholm and nasdaq clearing, accelerated expense due to the retirement of the company's former ceo
for equity awards previously granted, the release of a sublease loss reserve due to the early exit of a facility, and the impact of the write-off of an equity method investment, partially offset by a gain resulting from the sale of a percentage of a separate equity method investment. for 2015, other significant items included income from our equity investment in occ where we were not able to determine what our share of occ's income was for the year ended december 31, 2014 until the first quarter of 2015, when financial statements were made available to us.
as a result, we recorded other income in the first quarter of 2015 relating to our share of occ's income for the year ended december 31, 2014. for 2015, other significant adjustments also included the reversal of a vat refund. for 2014, other significant items included extinguishment of debt, a sublease loss reserve and special legal expense. we believe the exclusion of such amounts allows management and investors to better understand the financial results of nasdaq.
merger and strategic initiatives                                                          76                                0.45                            10                                0.06                            81                                0.47
income from occ equity investment                                                          -                                   -                   (13           )             (0.08                 )                         -                                   -
(1)   we determine the tax effect of each item based on the tax rules in the respective jurisdiction where the transaction occurred. also included in this adjustment for the year ended december 31, 2016 is $27 million in tax expense associated with an unfavorable decision from the finnish supreme administrative court on a tax position. for the year ended december 31, 2014 this amount includes $23 million associated with the recognition of a previously unrecognized tax benefit.
liquidity and capital resources historically, we have funded our operating activities and met our commitments through cash generated by operations, augmented by the periodic issuance of our common stock and debt. see note 9, "debt obligations," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our debt obligations. currently, our cost and availability of funding remain healthy.
as part of the purchase price consideration of a prior acquisition, nasdaq has contingent future obligations to issue 992,247 shares of nasdaq common stock annually which approximated certain tax benefits associated with the transaction of $484 million. such contingent future issuances of nasdaq common stock will be paid ratably through 2027 if nasdaq's total gross revenues equal or exceed $25 million in each such year. the contingent future issuances of nasdaq common stock are subject to anti-dilution protections and acceleration upon certain events.
in may 2016, nasdaq issued the 2023 notes and in june 2016, nasdaq issued the 2026 notes. we used the majority of the net proceeds from the 2023 notes of $664 million and the 2026 notes of $495 million to fund the acquisition of ise and related expenses. see "3.85% senior unsecured notes," and "1.75% senior unsecured notes," of note 9, "debt obligations," and "acquisition of ise," of note 4, "acquisitions," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
in march 2016, nasdaq entered into the 2016 credit facility which provides for a $400 million senior unsecured term loan facility. in march 2016, loans in an aggregate principal amount of $400 million were drawn under the 2016 credit facility and the net proceeds of $399 million were used to partially repay amounts outstanding under the revolving credit commitment of the 2014 credit facility. as of december 31, 2016, the balance of $399 million reflects the aggregate principal amount, less the unamortized debt issuance costs. see "2016 credit facility," of note 9, "debt obligations," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
our 2014 credit facility consists of a $750 million revolving credit commitment (with sublimits for non-dollar borrowings, swingline borrowings and letters of credit). as of december 31, 2016, availability under the revolving credit commitment was $749 million. see "2014 credit facility," of note 9, "debt obligations," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
in the near term, we expect that our operations and availability under our revolving credit commitment will provide sufficient cash to fund our operating expenses, capital expenditures, debt repayments, any share repurchases, and any dividends.
various assets and liabilities, including cash and cash equivalents, receivables, accounts payable and accrued expenses, can fluctuate from month to month. working capital (calculated as current assets less current liabilities) was $478 million at december 31, 2016, compared with $340 million at december 31, 2015, an increase of $138 million. current asset balance changes increased working capital by $1,300 million, with increases in default funds and margin deposits, receivables, net, cash and cash equivalents, financial investments, at fair value, and other current assets, partially offset by a decrease in restricted cash. current liability balance changes decreased working capital by $1,162 million, due to increases in default funds and margin deposits, accrued personnel costs, deferred revenue, accounts payable and accrued expenses, and section 31 fees payable to the sec, partially offset by a decrease in other current liabilities.
principal factors that could affect the availability of our internally-generated funds include:
•   changes in our working capital requirements; and
principal factors that could affect our ability to obtain cash from external sources include:
•   operating covenants contained in our credit facilities that limit our total borrowing capacity;
•   increases in interest rates under our credit facilities;
•   credit rating downgrades, which could limit our access to additional debt;
•   volatility in the public debt and equity markets.
the following sections discuss the effects of changes in our financial assets, debt obligations, clearing and broker-dealer net capital requirements, and cash flows on our liquidity and capital resources.
cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash cash and cash equivalents includes all non-restricted cash in banks and highly liquid investments with original maturities of 90 days or less at the time of purchase. the balance retained in cash and cash equivalents is a function of anticipated or possible short-term cash needs, prevailing interest rates, our investment policy, and alternative investment choices. as of december 31, 2016, our cash and cash equivalents of $403 million were primarily invested in bank deposits, money market funds and commercial paper. in the long-term, we may use both internally generated funds and external sources to satisfy our debt
obligations and other long-term liabilities. cash and cash equivalents as of december 31, 2016 increased $102 million from december 31, 2015 primarily due to net cash provided by operating and financing activities, partially offset by net cash used in investing activities. see "cash flow analysis" below for further discussion.
as of december 31, 2016 and december 31, 2015, restricted cash is restricted from withdrawal due to a contractual requirement or not available for general use. restricted cash was $15 million as of december 31, 2016 and $56 million as of december 31, 2015, a decrease of $41 million. the decrease is primarily due to lower restricted cash due to a decline in customer funds held in connection with privately negotiated securities transactions. restricted cash is classified as restricted cash in the consolidated balance sheets.
unremitted earnings of subsidiaries outside of the u.s. are used to finance our international operations and are generally considered to be indefinitely reinvested. it is not our current intent to change this position. however, the majority of cash held outside the u.s. is available for repatriation, but under current law, could subject us to additional u.s. income taxes, less applicable foreign tax credits.
share repurchase program see "share repurchase program," of note 13, "nasdaq stockholders' equity," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our share repurchase program.
see "cash dividends on common stock," of note 13, "nasdaq stockholders' equity," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the dividends.
financial investments, at fair value our financial investments, at fair value totaled $245 million as of december 31, 2016 and $201 million as of december 31, 2015 and are primarily comprised of trading securities, mainly highly rated european government debt securities. of these securities, $172 million as of december 31, 2016 and $166 million as of december 31, 2015 are assets utilized to meet regulatory capital requirements, primarily for our clearing operations at nasdaq clearing. see note 6, "investments," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our trading investment securities.
debt obligations the following table summarizes our debt obligations by contractual maturity:
maturity date           december 31, 2016           december 31, 2015
$750 million revolving credit commitment   november 2019                   -                         258
$400 million senior unsecured term loan facility   november 2019                 399                           -
in addition to the $750 million revolving credit commitment and $400 million term loan facility, we also have other credit facilities related to our nasdaq clearing operations in order to provide further liquidity. credit facilities, which are available in multiple currencies, totaled $170 million at december 31, 2016 and $202 million december 31, 2015, in available liquidity, none of which was utilized.
at december 31, 2016, we were in compliance with the covenants of all of our debt obligations.
clearing and broker-dealer net capital requirements clearing operations regulatory capital requirements we are required to maintain minimum levels of regulatory capital for the clearing operations of nasdaq clearing. the level of regulatory capital required to be maintained is dependent upon many factors, including market conditions and creditworthiness of the counterparty. at december 31, 2016, our required regulatory capital of $172 million is primarily comprised of highly rated european government debt securities that are included in financial investments, at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets.
broker-dealer net capital requirements our operating broker-dealer subsidiaries, nasdaq execution services, execution access, npm securities, smtx, and nasdaq capital markets advisory are subject to regulatory requirements intended to ensure their general financial soundness and liquidity. these requirements obligate these subsidiaries to comply with minimum net capital requirements. the following table summarizes the net capital requirements for our broker-dealer subsidiaries as of december 31, 2016:
broker-dealer subsidiaries                total net capital            required minimum net capital           excess capital
npm securities                                  0.3                                   -                           0.3
nasdaq capital markets advisory                 0.6                                 0.3                           0.3
other capital requirements nasdaq execution services nasdaq execution services also is required to maintain a $2 million minimum level of net capital under our clearing arrangement with occ.
nasdaq cxc as a member of the investment industry regulatory organization of canada, nasdaq cxc must comply with its dealer member rules which are intended to ensure general financial soundness and liquidity. under these rules, nasdaq cxc is required to comply with minimum net capital requirements. at december 31, 2016, nasdaq cxc was required to maintain minimum net capital of $0.2 million and had total net capital of approximately $5.8 million, or $5.6 million in excess of the minimum amount required.
operating activities                                                                        $722                $682                $632                5.9        %             7.9   %
investing activities                                                                      (1,657    )           (435    )           (155    )         280.9        %           180.6   %
financing activities                                                                       1,002                (355    )           (460    )        (382.3       )%           (22.8   )%
net cash provided by operating activities net cash provided by operating activities increased $40 million in 2016 compared with 2015 and increased $50 million in 2015 compared with 2014. the increases were primarily due to additional cash flows from our acquisitions completed during 2016 and 2015 and higher cash flows from our listing services business primarily due to an increase in annual renewal fees, partially offset by an increase in cash payments related to merger and strategic initiatives expense associated with our 2016 and 2015 acquisitions.
net cash used in investing activities net cash used in investing activities increased $1,222 million in 2016 compared with 2015 and increased $280 million in 2015 compared with 2014 primarily due to an increase in cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired of $1,460 million in 2016 and $226 million in 2015.
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2016 primarily consisted of net proceeds of $2,456 million, of which $1,159 million related to the issuances of our 2023 notes and 2026 notes to fund our acquisition of ise, $399 million related to net proceeds from our 2016 credit facility and $898 million related to proceeds from utilization of the revolving credit commitment under our 2014 credit facility to partially fund our acquisitions of boardvantage, marketwired and nasdaq cxc, and other general corporate purposes. these proceeds were partially offset by the repayment of $1,156 million on the revolving credit commitment under our 2014 credit facility. we also used $200 million of cash to pay cash dividends on our common stock and $100 million of cash to repurchase our common stock.
net cash used in financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2015 primarily consisted of $377 million of cash used to repurchase our common stock, the repayment of $369 million on the revolving credit commitment of our 2014 credit facility, and $149 million related to cash dividends paid on our common stock, partially offset by $506 million from the partial utilization of the revolving credit commitment under our 2014 credit facility to partially fund our acquisition of dwa and other general corporate purposes.
see "2016 acquisitions," and "2015 acquisitions," of note 4, "acquisitions," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our acquisitions.
see "share repurchase program," and "cash dividends on common stock," of note 13, "nasdaq stockholders' equity," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our share repurchase program and cash dividends paid on our common stock.
contractual obligations and contingent commitments nasdaq has contractual obligations to make future payments under debt obligations by contract maturity, minimum rental commitments under non-cancelable operating leases, net and other obligations. the following table shows these contractual obligations as of december 31, 2016:
debt obligations by contract maturity(1)                                          $4,351                    $139                  $1,019                $1,400             $1,793
minimum rental commitments under non-cancelable operating leases, net(2)             412       73                          134                   97                    108
(1)   our debt obligations include both principal and interest obligations. at december 31, 2016, an interest rate of 2.84% was used to compute the amount of the contractual obligations for interest on the 2016 credit facility. all other debt obligations were primarily calculated on a 360-day basis at the contractual fixed rate multiplied by the aggregate principal amount at december 31, 2016. see note 9, "debt obligations," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
(2)   we lease some of our office space under non-cancelable operating leases with third parties and sublease office space to third parties. some of our leases contain renewal options and escalation clauses based on increases in property taxes and building operating costs.
(3)   other obligations primarily consist of potential future escrow agreement payments related to prior acquisitions as well as other service agreement payments.
non-cash contingent consideration as part of the purchase price consideration of a prior acquisition, we have agreed to future annual issuances of 992,247 shares of nasdaq common stock which approximated certain tax benefits associated with the transaction. such contingent future issuances of nasdaq common stock will be paid ratably through 2027 if nasdaq's total gross revenues equal or exceed $25 million in each such year. the contingent future issuances of nasdaq common stock are subject to anti-dilution protections and acceleration upon certain events.
•   note 16, "clearing operations," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our non-cash default fund contributions and margin deposits received for clearing operations;
•   note 17, "leases," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our lease commitments; and
•   note 18, "commitments, contingencies and guarantees," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of:
•   guarantees issued and credit facilities available;
•   lease commitments;
•   routing brokerage activities;
•   litigation; and
•   tax audits.
quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk market risk represents the potential for losses that may result from changes in the market value of a financial instrument due to changes in market conditions. as a result of our operating, investing and financing activities, we are exposed to market risks such as interest rate risk and foreign currency exchange rate risk. we are also exposed to credit risk as a result of our normal business activities.
we have implemented policies and procedures to measure, manage, monitor and report risk exposures, which are reviewed regularly by management and the board of directors. we identify risk exposures and monitor and manage such risks on a daily basis.
we perform sensitivity analyses to determine the effects of market risk exposures. we may use derivative instruments solely to hedge financial risks related to our financial positions or risks that are incurred during the normal course of business. we do not use derivative instruments for speculative purposes.
financial investments as of december 31, 2016, our investment portfolio was primarily comprised of trading securities, mainly highly rated european government debt securities, which pay a fixed rate of interest. these securities are subject to interest rate risk and will decrease in value if market interest rates increase. if market interest rates were to increase immediately and uniformly by 100 basis points from levels as of december 31, 2016, the fair value of this portfolio would have declined by $6 million.
debt obligations as of december 31, 2016, substantially all of our debt obligations are fixed-rate obligations. while changes in interest rates will have no impact on the interest we pay on fixed-rate obligations, we are exposed to changes in interest rates as a result of borrowings under our 2016 credit facility and the 2014 credit facility, as these facilities have variable interest rates. as of december 31, 2016, there were no outstanding borrowings under our 2014 credit facility. the principal amount outstanding under the 2016 credit facility was $400 million. a hypothetical 100 basis points increase in interest rates on the 2016 credit facility would increase interest expense by approximately $4 million based on borrowings as of december 31, 2016.
(1)   the 2015 percentage of operating income in swedish krona was impacted by restructuring charges recorded during 2015 as a majority of these charges were recorded in currencies other than the u.s. dollar, primarily the swedish krona. see note 3, "restructuring charges," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
our investments in foreign subsidiaries are exposed to volatility in currency exchange rates through translation of the foreign subsidiaries' net assets or equity to u.s. dollars. substantially all of our foreign subsidiaries operate in functional currencies other than the u.s. dollar. fluctuations in currency exchange rates may create volatility in our results of operations as we are required to translate the balance sheets and operational results of these foreign currency denominated subsidiaries into u.s. dollars for consolidated reporting. the translation of foreign subsidiaries' non-u.s. dollar balance sheets into u.s. dollars
for consolidated reporting results in a cumulative translation adjustment which is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss within stockholders' equity in the consolidated balance sheets.
british pound                 118                                         (12                )
credit risk credit risk is the potential loss due to the default or deterioration in credit quality of customers or counterparties. we are exposed to credit risk from third parties, including customers, counterparties and clearing agents. these parties may default on their obligations to us due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons. we limit our exposure to credit risk by rigorously evaluating the counterparties with which we make investments and execute agreements. the financial investment portfolio objective is to invest in securities to preserve principal while maximizing yields, without significantly increasing risk. credit risk associated with investments is minimized substantially by ensuring that these financial assets are placed with governments which have investment grade ratings, well-capitalized financial institutions and other creditworthy counterparties.
our subsidiary nasdaq execution services may be exposed to credit risk, due to the default of trading counterparties, in connection with the routing services it provides for our trading customers. system trades in cash equities routed to other market centers for members of our cash equity exchanges are routed by nasdaq execution services for clearing to the nscc. in this function, nasdaq execution services is to be neutral by the end of the trading day, but may be exposed to intraday risk if a trade extends beyond the trading day and into the next day, thereby leaving nasdaq execution services susceptible to counterparty risk in the period between accepting the trade and routing it to the clearinghouse. in this interim period, nasdaq execution services is not novating like a clearing broker but instead is subject to the short-term risk of counterparty failure before the clearinghouse enters the transaction. once the clearinghouse officially accepts the trade for novation, nasdaq execution services is legally removed from trade execution risk. however, nasdaq has membership obligations to nscc independent of nasdaq execution services' arrangements.
pursuant to the rules of the nscc and nasdaq execution services' clearing agreement, nasdaq execution services is liable for any losses incurred due to a counterparty or a clearing agent's failure to satisfy its contractual obligations, either by making payment or delivering securities. adverse movements in the prices of securities that are subject to these transactions can increase our credit risk. however, we believe that the risk of material loss is limited, as nasdaq execution services' customers are not permitted to trade on margin and nscc rules limit counterparty risk on self-cleared transactions by establishing credit limits and capital deposit requirements for all brokers that clear with nscc. historically, nasdaq execution services has never incurred a liability due to a customer's failure to satisfy its contractual obligations as counterparty to a system trade. credit difficulties or insolvency, or the perceived possibility of credit difficulties or insolvency, of one or more larger or visible market participants could also result in market-wide credit difficulties or other market disruptions.
execution access is an introducing broker which operates the trading platform for our nasdaq fixed income business to trade in u.s. treasury securities. execution access has a clearing arrangement with cantor fitzgerald. as of december 31, 2016, we have contributed $20 million of clearing deposits to cantor fitzgerald in connection with this clearing arrangement. these deposits are recorded in other current assets in our consolidated balance sheets. some of the trading activity in execution access is cleared by cantor fitzgerald through the fixed income clearing corporation. execution access assumes the counterparty risk of clients that do not clear through the fixed income clearing corporation. counterparty risk of clients exists for execution access between the trade date and settlement date of the individual transactions, which is one business day. all of execution access' obligations under the clearing arrangement with cantor fitzgerald are guaranteed by nasdaq. counterparties that do not clear through the fixed income clearing corporation are subject to a credit due diligence process and may be required to post collateral, provide principal letters, or provide other forms of credit enhancement to execution access for the purpose of mitigating counterparty risk.
we are exposed to credit risk through our clearing operations with nasdaq clearing. see note 16, "clearing operations," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
we also have credit risk related to transaction and subscription-based revenues that are billed to customers on a monthly or quarterly basis, in arrears. our potential exposure to credit losses on these transactions is represented by the receivable balances in our consolidated balance sheets. on an ongoing basis, we review and evaluate changes in the status of our counterparties' creditworthiness. credit losses such as those described above could adversely affect our consolidated financial position and results of operations.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with u.s. gaap requires management to make judgments, assumptions, and estimates that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. note 2, "summary of significant accounting policies," to the consolidated financial statements describes the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. the accounting policies described below are significantly affected by critical accounting estimates. such accounting policies require significant judgments, assumptions, and estimates used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements, and actual results could differ materially from the amounts reported based on these policies.
revenue recognition corporate services revenues listing services revenues listing services revenues primarily include annual renewal fees, initial listing fees, and listing of additional shares fees. annual renewal fees do not require any judgments or assumptions by management as these amounts are recognized ratably over the following 12-month period. however, listing of additional shares fees and initial listing fees are recognized on a straight-line basis over estimated service periods, which are four and six years, respectively, based on our historical listing experience and projected future listing duration. unamortized balances are recorded as deferred revenue in the consolidated balance sheets.
goodwill and related impairment goodwill represents the excess of purchase price over the value assigned to the net assets, including identifiable intangible assets, of a business acquired. goodwill is allocated to our reporting units based on the assignment of the fair values of each reporting unit of the acquired company. we test goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level annually, or in interim periods if certain events occur indicating that the carrying amount may be impaired, such as changes in the business climate, poor indicators of operating performance or the sale or disposition of a significant portion of a reporting unit. for purposes of performing our goodwill impairment test, our five reporting units are the market services segment, the two businesses comprising the corporate services segment: corporate solutions and listing services, the information services segment, and the market technology segment. we test for impairment during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year using carrying amounts as of october 1. in conducting the 2016 annual impairment test for goodwill, we first performed a qualitative assessment to determine whether it was more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit was less than the carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it was necessary to perform the two-step quantitative goodwill impairment test described in fasb asc topic 350,
"intangibles-goodwill and other," or asc topic 350. the more-likely-than-not threshold is defined as having a likelihood of more than 50 percent. if, after assessing the totality of events or circumstances, we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then the two-step quantitative test for goodwill impairment is performed for the appropriate reporting units. otherwise, we conclude that no impairment is indicated and the two-step quantitative test for goodwill impairment is not performed.
in conducting the qualitative assessment, we analyzed actual and projected growth trends for each reporting unit, as well as historical performance versus plan and the results of prior quantitative tests performed. additionally, each reporting unit assesses critical areas that may impact their business, including macroeconomic conditions and the related impact, market related exposures, competitive changes, new or discontinued products, changes in key personnel, and other potential risks to their projected financial results.
if required, the quantitative goodwill impairment test consists of two steps performed at the reporting unit level.
•   the first step compares the estimated fair value of each reporting unit to its corresponding carrying amount, including goodwill. the fair value of each reporting unit is estimated using a combination of discounted cash flow valuation, which incorporates assumptions regarding future growth rates, terminal values, and discount rates, as well as guideline public company valuations, incorporating relevant trading multiples of comparable companies and other factors. the estimates and assumptions used consider historical performance and are consistent with the assumptions used in determining future profit plans for each reporting unit, which are approved by our board of directors. if the reporting unit's estimated fair value exceeds its estimated carrying amount, goodwill is not impaired.
•   if the first step results in the carrying amount exceeding the fair value of the reporting unit, then a second step must be completed in order to determine the amount of goodwill impairment that should be recorded, if any. in the second step, the implied fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill is determined by allocating the reporting unit's fair value to all of its assets and liabilities other than goodwill in a manner similar to a purchase price allocation. the implied fair value of the goodwill that results from the application of this second step is then compared to the carrying amount of the goodwill and an impairment charge is recorded for any difference.
for our annual test of goodwill impairment in 2016, we considered the results of prior quantitative tests performed on our reporting units and also considered future financial projections, current market conditions, and any changes in the carrying amount of the reporting units.
we utilized the qualitative screen for our market services, listing services, information services and market technology reporting units, as the excesses of their fair values over their respective carrying amounts at the time of the last quantitative test were significant. the last quantitative tests were in 2013 for the listing services, information services and market technology reporting units and in 2015 for the market services reporting unit. in conducting the qualitative assessment, we evaluated the performance of each of these reporting units since the last quantitative test, as well as future financial projections to determine if there were any changes in the key inputs used to determine the fair values of each reporting unit. we also considered the qualitative factors in asc topic 350, as well as other relevant events and circumstances. based on the results of the qualitative assessment for each reporting unit, we concluded based on a preponderance of positive indicators and the weight of such indicators that the fair values of our market services, listing services, information services and market technology reporting units are more likely than not greater than their respective carrying amounts and as a result, quantitative analyses were not needed. therefore, no further testing of goodwill for impairment was performed for these reporting units for the year ended december 31, 2016.
although the fair value of our corporate solutions reporting unit also exceeded its carrying amount by more than 10.0% in our 2015 and 2014 annual goodwill impairment tests, since the excess of fair value over the carrying amount has historically been less than our other reporting units, we bypassed the qualitative assessment for this reporting unit. we performed step one of the quantitative goodwill impairment test for this reporting unit and determined that the fair value of our corporate solutions reporting unit exceeded its carrying amount by more than 10.0%. as a result, no goodwill impairment was recorded. the fair value of our corporate solutions reporting unit was determined using a combination of two equally weighted valuation methods, a market approach and an income approach. the market approach estimates fair value by applying revenues, earnings and cash flow multiples to the corporate solutions reporting unit's operating performance. the multiples are derived from comparable publicly-traded companies with similar operating and investment characteristics to the corporate solutions reporting unit. the market approach requires management's judgment to determine several valuation inputs, including the selection of comparable companies and control premium.
the control premium is based on recent transactions in the marketplace. under the income approach, we estimated future cash flows of our corporate solutions reporting unit based on internally generated forecasts of future financial performance. we determined a long-term growth rate for the terminal year period based on historical and expected inflation rates as well as management's estimate of the long-term growth of the business. we then discounted the projected cash flows using the appropriate weighted average cost of capital for the corporate solutions reporting unit.
although we believe our estimates of fair value are reasonable, the determination of certain valuation inputs is subject to management's judgment. changes in these inputs could materially affect the results of our impairment review. if our forecasts of cash flows generated by our corporate solutions reporting unit or other key inputs are negatively revised in the future, the estimated fair value of the corporate solutions reporting unit would be adversely impacted, potentially leading to an impairment in the future that could materially affect our operating results.
indefinite-lived intangible assets and related impairment intangible assets deemed to have indefinite useful lives are not amortized but instead are tested for impairment at least annually and more frequently whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the fair value of the asset may be less than its carrying amount. the fair value of indefinite-lived intangible assets is primarily determined on the basis of estimated discounted value, using the relief from royalty approach or excess earnings approach for trade names and the greenfield approach for exchange and clearing registrations and licenses, both of which incorporate assumptions regarding future revenue projections and discount rates. similar to goodwill impairment testing, we test for impairment of indefinite-lived intangible assets during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year using carrying amounts as of october 1. in conducting the 2016 annual impairment test for indefinite-lived intangible assets, we first performed a qualitative assessment to determine whether it was more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset was less than the carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it was necessary to perform the quantitative impairment test described in asc topic 350. the more-likely-than-not threshold is defined as having a likelihood of more than 50 percent. if, after assessing the totality of events or circumstances, we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount, then the quantitative test for indefinite-lived intangible assets impairment is performed for the appropriate intangible assets. if the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment charge is recorded for the difference.
as discussed in "intangible asset impairment charges," of note 5, "goodwill and acquired intangible assets," to the consolidated financial statements, we recorded the following pre-tax, non-cash indefinite-lived asset impairment charges during 2016 and 2015:
•   december 2016: $578 million to write off the full value of the espeed trade name; and
•   march 2015: $119 million - in connection with our global rebranding initiative, we decided to change our company name from the nasdaq omx group, inc. to nasdaq, inc., which became effective in the third quarter of 2015. in connection with this action, we decided to discontinue the use of the omx trade name, and therefore wrote off the full value of the trade name.
these charges did not impact the company's consolidated cash flows, liquidity, or capital resources. the write off of the espeed trade name is recorded in asset impairment charges in the consolidated statements of income for 2016 and the write off of the omx trade name is recorded in restructuring charges in the consolidated statements of income for 2015.
there were no other impairments of indefinite-lived intangible assets for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014.
other long-lived assets and related impairment we review our other long-lived assets, such as finite-lived intangible assets, equity and cost method investments, as well as property and equipment for potential impairment when there is evidence that events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. the carrying amount of an asset is not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset. we evaluate our equity and cost method investments for other-than-temporary declines in value by considering a variety of factors such as the earnings capacity of the investment and the fair value of the investment compared to its carrying amount. in addition, for investments where the market value is readily determinable, we consider the underlying stock price as an additional factor. any required impairment loss is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair value and is recorded as a reduction in the carrying amount of the related asset and a charge to operating results.
among our finite-lived intangible assets, we performed an undiscounted cash flow analysis to test whether the espeed customer relationship intangible asset was recoverable as we concluded that indicators of impairment were present in the current year as discussed in "intangible asset impairment charges," of note 5, "goodwill and acquired intangible assets," to the consolidated financial statements. as of december 31, 2016, the espeed customer relationship intangible asset had a remaining net book value of $57 million. the results of the recoverability test indicated that the estimated future undiscounted cash flows exceeded the carrying amount of the asset by a significant amount. therefore, no impairment charge was recorded in 2016. we will continue to monitor potential triggering events. any changes in these factors could result in further testing for recoverability, and, if it is determined that the carrying amount of the asset is not recoverable, an impairment of the asset would then be recorded.
we evaluate our equity method investments for other-than-temporary declines in value by considering a variety of factors such as the earnings capacity of the investment. as of december 31, 2016, the estimated fair value of our investment in the order machine was less than the carrying amount and management considered the decline in value to be other-than-temporary. as a result, we recorded a non-cash impairment charge of $7 million in december 2016 to write off the full value of the investment. this charge is recorded in net income from unconsolidated investees in the consolidated statements of income. no other impairments of equity method investments were recorded in 2016, 2015 or 2014.
during 2014, we recorded intangible asset impairment charges of $38 million. see "intangible asset impairment charges," of note 5, "goodwill and acquired intangible assets," for further discussion of impairment charges recorded on our finite-lived intangible assets.
income taxes estimates and judgments are required in the calculation of certain tax liabilities and in the determination of the recoverability of certain deferred tax assets, which arise from net operating loss carryforwards, tax credit carryforwards and temporary differences between the tax and financial statement recognition of revenue and expense. our deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the recorded deferred tax assets will not be realized in future periods. management is required to determine whether a tax position is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. once it is determined that a position meets the recognition thresholds, the position is measured to determine the amount of benefit to be recognized in the consolidated financial statements. interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters are recognized in income tax expense.
in assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we consider all available evidence including past operating results, the existence of cumulative losses in the most recent fiscal years, estimates of future taxable income and the feasibility of tax planning strategies. in the event that we change our determination as to the amount of deferred tax assets that can be realized, we will adjust our valuation allowance with a corresponding impact to the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made.
in addition, the calculation of our tax liabilities involves uncertainties in the application of tax regulations in the u.s. and other tax jurisdictions. we recognize potential liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues in such jurisdictions based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes and interest may be due. while we believe that our tax liabilities reflect the probable outcome of identified tax uncertainties, it is reasonably possible that the ultimate resolution of any tax
matter may be greater or less than the amount accrued. if events occur and the payment of these amounts ultimately proves unnecessary, the reversal of the liabilities would result in tax benefits being recognized in the period when we determine the liabilities are no longer necessary. if our estimate of tax liabilities proves to be less than the ultimate assessment, a further charge to expense would result.