item 1a. risk factors unless otherwise indicated, "we," "us," "our" and similar terms, as well as references to the "company," refer to o'reilly automotive, inc. and its subsidiaries.
our future performance is subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. although the risks described below are the risks that we believe are material, there may also be risks of which we are currently unaware, or that we currently regard as immaterial based upon the information available to us that later may prove to be material. interested parties should be aware that the occurrence of the events described in these risk factors, elsewhere in this form 10-k and in our other filings with the securities and exchange commission could
have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. actual results, therefore, may materially differ from anticipated results described in our forward-looking statements.
deteriorating economic conditions may adversely impact demand for our products, reduce access to credit and cause our customers and others, with which we do business, to suffer financial hardship, all of which could adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
although demand for many of our products is primarily non-discretionary in nature and tend to be purchased by consumers out of necessity, rather than on an impulse basis, our sales are impacted by constraints on the economic health of our customers. the economic health of our customers is affected by many factors, including, among others, general business conditions, interest rates, inflation, consumer debt levels, the availability of consumer credit, currency exchange rates, taxation, fuel prices, unemployment levels and other matters that influence consumer confidence and spending. many of these factors are outside of our control. our customers' purchases, including purchases of our products, could decline during periods when income is lower, when prices increase in response to rising costs, or in periods of actual or perceived unfavorable economic conditions. in addition, restrictions on access to telematics, diagnostic tools and repair information imposed by the original vehicle manufacturers or by governmental regulations may force vehicle owners to rely on dealers to perform maintenance and repairs. if any of these events occur, or if unfavorable economic conditions challenge the consumer environment, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected.
overall demand for products sold in the automotive aftermarket is dependent upon many factors including the total number of vehicle miles driven in the u.s., the total number of registered vehicles in the u.s., the age and quality of these registered vehicles and the level of unemployment in the u.s. adverse changes in these factors could lead to a decreased level of demand for our products, which could negatively impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
in addition, economic conditions, including decreased access to credit, may result in financial difficulties leading to restructurings, bankruptcies, liquidations and other unfavorable events for our customers, suppliers, logistics and other service providers and financial institutions that are counterparties to our credit facilities. furthermore, the ability of these third parties to overcome these difficulties may increase. if third parties, on whom we rely for merchandise, are unable to overcome difficulties resulting from the deterioration in economic conditions and provide us with the merchandise we need, or if counterparties to our credit facilities do not perform their obligations, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected.
the automotive aftermarket business is highly competitive, and we may have to risk our capital to remain competitive.
both the do-it-yourself ("diy") and professional service provider portions of our business are highly competitive, particularly in the more densely populated areas that we serve. some of our competitors are larger than we are and have greater financial resources. in addition, some of our competitors are smaller than we are, but have a greater presence than we do in a particular market. we may have to expend more resources and risk additional capital to remain competitive. for a list of our principal competitors, see the "competition" section of item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k.
we are sensitive to regional economic and weather conditions that could impact our costs and sales.
our business is sensitive to national and regional economic and weather conditions, and natural disasters. unusually inclement weather, such as significant rain, snow, sleet, freezing rain, flooding, seismic activity and hurricanes, has historically discouraged our customers from visiting our stores during the affected period and reduced our sales, particularly to diy customers. extreme weather conditions, such as extreme heat and extreme cold temperatures, may enhance demand for our products due to increased failure rates of our customers' automotive parts, while temperate weather conditions may have a lesser impact on failure rates of automotive parts. in addition, our stores and distribution centers ("dcs") located in coastal regions may be subject to increased insurance claims resulting from regional weather conditions and our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected.
we believe that our ability to open additional, profitable stores at a high growth rate will be a significant factor in achieving our growth objectives for the future. our ability to accomplish our growth objectives is dependent, in part, on matters beyond our control, such as weather conditions, zoning, and other issues related to new store site development, the availability of qualified management personnel and general business and economic conditions. we cannot be sure that our growth plans for 2017 and beyond will be achieved. failure to achieve our growth objectives may negatively impact the trading price of our common stock. for a discussion of our growth strategies, see the "growth strategy" section of item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k.
our success has been largely dependent on the efforts of certain key personnel. in order to be successful, we will need to retain and motivate executives and other key employees. experienced management and technical personnel are in high demand and competition for their talents is intense. we must also continue to motivate employees and keep them focused on our strategies and goals. our business, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected by the unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our key employees. we cannot be sure that we will be able to continue to attract qualified personnel, which could cause us to be less efficient
and, as a result, may adversely impact our sales and profitability. for a discussion of our management, see the "business" section of item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k.
a change in the relationship with any of our key suppliers, the unavailability of our key products at competitive prices or changes in trade policies could affect our financial health.
our business depends on developing and maintaining close relationships with our suppliers and on our suppliers' ability or willingness to sell quality products to us at favorable prices and terms. many factors outside of our control may harm these relationships and the ability or willingness of these suppliers to sell us products on favorable terms. for example, financial or operational difficulties that our suppliers may face could increase the cost of the products we purchase from them or our ability to source product from them. in addition, the trend toward consolidation among automotive parts suppliers, as well as the off-shoring of manufacturing capacity to foreign countries, may disrupt or end our relationship with some suppliers and could lead to less competition and result in higher prices. we could also be negatively impacted by suppliers who might experience work stoppages, labor strikes or other interruptions to, or difficulties in the, manufacture or supply of the products we purchase from them. changes in u.s. trade policies, practices, tariffs or taxes could affect our ability and our suppliers' ability to source product at current volumes and/or prices.
risks associated with future acquisitions may not lead to expected growth and could result in increased costs and inefficiencies.
we expect to continue to make acquisitions as an element of our growth strategy. acquisitions involve certain risks that could cause our actual growth and profitability to differ from our expectations, examples of such risks include the following:
•   we may not be able to continue to identify suitable acquisition targets or to acquire additional companies at favorable prices or on other favorable terms.
•   we may assume unanticipated legal liabilities and other problems.
•   we may not be able to successfully integrate the operations (accounting and billing functions, for example) of businesses we acquire to realize economic, operational and other benefits.
•   we may fail, or be unable to, discover liabilities of businesses that we acquire for which we or the subsequent owner or operator may be liable.
business interruptions in our distribution centers or other facilities may affect our store hours, operability of our computer systems, and/or availability and distribution of merchandise, which may affect our business.
weather, terrorist activities, war or other disasters, or the threat of them, may result in the closure of one or more of our dcs or other facilities, or may adversely affect our ability to deliver inventory to our stores on a nightly basis. this may affect our ability to timely provide products to our customers, resulting in lost sales or a potential loss of customer loyalty. some of our merchandise is imported from other countries and these goods could become difficult or impossible to bring into the united states, and we may not be able to obtain such merchandise from other sources at similar prices. such a disruption in revenue could potentially have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we rely extensively on our computer systems to manage inventory, process transactions and timely provide products to our customers. our systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches or other catastrophic events. if our systems are damaged or fail to function properly, we may experience loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to manage inventories or process customer transactions. such a disruption of our systems could negatively impact revenue and potentially have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
failure to achieve and maintain a high level of product and service quality may reduce our brand value and negatively impact our business.
we believe our company has built an excellent reputation as a leading retailer in the automotive aftermarket industry. we believe our continued success depends, in part, on our ability to preserve, grow and leverage the value of our brand. brand value is based, in large part, on perceptions of subjective qualities and even isolated incidents can erode trust and confidence, particularly if they result in adverse publicity, governmental investigations or litigation, which can negatively impact these perceptions and lead to adverse effects on our business or team members.
the market price of our common stock may be volatile and could expose us to securities class action litigation.
the stock market and the price of our common stock may be subject to wide fluctuations based upon general economic and market conditions. the market price of our common stock may also be affected by our ability to meet analysts' expectations and failure to meet such expectations, even slightly, could have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock.
in addition, stock market volatility has had a significant effect on the market prices of securities issued by many companies for reasons unrelated to the operating performance of these companies. downturns in the stock market may cause the price of our common stock to decline. in the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company's securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against such companies. if similar litigation were instituted against us, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management's attention and resources, which could have an adverse effect on our business.
we have an unsecured revolving credit facility and unsecured senior notes, which could have important consequences to our financial health. for example, our level of indebtedness could, among other things,
•   make it more difficult to satisfy our financial obligations, including those relating to the senior unsecured notes and our credit facility;
•   increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions;
•   limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes and opportunities in our industry, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage;
•   require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows to service the principal and interest on the debt, reducing the funds available for other business purposes, such as working capital, capital expenditures or other cash requirements;
•   limit our ability to incur additional debt with acceptable terms, if at all; and
in addition, the terms of our financing obligations include restrictions, such as affirmative, negative and financial covenants, conditions on borrowing and subsidiary guarantees. a failure to comply with these restrictions could result in a default under our financing obligations or could require us to obtain waivers from our lenders for failure to comply with these restrictions. the occurrence of a default that remains uncured or the inability to secure a necessary consent or waiver could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
a downgrade in our credit rating would impact our cost of capital and could impact the market value of our unsecured senior notes, as well as limit our access to attractive supplier financing programs.
credit ratings are an important component of our cost of capital. these ratings are based upon, among other factors, our financial strength. our current credit ratings provide us with the ability to borrow funds at favorable rates. a downgrade in our current credit rating from either rating agency could adversely affect our cost of capital by causing us to pay a higher interest rate on borrowed funds under our unsecured revolving credit facility and a higher facility fee on commitments under our unsecured revolving credit facility. a downgrade in our current credit rating could also adversely affect the market price and/or liquidity of our unsecured senior notes, preventing a holder from selling the unsecured senior notes at a favorable price, as well as adversely affect our ability to issue new notes in the future. in addition, a downgrade in our current credit rating could limit the financial institutions willing to commit funds to our supplier financing programs at attractive rates. decreased participation in our supplier financing programs would lead to an increase in working capital needed to operate the business, adversely affecting our cash flows.
a breach of customer, team member or company information could damage our reputation or result in substantial additional costs or possible litigation.
our business involves the storage of personal information about our customers and team members. we have taken reasonable and appropriate steps to protect this information; however, if we experience a significant data security breach, we could be exposed to damage to our reputation, additional costs, lost sales or possible regulatory action. the regulatory environment related to information security and privacy is constantly evolving, and compliance with those requirements could result in additional costs. there is no guarantee that the procedures that we have implemented to protect against unauthorized access to secured data are adequate to safeguard against all data security breaches, and such a breach could potentially have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
litigation, governmental proceedings, environmental legislation and regulations, employment legislation and regulations and healthcare reform legislation may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we are, and in the future may become, involved in lawsuits, regulatory inquiries, and governmental and other legal proceedings, arising out of the ordinary course of our business. the damages sought against us in some of these litigation proceedings may be material and may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
environmental legislation and regulations, like the initiatives to limit greenhouse gas emissions and bills related to climate change, could adversely impact all industries. while it is uncertain whether these initiatives will become law, additional climate change related mandates could potentially be forthcoming and these matters, if enacted, could adversely impact our costs, by, among other things, increasing fuel prices.
our business is subject to employment legislation and regulations, including requirements related to minimum wage. our success depends, in part, on our ability to manage operating costs and identify opportunities to reduce costs. our ability to meet labor needs, while controlling costs is subject to external factors, such as minimum wage legislation. a violation of, or change in, employment legislation and/or regulations could hinder our ability to control costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
the enacted patient protection and affordable care act, as well as other healthcare reform legislation considered by congress and state legislatures, significantly impacts our healthcare cost structure and increases our healthcare-related expenses. we continue to evaluate potential additional impacts the healthcare reform legislation will have on our business and the steps necessary to mitigate such impacts. if we cannot effectively mitigate the potential additional impacts of the healthcare reform legislation, our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be adversely impacted.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations unless otherwise indicated, "we," "us," "our" and similar terms, as well as references to the "company" or "o'reilly," refer to o'reilly automotive, inc. and its subsidiaries.
in management's discussion and analysis, we provide a historical and prospective narrative of our general financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and certain other factors that may affect our future results, including
•   key events and recent developments within our company;
•   our liquidity and capital resources;
•   any contractual obligations, to which we are committed;
•   our critical accounting estimates;
•   the inflation and seasonality of our business;
the review of management's discussion and analysis should be made in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements, related notes and other financial information, forward-looking statements and other risk factors included elsewhere in this annual report.
forward-looking statements we claim the protection of the safe-harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. you can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as "estimate," "may," "could," "will," "believe," "expect," "would," "consider," "should," "anticipate," "project," "plan," "intend" or similar words. in addition, statements contained within this annual report that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, such as statements discussing, among other things, expected growth, store development, integration and expansion strategy, business strategies, future revenues and future performance. these forward-looking statements are based on estimates, projections, beliefs and assumptions and are not guarantees of future events and results. such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including, but not limited to, the economy in general, inflation, product demand, the market for auto parts, competition, weather, risks associated with the performance of acquired businesses, our ability to hire and retain qualified employees, consumer debt levels, our increased debt levels, credit ratings on public debt, governmental regulations, terrorist activities, war and the threat of war. actual results may materially differ from anticipated results described or implied in these forward-looking statements. please refer to the "risk factors" section of this annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2016, for additional factors that could materially affect our financial performance. forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they were made, and we undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law.
overview we are a specialty retailer of automotive aftermarket parts, tools, supplies, equipment and accessories in the united states. we are one of the largest u.s. automotive aftermarket specialty retailers, selling our products to both do-it-yourself ("diy") customers and professional service providers - our "dual market strategy." our stores carry an extensive product line consisting of new and remanufactured automotive hard parts, maintenance items, accessories, a complete line of auto body paint and related materials, automotive tools and professional service provider service equipment. our extensive product line includes an assortment of products that are differentiated by quality and price for most of the product lines we offer. for many of our product offerings, this quality differentiation reflects "good," "better," and "best" alternatives. our sales and total gross margin dollars are highest for the "best" quality category of products. consumers' willingness to select products at a higher point on the value spectrum is a driver of sales and profitability in our industry. our stores also offer enhanced services and programs to our customers, including used oil, oil filter and battery recycling; battery, wiper and bulb replacement; battery diagnostic testing; electrical and module testing; check engine light code extraction; loaner tool program; drum and rotor resurfacing; custom hydraulic hoses; professional paint shop mixing and related materials; and machine shops. as of december 31, 2016, we operated 4,829 stores in 47 states.
operating within the retail industry, we are influenced by a number of general macroeconomic factors including, but not limited to, fuel costs, unemployment rates, consumer preferences and spending habits, and competition. we have ongoing initiatives aimed at tailoring our product offering to adjust to customers' changing preferences, and we also have initiatives focused on marketing and training to educate customers on the advantages of ongoing vehicle maintenance, as well as "purchasing up" on the value spectrum.
we believe the key drivers of current and future demand of the products sold within the automotive aftermarket include the number of u.s. miles driven, number of u.s. registered vehicles, new light vehicle registrations, average vehicle age and unemployment.
•   number of miles driven - the number of total miles driven in the u.s. influences the demand for repair and maintenance products sold within the automotive aftermarket. in total, vehicles in the u.s. are driven approximately 3 trillion miles per year, resulting in ongoing wear and tear and a corresponding continued demand for the repair and maintenance products necessary to keep these vehicles in operation. according to the department of transportation, the number of total miles driven in the u.s. increased 2.8%, 3.5% and 1.7% in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, and we expect to continue to see modest improvements in total miles driven in the u.s., supported by an increasing number of registered vehicles on the road, resulting in continued demand for automotive aftermarket products.
•   number of u.s. registered vehicles, new light vehicle registrations and average vehicle age - the total number of vehicles on the road and the average age of the vehicle population heavily influence the demand for products sold within the automotive aftermarket industry. as reported by the auto care association, the total number of registered vehicles increased 6% from 2005 to 2015, bringing the number of light vehicles on the road to 258 million by the end of 2015. for the year ended december 31, 2016, the seasonally adjusted annual rate of light vehicles sales in the u.s. ("saar") was approximately 18.3 million, contributing to the continued growth in the total number of registered vehicles on the road. in the past decade, vehicle scrappage rates have remained relatively stable, ranging from 4.4% to 5.7% annually. as a result, over the past decade, the average age of the u.s. vehicle population has increased, growing 22%, from 9.4 years in 2005 to 11.5 years in 2015. we believe this increase in average age can be attributed to better engineered and manufactured vehicles, which can be reliably driven at higher mileages due to better quality power trains and interiors and exteriors, and the consumer's willingness to invest in maintaining these higher-mileage, better built vehicles. as the average age of the vehicle on the road increases, a larger percentage of miles are being driven by vehicles that are outside of a manufacturer warranty. these out-of-warranty, older vehicles generate strong demand for automotive aftermarket products as they go through more routine maintenance cycles, have more frequent mechanical failures and generally require more maintenance than newer vehicles. we believe consumers will continue to invest in these reliable, higher-quality, higher-mileage vehicles and these investments, along with an increasing total light vehicle fleet, will support continued demand for automotive aftermarket products.
•   unemployment - unemployment, underemployment, the threat of future joblessness and the uncertainty surrounding the overall economic health of the u.s. have a negative impact on consumer confidence and the level of consumer discretionary spending. long-term trends of high unemployment have historically impeded the growth of annual miles driven, as well as decrease consumer discretionary spending, both of which negatively impact demand for products sold in the automotive aftermarket industry. as of december 31, 2015, the u.s. unemployment rate was 5.0%, and as of december 31, 2016, the u.s. unemployment rate decreased to 4.7%. we believe, total employment should remain at healthy levels with marginal improvements, and we would expect to see an increase in commuter traffic with a growing work force, further aiding the positive trend of growth of total miles driven in the u.s. and demand for automotive aftermarket products.
we remain confident in our ability to gain market share in our existing markets and grow our business in new markets by focusing on our dual market strategy and the core o'reilly values of hard work and excellent customer service.
•   under the company's share repurchase program, as approved by our board of directors in january of 2011, we may, from time to time, repurchase shares of our common stock, solely through open market purchases effected through a broker dealer at prevailing market prices, based on a variety of factors such as price, corporate trading policy requirements and overall market conditions. our board of directors may increase or otherwise modify, renew, suspend or terminate the share repurchase program at any time, without prior notice. as announced on february 10, 2016, may 27, 2016, and november 16, 2016, our board of directors each time approved a resolution to increase the authorization amount under our share repurchase program by an additional $750 million, resulting in a cumulative authorization amount of $7.75 billion. each additional authorization is effective for a three-year period, beginning on its respective announcement date. as of february 28, 2017, we had repurchased approximately 58.4 million shares of our common stock at an aggregate cost of $7.25 billion under this program.
•   on march 8, 2016, we issued $500 million aggregate principal amount of unsecured 3.550% senior notes due 2026 ("3.550% senior notes due 2026") at a price to the public of 99.832% of their face value with united missouri bank, n.a. as trustee. interest on the 3.550% senior notes due 2026 is payable on march 15 and september 15 of each year, which began with the first interest payment on september 15, 2016, and is computed on the basis of a 360-day year.
gross profit                                                         52.5             52.3             51.4
we believe the increased sales achieved by our stores were the result of store growth, sales from one additional day due to leap day for the year ended december 31, 2016, sales from the acquired 48 bond stores, the high levels of customer service provided by our well-trained and technically proficient team members, superior inventory availability, including same day and over-night access to inventory in our regional distribution centers, enhanced services and programs offered in our stores, a broader selection of product offerings in most stores with a dynamic catalog system to identify and source parts, a targeted promotional and advertising effort through a variety of media and localized promotional events, continued improvement in the merchandising and store layouts of our stores, compensation programs for all store team members that provide incentives for performance and our continued focus on serving both diy and professional service provider customers.
our comparable store sales increase for the year ended december 31, 2016, was driven by increases in average ticket values and customer transaction counts from both our diy and professional service provider customers. the improvement in average ticket values was the result of the increasing complexity and cost of replacement parts necessary to maintain the current population of better engineered and more technically advanced vehicles. these better engineered, more technically advanced vehicles require less frequent repairs, as the component parts are more durable and last for longer periods of time. this decrease in repair frequency creates pressure on customer transaction counts; however, when repairs are needed, the cost of replacement parts is, on average, greater, which is a benefit to average ticket values. customer transaction counts for both diy and professional service provider customers increased for the year ended december 31, 2016, despite the added pressure from the better engineered, more technically advance vehicles requiring less frequent repairs. the increase in customer transaction counts was supported by an increase in miles driven, and the corresponding increase in vehicle maintenance, lower year-over-year gas prices and decreasing unemployment levels, creating an overall positive macroeconomic environment. the increase in our diy customer transaction counts benefited from our continued focus on ensuring our stores are staffed with knowledgeable parts professionals to assist our diy customers during high diy traffic periods, such as nights and weekends. the increase in our professional service provider customer transaction counts benefited from the continued growth of our less mature markets and our better parts and service availability.
gross profit:
gross profit for the year ended december 31, 2016, increased to $4.51 billion (or 52.5% of sales) from $4.16 billion (or 52.3% of sales) for the same period one year ago, representing an increase of 8%. the increase in gross profit dollars for the year ended december 31, 2016, was primarily a result of the increase in comparable store sales at existing stores, sales from new stores and one additional day due to leap day. the increase in gross profit as a percentage of sales for the year ended december 31, 2016, was primarily due to product acquisition cost improvements, partially offset by a larger non-cash last-in, first-out ("lifo") impact. product acquisition cost improvements are the result of our ongoing negotiations with our suppliers to improve our inventory purchase costs based on our increasing scale. the non-cash lifo impact is the result of these continued product acquisition cost reductions, and due to these reductions, we fully depleted our lifo reserve in 2013. our policy is to not write up inventory in excess of replacement cost, and accordingly, we are effectively valuing our inventory at replacement cost. during the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, our lifo costs were written down by approximately $49 million and $28 million, respectively, to reflect replacement cost.
selling, general and administrative expenses ("sg&a") for the year ended december 31, 2016, increased to $2.81 billion (or 32.7% of sales) from $2.65 billion (or 33.2% of sales) for the same period one year ago, representing an increase of 6%. the increase in total sg&a dollars for the year ended december 31, 2016, was primarily the result of additional team members, facilities and vehicles to support our increased sales and store count and one additional day due to leap day. the decrease in sg&a as a percentage of sales for the year ended december 31, 2016, was primarily the result of increased leverage of store occupancy costs on comparable store sales growth and a $19 million litigation loss charge in the prior year, resulting from an adverse verdict in a contract dispute with a former service provider.
total other expense for the year ended december 31, 2016, increased to $62 million (or 0.7% of sales), from $54 million (or 0.7% of sales) for the same period one year ago, representing an increase of 16%. the increase in total other expense for the year ended december 31, 2016, was primarily the result of increased interest expense on higher average outstanding borrowings and increased amortization of debt issuance costs, partially offset by an increase in the value of our trading securities. for additional information concerning our trading securities, see notes to consolidated financial statements in this annual report on form 10-k.
due to a larger amount of favorable resolutions of historical tax matters in 2015, compared to 2016, and a smaller benefit in 2016 from the realization of employment tax credits.
we believe the increased sales achieved by our stores were the result of store growth, and the high levels of customer service provided by our well-trained and technically proficient team members, superior inventory availability, including same day and over-night access to inventory in our regional distribution centers, enhanced services and programs offered in our stores, a broader selection of product offerings in most stores with a dynamic catalog system to identify and source parts, a targeted promotional and advertising effort through a variety of media and localized promotional events, continued improvement in the merchandising and store layouts of our stores, compensation programs for all store team members that provide incentives for performance and our focus on serving both diy and professional service provider customers.
our comparable store sales increase for the year ended december 31, 2015, was driven by increases in average ticket values and customer transaction counts for both our diy and professional service provider customers. the improvement in average ticket values was the result of the increasing complexity and cost of replacement parts necessary to maintain the current population of better engineered and more technically advanced vehicles, and this improvement was without the benefit of an increase in the selling price of like kind items. these better engineered vehicles require less frequent repairs, as the component parts are more durable and last for longer periods of time, which does create pressure on customer transaction counts; however, when repairs are required, the cost of replacement parts is, on average, greater. despite pressure from these better engineered vehicles requiring less frequent repairs, customer transaction counts increased for both our diy and professional service provider customers for the year ended december 31, 2015. these increases in transaction counts were driven by an increase in miles driven and a corresponding increase in vehicle maintenance, which was led by lower gas prices and decreasing unemployment levels. these factors created a positive macroeconomic environment, which was beneficial to both diy and professional service provider customer transaction counts. in addition, the increase in our diy transaction counts benefited from our continued focus on staffing our stores with knowledgeable parts professionals to assist our diy customers during high diy traffic periods, including nights and weekends, and the increase in our professional service provider customer transaction counts benefited from the continued growth of our less mature stores.
gross profit:
gross profit for the year ended december 31, 2015, increased to $4.16 billion (or 52.3% of sales) from $3.71 billion (or 51.4% of sales) for the same period one year prior, representing an increase of 12%. the increase in gross profit dollars for the year ended december 31, 2015, was primarily a result of the increase in comparable store sales at existing stores and sales from new stores. the increase in gross profit as a percentage of sales for the year ended december 31, 2015, was primarily due to product acquisition cost improvements, a smaller non-cash negative lifo impact and distribution system efficiencies. acquisition cost improvements are the result of our ongoing negotiations with our suppliers to improve our inventory purchase costs based on our increasing scale. the non-cash negative lifo impact is the result of our continued product acquisition cost reductions, and due to these acquisition cost reductions, we fully depleted our lifo reserve in 2013. our policy is to not write up inventory in excess of replacement cost, and accordingly, we were effectively valuing our inventory at replacement cost. during the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, our lifo costs were written down by approximately $28 million and $41 million, respectively, to reflect replacement cost. distribution system efficiencies are the result of leverage on our increased sales volumes and lower fuel costs.
sg&a for the year ended december 31, 2015, increased to $2.65 billion (or 33.2% of sales) from $2.44 billion (or 33.8% of sales) for the same period one year prior, representing an increase of 9%. the increase in total sg&a dollars for the year ended december 31, 2015, was primarily the result of additional team members, facilities and vehicles to support our increased sales and store count and a $19 million litigation loss charge from an adverse verdict in a contract dispute with a former service provider. the decrease in sg&a as a percentage of sales for the year ended december 31, 2015, was primarily the result of increased leverage of store occupancy costs on strong comparable store sales results.
total other expense for the year ended december 31, 2015, increased to $54 million (or 0.7% of sales), from $48 million (or 0.7% of sales) for the same period one year prior, representing an increase of 11%. the increase in total other expense for the year ended december 31, 2015, was primarily the result of a decrease in the amount of capitalized interest in 2015, as compared to the same period in 2014.
our provision for income taxes for the year ended december 31, 2015, increased to $529 million (36.2% effective tax rate) from $444 million (36.3% effective tax rate) for the same period one year prior, representing an increase of 19%. the increase in our provision for income taxes for the year ended december 31, 2015, was the result of higher taxable income in 2015, driven by our strong operating results. the decrease in our effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2015, was primarily due to the non-typical favorable tax reserve adjustment, which was related to historical tax positions due to a previous acquisition, partially offset by a decreased benefit in 2015 from the realization of employment tax credits.
liquidity and capital resources our long-term business strategy requires capital to open new stores, fund strategic acquisitions, expand distribution infrastructure, operate and maintain existing stores and may include the opportunistic repurchase of shares of our common stock through our board-approved share repurchase program. the primary sources of our liquidity are funds generated from operations and borrowed under our unsecured revolving credit facility. decreased demand for our products or changes in customer buying patterns could negatively impact our ability to generate funds from operations. additionally, decreased demand or changes in customer buying patterns could impact our ability to meet the debt covenants of our credit agreement and, therefore, negatively impact the funds available under our unsecured revolving credit facility. we believe that cash expected to be provided by operating activities and availability under our unsecured revolving credit
facility will be sufficient to fund both our short-term and long-term capital and liquidity needs for the foreseeable future. however, there can be no assurance that we will continue to generate cash flows at or above recent levels.
liquidity and related ratios:
the following table highlights our liquidity and related ratios as of december 31, 2016 and 2015 (dollars in millions):
december 31,          percentage change liquidity and related ratios   2016                2015
current liabilities                    3,401               3,046                11.7          %
working capital (1)                     (143   )             (36   )          (297.2         )%
total equity                          $1,627              $1,961               (17.0         )%
debt to equity (2)                    1.16:1              0.71:1                63.4          %
(1)   working capital is calculated as current assets less current liabilities.
(2)   debt to equity is calculated as total debt divided by total equity.
current assets increased 8%, current liabilities increased 12%, total debt increased 36% and total equity decreased 17% from 2015 to 2016. the increase in current assets was primarily due to the increase in inventory, resulting from the opening of 210 net, new stores and acquiring 48 bond stores in 2016. the increase in current liabilities was primarily due to the increase in accounts payable, resulting from inventory growth related to new store openings supported in part by our suppliers and additional supplier participation in our supplier financing program during the year. our accounts payable to inventory ratio was 105.7% as of december 31, 2016, as compared to 99.1% in the prior year. the increase in total debt was attributable to the issuance of $500 million of 3.550% senior notes due 2026. the decrease in total equity resulted from the impact of share repurchase activity, under our share repurchase program, on additional paid-in-capital and retained earnings, partially offset by an increase in retained earnings from strong net income for the year.
the following table identifies cash provided by/(used in) our operating, investing and financing activities for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 (in thousands):
for the year ended december 31, liquidity                                              2016                    2015                    2014
operating activities                                          $1,454,167              $1,281,476              $1,190,430
investing activities                                            (529,096   )            (407,188   )            (423,402   )
financing activities                                            (894,774   )          (1,008,547   )            (747,786   )
capital expenditures                                            $476,344                $414,020                $429,987
(1)   calculated as net cash provided by operating activities, less capital expenditures for the period.
operating activities:
the increase in net cash provided by operating activities in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to an increase in net income and a greater decrease in net inventory investment, partially offset by a decrease in income taxes payable. net inventory investment reflects our investment in inventory, net of the amount of accounts payable to suppliers. our accounts payable to inventory ratio was 105.7%, 99.1% and 94.6% as of december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. the larger increase in our accounts payable to inventory ratio in 2016 was primarily attributable to incrementally better terms from our suppliers and additional suppliers participating in our supplier financing programs. the decrease from income taxes payable in 2016, compared to the increase in income taxes payable in 2015, was primarily the result of a prepaid income taxes position at the end of 2016, versus an income taxes payable position at the end of 2015.
the increase in net cash provided by operating activities in 2015 compared to 2014 was primarily due to an increase in net income and a greater increase in income taxes payable, partially offset by a smaller decrease in net inventory investment and a decrease in accrued payroll-related liabilities. the larger increase in income taxes payable was primarily the result of higher accrued income taxes payable at the end of 2015, as compared to the end of 2014. our net inventory investment continues to decrease as a result of the impact of our enhanced supplier financing programs. the smaller decrease in net inventory investment in 2015 was the result of fewer new suppliers entering our supplier financing programs in 2015, as compared to 2014. our accounts payable to inventory ratio was 99.1% and 94.6%
as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. the decrease in accrued payroll-related liabilities during 2015, as compared to the increase in 2014, was due to the timing of pay period end dates versus check dates.
investing activities:
the increase in net cash used in investing activities in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily the result of an increase in capital expenditures and other investing activities in 2016. total capital expenditures were $476 million and $414 million in 2016 and 2015, respectively, and the increase was primarily related to the timing of property acquisitions, closings and construction costs for new stores and our distribution expansion projects during 2016, as compared to 2015. the increase in other investing activities was primarily due to small acquisitions during 2016.
the increase in net cash used in investing activities in 2015 compared to 2014 was primarily the result of a decrease in capital expenditures. total capital expenditures were $414 million and $430 million in 2015 and 2014, respectively, and the decrease was primarily related to the construction of additional distribution facilities in 2014 to support our ongoing store growth, partially offset by an increase in the number of new store openings in 2015.
we opened 210, 205, and 200 net, new stores in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, and acquired 48 bond stores in 2016. we plan to open 190 net, new stores in 2017. the current costs associated with the opening of a new store, including the cost of land acquisition, building improvements, fixtures, vehicles, net inventory investment and computer equipment, are estimated to average approximately $1.5 million to $1.8 million; however, such costs may be significantly reduced where we lease, rather than purchase, the store site.
financing activities:
the decrease in net cash used in financing activities during 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily attributable to net proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt during 2016, partially offset by a greater impact from the repurchases of our common stock under our share repurchase program during 2016.
the increase in net cash used in financing activities during 2015 compared to 2014 was primarily attributable to a greater impact from the repurchases of our common stock under our share repurchase program during 2015.
unsecured revolving credit facility:
on january 14, 2011, we entered into a credit agreement, as amended by amendment no. 1 dated as of september 9, 2011, as further amended by amendment no. 2 dated as of july 2, 2013, and as further amended by amendment no. 3 dated as of june 18, 2015 (the "credit agreement"). the credit agreement provides for a $600 million unsecured revolving credit facility (the "revolving credit facility") arranged by bank of america, n.a., which is scheduled to mature in july 2018. the credit agreement includes a $200 million sub-limit for the issuance of letters of credit and a $75 million sub-limit for swing line borrowings. as described in the credit agreement governing the revolving credit facility, we may, from time to time subject to certain conditions, increase the aggregate commitments under the revolving credit facility by up to $200 million.
as of december 31, 2016 and 2015, we had outstanding letters of credit, primarily to support obligations related to workers' compensation, general liability and other insurance policies, in the amounts of $39 million and $38 million, respectively, reducing the aggregate availability under the revolving credit facility by those amounts. as of december 31, 2016 and 2015, we had no outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility.
on march 8, 2016, we issued $500 million aggregate principal amount of unsecured 3.550% senior notes due 2026 ("3.550% senior notes due 2026") at a price to the public of 99.832% of their face value with united missouri bank, n.a. ("umb") as trustee. interest on the 3.550% senior notes due 2026 is payable on march 15 and september 15 of each year, which began with the first interest payment on september 15, 2016, and is computed on the basis of a 360-day year.
we have issued a cumulative $1.90 billion aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes, which are due between january 2021 and march 2026 with umb as trustee. interest on the senior notes, ranging from 3.550% to 4.875%, is payable semi-annually and is computed on the basis of a 360-day year.
the senior notes are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by each of our subsidiaries ("subsidiary guarantors") that incurs or guarantees obligations under our credit agreement or under other credit facility or capital markets debt of ours or any of our subsidiary guarantors. the guarantees are joint and several and full and unconditional, subject to certain customary automatic release provisions, including release of the subsidiary guarantor's guarantee under our credit agreement and certain other debt, or, in certain circumstances, the sale or other disposition of a majority of the voting power of the capital interest in, or of all or substantially all the property of, the subsidiary guarantor.  each of the subsidiary guarantors is 100% owned, directly or indirectly, by us, and we have no independent assets or operations other than those of our subsidiaries. our only direct or indirect subsidiaries that would not be subsidiary guarantors would be minor
subsidiaries. neither we, nor any of our subsidiary guarantors, are subject to any material or significant restrictions on our ability to obtain funds from our subsidiaries by dividend or loan or to transfer assets from such subsidiaries, except as provided by applicable law.
the indentures governing our senior notes contain covenants that limit our ability and the ability of certain of our subsidiaries to, among other things: (i) create certain liens on assets to secure certain debt; (ii) enter into certain sale and leaseback transactions; and (iii) merge or consolidate with another company or transfer all or substantially all of our or its property, in each case as set forth in the indentures. these covenants are, however, subject to a number of important limitations and exceptions. as of december 31, 2016, we were in compliance with the covenants applicable to our senior notes.
the credit agreement contains certain covenants, including limitations on indebtedness, a minimum consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio of 2.50 times and a maximum consolidated leverage ratio of 3.00 times. the consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio includes a calculation of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, rent and non-cash share-based compensation expense ("ebitdar"). fixed charges include interest expense, capitalized interest and rent expense. the consolidated leverage ratio includes a calculation of adjusted debt to ebitdar. adjusted debt includes outstanding debt, outstanding stand-by letters of credit and similar instruments, six-times rent expense and excludes any premium or discount recorded in conjunction with the issuance of long-term debt. in the event that we should default on any covenant contained within the credit agreement, certain actions may be taken, including, but not limited to, possible termination of commitments, immediate payment of outstanding principal amounts plus accrued interest and other amounts payable under the credit agreement and litigation from our lenders. we had a consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio of 6.15 times and 5.99 times as of december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and a consolidated leverage ratio of 1.63 times and 1.52 times as of december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, remaining in compliance with all covenants related to the borrowing arrangements. under our current financing plan, we have targeted an adjusted debt to ebitdar ratio range of 2.00 times to 2.25 times.
the table below outlines the calculations of the consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio and consolidated leverage ratio covenants, as defined in the credit agreement governing the revolving credit facility, for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015 (dollars in thousands):
non-gaap ebitdar                              $2,228,100                $2,022,909
capitalized interest                               7,933                     7,423
add: stand-by letters of credit                   38,680                    37,536
free cash flow, the consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio and consolidated leverage ratio discussed and presented in the tables above are not derived in accordance with united states generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"). we do not, nor do we suggest investors should, consider such non-gaap financial measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, gaap financial information. we believe that the presentation of our free cash flow, consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio and consolidated leverage ratio provides meaningful supplemental information to both management and investors and reflects the required covenants under our credit agreement. we include these items in judging our performance and believe this non-gaap information is useful to investors as well. material limitations of these non-gaap measures are that such measures do not reflect actual gaap amounts. we compensate for such limitations by presenting, in the tables above, a reconciliation to the most directly comparable gaap measures.
in january of 2011, our board of directors approved a share repurchase program. under the program, we may, from time to time, repurchase shares of our common stock, solely through open market purchases effected through a broker dealer at prevailing market prices, based on a variety of factors such as price, corporate trading policy requirements and overall market conditions. our board of directors may increase or otherwise modify, renew, suspend or terminate the share repurchase program at any time, without prior notice. as announced on february 10, 2016, may 27, 2016, and november 16, 2016, our board of directors each time approved a resolution to increase the authorization amount under our share repurchase program by an additional $750 million, resulting in a cumulative authorization amount of $7.75 billion. each additional authorization is effective for a three-year period, beginning on its respective announcement date.
as of december 31, 2016, we had $888 million remaining under our share repurchase program. subsequent to the end of the year and through february 28, 2017, we repurchased an additional 1.4 million shares of our common stock under our share repurchase program, at an average price of $267.32, for a total investment of $388 million. we have repurchased a total of 58 million shares of our common stock under our share repurchase program since the inception of the program in january of 2011 and through february 28, 2017, at an average price of $124.14 for a total aggregate investment of $7.25 billion. as of february 28, 2017, we had approximately $500 million remaining under our share repurchase program.
contractual obligations our contractual obligations as of december 31, 2016, included commitments for short and long-term debt arrangements, interest payments related to long-term debt, future payments under non-cancelable lease arrangements, self-insurance reserves, purchase obligations for construction contract commitments and other long-term liabilities, which are identified in the table below and are fully disclosed in note 6 "leasing," note 9 "share-based compensation and benefit plans" and note 10 "commitments" to the consolidated financial statements. we expect to fund these commitments primarily with operating cash flows expected to be generated in the normal course of business or through borrowings under our revolving credit facility.
deferred income taxes, as well as commitments with various suppliers for the purchase of inventory, are not reflected in the table below due to the absence of scheduled maturities, the nature of the account or the commitment's cancellation terms. due to the absence of scheduled maturities, the timing of certain of these payments cannot be determined, except for amounts estimated to be payable in 2017, which are included in "current liabilities" on our consolidated balance sheets.
we record a reserve for potential liabilities related to uncertain tax positions, including estimated interest and penalties, which are fully disclosed in note 12 "income taxes" to the consolidated financial statements. these estimates are not included in the table below because the timing related to the ultimate resolution or settlement of these positions cannot be determined. as of december 31, 2016, we recorded a net liability of $41 million related to these uncertain tax positions on our consolidated balance sheets, all of which was included as a component of "other liabilities."
we record a reserve for the projected obligation related to future payments under the company's nonqualified deferred compensation plan, which is fully disclosed in note 9 "share-based compensation and benefit plans" to the consolidated financial statements. this
estimate is not included in the table below because the timing related to the ultimate payment cannot be determined. as of december 31, 2016, we recorded a liability of $20 million related to this uncertain liability on our consolidated balance sheets, all of which was included as a component of "other liabilities."
construction commitments                                          79,618                79,618                      -                          -                          -
(1)   our revolving credit facility, which has a maximum aggregate commitment of $600 million and matures in july 2018, bears interest (other than swing line loans), at our option, at either the base rate or eurodollar rate (both as defined in the agreement) plus a margin, that will vary from 0.875% to 1.250% in the case of loans bearing interest at the eurodollar rate and 0.000% to 0.250% in the case of loans bearing interest at the base rate, in each case based upon the better of the ratings assigned to our debt by moody's investor service, inc. and standard &amp; poor's rating services, subject to limited exceptions. swing line loans made under the revolving credit facility bear interest at the base rate plus the applicable margin described above. in addition, we pay a facility fee on the aggregate amount of the commitments in an amount equal to a percentage of such commitments, varying from 0.125% to 0.250% per annum based upon the better of the ratings assigned to our debt by moody's investor service, inc. and standard &amp; poor's rating services, subject to limited exceptions. based on our current credit ratings, our margin for base rate loans was 0.000%, our margin for eurodollar rate loans was 0.875% and our facility fee was 0.125%. as of december 31, 2016, we had no outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility.
(3)   we use various self-insurance mechanisms to provide for potential liabilities from workers' compensation, vehicle and general liability, and employee health care benefits. the self-insurance reserves above are at the undiscounted obligation amount. the self-insurance reserves liabilities are recorded on our consolidated balance sheets at our estimate of their net present value and do not have scheduled maturities; however, we can estimate the timing of future payments based upon historical patterns. see note 10 "commitments" to the consolidated financial statements for further information on our self-insurance reserves.
off-balance sheet arrangements off-balance sheet arrangements are transactions, agreements, or other contractual arrangements with an unconsolidated entity, for which we have an obligation to the entity that is not recorded in our consolidated financial statements. we historically utilized various off-balance sheet financial instruments, including sale-leaseback and synthetic lease transactions, but we have not entered into any such transactions for over five years and do not plan to utilize off-balance sheet arrangements in the future to fund our working capital requirements, operations or growth plans.
we issue stand-by letters of credit provided by a $200 million sub limit under the revolving credit facility that reduce our available borrowings under the revolving credit facility. those letters of credit are issued primarily to satisfy the requirements of workers' compensation, general liability and other insurance policies. substantially all of the outstanding letters of credit have a one-year term from the date of issuance. letters of credit totaling $39 million and $38 million were outstanding at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
other than in connection with executing operating leases, we do not have any off-balance sheet financing that has, or is reasonably likely to have, a material, current or future effect on our financial condition, cash flows, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. see "contractual obligations" section of item 7 of this annual report on form 10-k and note 6 "leasing" to the consolidated financial statements for further information on our operating leases.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of our financial statements in accordance with gaap requires the application of certain estimates and judgments by management. management bases its assumptions, estimates, and adjustments on historical experience, current trends and other factors believed to be relevant at the time the consolidated financial statements are prepared. management believes that the following policies are critical due to the inherent uncertainty of these matters and the complex and subjective judgments required in establishing these
estimates. management continues to review these critical accounting policies and estimates to ensure that the consolidated financial statements are presented fairly in accordance with gaap. however, actual results could differ from our assumptions and estimates and such differences could be material.
inventory, which consists of automotive hard parts, maintenance items, accessories and tools, is stated at the lower of cost or market. the extended nature of the life cycle of our products is such that the risk of obsolescence of our inventory is minimal. the products that we sell generally have applications in our markets for a relatively long period of time in conjunction with the corresponding vehicle population. we have developed sophisticated systems for monitoring the life cycle of a given product and, accordingly, have historically been very successful in adjusting the volume of our inventory in conjunction with a decrease in demand. we do record a reserve to reduce the carrying value of our inventory through a charge to cost of sales in the isolated instances where we believe that the market value of a product line is lower than our recorded cost. this reserve is based on our assumptions about the marketability of our existing inventory and is subject to uncertainty to the extent that we must estimate, at a given point in time, the market value of inventory that will be sold in future periods. ultimately, our projections could differ from actual results and could result in a material impact to our stated inventory balances. we have historically not had to materially adjust our obsolescence reserves due to the factors discussed above and do not anticipate that we will experience material changes in our estimates in the future.
we also record a reserve to reduce the carrying value of our perpetual inventory to account for quantities in our perpetual records above the actual existing quantities on hand caused by unrecorded shrink. we estimate this reserve based on the results of our extensive and frequent cycle counting programs and periodic, full physical inventories. to the extent that our estimates do not accurately reflect the actual unrecorded inventory shrinkage, we could potentially experience a material impact to our inventory balances. we have historically been able to provide a timely and accurate measurement of shrink and have not experienced material adjustments to our estimates. if the shrink reserve changed 10% from the estimate that we recorded based on our historical experience at december 31, 2016, the financial impact would have been approximately $1 million or 0.1% of pretax income for the year ended december 31, 2016.
we evaluate the carrying value of long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of these assets might exceed their current fair values. as part of the evaluation, we review performance at the store level to identify any stores with current period operating losses that should be considered for impairment. a potential impairment has occurred if the projected future undiscounted cash flows realized from the best possible use of the asset are less than the carrying value of the asset. the estimate of cash flows includes management's assumptions of cash inflows and outflows directly resulting from the use of that asset in operations. if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the assets. our impairment analyses contain estimates due to the inherently judgmental nature of forecasting long-term estimated cash flows and determining the ultimate useful lives and fair values of the assets. actual results could differ from these estimates, which could materially impact our impairment assessment.
we review goodwill for impairment annually during the fourth quarter, or when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of these assets might exceed their current fair values. we have never recorded an impairment to goodwill. the process of evaluating goodwill for impairment involves the determination of the fair value of our company using the market approach. inherent in such fair value determinations are certain judgments and estimates, including estimates that incorporate assumptions marketplace participants would use in making their estimates of fair value. in the future, if events or market conditions affect the estimated fair value to the extent that an asset is impaired, we will adjust the carrying value of these assets in the period in which the impairment occurs; however, we do not believe there has been any change of events or circumstances that would indicate that a reevaluation of goodwill is required as of december 31, 2016, nor do we believe goodwill is at risk of failing impairment testing. if the price of o'reilly's stock, which was a primary input used to determine our market capitalization during step one of goodwill impairment testing, changed by 10% from the value used during testing, the results and our conclusions would not have changed and no further steps would have been required.
we receive concessions from our suppliers through a variety of programs and arrangements, including co-operative advertising, allowances for warranties, merchandise allowances and volume purchase rebates. co-operative advertising allowances that are incremental to our advertising program, specific to a product or event and identifiable for accounting purposes are reported as a reduction of advertising expense in the period in which the advertising occurred. all other material supplier concessions are recognized as a reduction to the cost of sales. amounts receivable from suppliers also include amounts due to us relating to supplier purchases and product returns. management regularly reviews amounts receivable from suppliers and assesses the need for a reserve for uncollectible amounts based on our evaluation of our suppliers' financial position and corresponding ability to meet their financial obligations. based on our historical results and current assessment, we have not recorded a reserve for uncollectible amounts in our consolidated financial statements, and we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that our ability to collect these amounts will differ from our expectations. the eventual ability of our suppliers to pay us the obliged amounts could differ from our assumptions and estimates, and we may be exposed to losses or gains that could be material.
we offer warranties on certain merchandise we sell with warranty periods ranging from 30 days to limited lifetime warranties. the risk of loss arising from warranty claims is typically the obligation of our suppliers. certain suppliers provide upfront allowances to us in lieu of accepting the obligation for warranty claims. for this merchandise, when sold, we bear the risk of loss associated with the cost of warranty claims. differences between supplier allowances received in lieu of warranty obligations and estimated warranty expense are recorded as an adjustment to the cost of sales. estimated warranty costs, which are recorded as obligations at the time of sale, are based on the historical failure rate of each individual product line. our historical experience has been that failure rates are relatively consistent over time and that the ultimate cost of warranty claims has been driven by volume of units sold as opposed to fluctuations in failure rates or the variation of the cost of individual claims. if warranty reserves were changed 10% from our estimated reserves at december 31, 2016, the financial impact would have been approximately $4 million or 0.2% of pretax income for the year ended december 31, 2016.
we use a combination of insurance and self-insurance mechanisms to provide for potential liabilities from workers' compensation, general liability, vehicle liability, property loss, and team member health care benefits. with the exception of certain team member health care benefit liabilities, employment related claims and litigation, certain commercial litigation and certain regulatory matters, we obtain third-party insurance coverage to limit our exposure for any individual workers' compensation, general liability, vehicle liability or property loss claim. when estimating our self-insurance liabilities, we consider a number of factors, including historical claims experience and trend-lines, projected medical and legal inflation, growth patterns and exposure forecasts. the assumptions made by management as they relate to each of these factors represent our judgment as to the most probable cumulative impact of each factor to our future obligations. our calculation of self-insurance liabilities requires management to apply judgment to estimate the ultimate cost to settle reported claims and claims incurred but not yet reported as of the balance sheet date, and the application of alternative assumptions could result in a different estimate of these liabilities. actual claim activity or development may vary from our assumptions and estimates, which may result in material losses or gains. as we obtain additional information that affects the assumptions and estimates we used to recognize liabilities for claims incurred in prior accounting periods, we adjust our self-insurance liabilities to reflect the revised estimates based on this additional information. these liabilities are recorded at our estimate of their net present value, using a credit-adjusted discount rate. these liabilities do not have scheduled maturities, but we can estimate the timing of future payments based upon historical patterns. we could apply alternative assumptions regarding the timing of payments or the applicable discount rate that could result in materially different estimates of the net present value of the liabilities. if self-insurance reserves were changed 10% from our estimated reserves at december 31, 2016, the financial impact would have been approximately $13 million or 0.8% of pretax income for the year ended december 31, 2016.
we maintain reserves for expenses associated with litigation, for which o'reilly is currently involved. we are currently involved in litigation incidental to the ordinary conduct of our business. management, with the assistance of outside legal counsel, must make estimates of potential legal obligations and possible liabilities arising from such litigation and records reserves for these expenditures. if legal reserves were changed 10% from our estimated reserves at december 31, 2016, the financial impact would have been approximately $4 million or 0.2% of pretax income for the year ended december 31, 2016.
we operate within multiple taxing jurisdictions and are subject to audit in these jurisdictions. these audits can involve complex issues, which may require an extended period of time to resolve. we regularly review our potential tax liabilities for tax years subject to audit. the amount of such liabilities is based on various factors, such as differing interpretations of tax regulations by the responsible tax authority, experience with previous tax audits and applicable tax law rulings. changes in our tax liability may occur in the future as our assessments change based on the progress of tax examinations in various jurisdictions and/or changes in tax regulations. in management's opinion, adequate provisions for income taxes have been made for all years presented. the estimates of our potential tax liabilities contain uncertainties because management must use judgment to estimate the exposures associated with our various tax positions and actual results could differ from our estimates. alternatively, we could have applied assumptions regarding the eventual outcome of the resolution of open tax positions that could differ from our current estimates but would still be reasonable given the nature of a particular position. while our estimates are subject to the uncertainty noted in the preceding discussion, our initial estimates of our potential tax liabilities have historically not been materially different from actual results, except in instances where we have reversed liabilities that were recorded for periods that were subsequently closed with the applicable taxing authority.
inflation and seasonality for the last three fiscal years, we have generally been successful in reducing the effects of merchandise cost increases principally by taking advantage of supplier incentive programs, economies of scale resulting from increased volume of purchases and selective forward buying. to the extent our acquisition cost increased due to base commodity price increases industry-wide, we have typically been able
to some extent, our business is seasonal primarily as a result of the impact of weather conditions on customer buying patterns. while we have historically realized operating profits in each quarter of the year, our store sales and profits have historically been higher in the second and third quarters (april through september) than in the first and fourth quarters (october through march) of the year.
quarterly results the following tables set forth certain quarterly unaudited operating data for fiscal years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015. the unaudited quarterly information includes all adjustments, which management considers necessary for a fair presentation of the information shown (in thousands, except per share and comparable store sales data):
gross profit                                     1,097,579                1,127,179                1,170,026                1,114,227
gross profit                                       986,959                1,058,791                1,089,254                1,027,639
the unaudited operating data presented above should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this annual report, and the other financial information included therein.
recent accounting pronouncements in may of 2014, the financial accounting standards board (the "fasb") issued accounting standard update ("asu") no. 2014-09, "revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606)" ("asu 2014-09"). under asu 2014-09, an entity is required to follow a five-step process to determine the amount of revenue to recognize when promised goods or services are transferred to customers. asu 2014-09 offers specific accounting guidance for costs to obtain or fulfill a contract with a customer. in addition, an entity is required to disclose sufficient information to understand the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. in august of 2015, the fasb issued asu no. 2015-14, "revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606): deferral of the effective date" ("asu 2015-14"), to defer the effective date of asu 2014-09 by one year. for public companies, asu 2015-14 changes asu 2014-09 to be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period. these asus can be adopted retrospectively or as a cumulative-effective adjustment at the date of adoption, with early adoption allowed, but not before december 15, 2016. we will adopt this guidance beginning with our first quarter ending march 31, 2018. we have established a task force, composed of multiple functional groups inside of the company, that is currently in the process of evaluating critical components of this new guidance and the potential impact of the guidance on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. based on the preliminary work completed, we are considering the potential implications of the new standard on our recognition of customer related accounts receivable, warranty costs
that are not the responsibility of our suppliers, the application of the company's retail o'rewards loyalty program and all applicable financial statement disclosures required by the new guidance. at this time, the task force has not completed its evaluation of the impact or means of adoption.
in february of 2016, the fasb issued asu no. 2016-02, "leases (topic 842)" ("asu 2016-02"). under asu 2016-02, an entity will be required to recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities on its balance sheet and disclose key information about leasing arrangements. asu 2016-02 offers specific accounting guidance for a lessee, a lessor and sale and leaseback transactions. lessees and lessors are required to disclose qualitative and quantitative information about leasing arrangements to enable a user of the financial statements to assess the amount, timing and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. for public companies, asu 2016-02 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2018, including interim periods within that reporting period, and requires a modified retrospective adoption, with early adoption permitted. we will adopt this guidance beginning with our first quarter ending march 31, 2019. we have established a task force, composed of multiple functional groups inside of the company, that is currently in the process of evaluating critical components this new guidance and the potential impact of the guidance on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. based on the preliminary work completed, we are considering the potential implications of the new standard on determining the discount rate to be used in valuing new and existing leases, the treatment of existing favorable and unfavorable lease agreements acquired in connection with previous acquisitions, procedural and operational changes that may be necessary to comply with the provisions of the guidance and all applicable financial statement disclosures required by the guidance, all of which are areas that could potentially be impacted by adoption of the guidance. at this time, the task force has not completed its full evaluation; however, we believe the adoption of the new guidance will have a material impact on the total assets and total liabilities reported on our consolidated balance sheets.
in march of 2016, the fasb issued asu no. 2016-06, "derivatives and hedging (topic 815): contingent put and call options in debt instruments" ("asu 2016-06"). asu 2016-06 clarifies the requirements for assessing whether contingent call or put options that can accelerate the payment of principal on debt instruments are clearly and closely related to the economic characteristics and risks of the debt hosts and requires entities to solely use the four-step decision sequence, which is already in existence, when assessing the embedded call or put options. for public companies, asu 2016-06 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2016, including interim periods within that reporting period, and can be adopted on a modified retrospective basis, with early adoption permitted. we will adopt this guidance beginning with our first quarter ending march 31, 2017. the application of this new guidance is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
in march of 2016, the fasb issued asu no. 2016-09, "compensation - stock compensation (topic 718): improvements to employee share-based payment accounting" ("asu 2016-09"). under asu 2016-09, several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows, were simplified. for public companies, asu 2016-09 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2016, including interim periods within that reporting period, with early adoption permitted. asu 2016-09 includes various adoption methods, depending on the guidance being adopted; amendments related to the timing of when excess tax benefits are recognized, minimum statutory withholding requirements and forfeitures should be applied using a modified retrospective transition method, while the amendments related to the presentation of employee taxes paid on the statement of cash flows should be applied retrospectively, the amendments requiring recognition of excess tax benefits and deficiencies in the income statement should be applied prospectively, and amendments related to the presentation of excess tax benefits on the statement of cash flows should be applied either prospectively or retrospectively. we will adopt this guidance beginning with our first quarter ending march 31, 2017. we are in the process of evaluating the future impact this new guidance will have on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows, as well as which method of adoption is most appropriate. at this time, we anticipate the adoption of the new guidance will prospectively impact our reported provision for income taxes, net income, weighted-average common shares outstanding - assuming dilution and earnings per share - assuming dilution, as well as retrospectively and prospectively impact our reported net cash provided by/used in operating activities and net cash provided by/used in financing activities.
in june of 2016, the fasb issued asu no. 2016-13, "financial instruments - credit losses (topic 326): measurement of credit losses on financial instruments" ("asu 2016-13"). under asu 2016-13, businesses and other organizations are required to present financial assets, measured at amortized costs basis, at the net amount expected to be collected. the allowance for credit losses is a valuation account that is deducted from the amortized cost basis, such as trade receivables. the measurement of expected credit loss will be based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectibility of the reported amount. for public companies, asu 2016-13 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2019, including interim periods within that reporting period, and requires a modified retrospective adoption, with early adoption permitted. we will adopt this guidance beginning with our first quarter ending march 31, 2020. the application of this new guidance is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
in august of 2016, the fasb issued asu no. 2016-15, "statement of cash flows (topic 230): classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments (a consensus of the fasb emerging issues task force)" ("asu 2016-15"). asu 2016-15 reduces the existing diversity in practice for eight specific parts on cash flow statement presentation and classification: debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs; settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments; contingent consideration payments made after a business combination; proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims; proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance (coli) policies; distributions received from equity method investments; beneficial interests in securitization transactions; and separately identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle. for public companies, asu 2016-15 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period, and requires retrospective adoption, with early adoption permitted. we will adopt this guidance beginning with our first quarter ending march 31, 2018. the application of this new guidance is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
in january of 2017, the fasb issued asu no. 2017-01, "business combinations (topic 805): clarifying the definition of a business" ("asu 2017-01"). asu 2017-01 revises the definition of a business in the accounting standards codification and clarifies the guidance for determining whether the purchase or disposal of an asset or group of assets qualifies as the purchase or disposal of a business. for public companies, asu 2017-01 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period, and requires prospective adoption, with early adoption permitted with certain conditions. we will adopt this guidance beginning with our first quarter ending march 31, 2018. the application of this new guidance is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
in january of 2017, the fasb issued asu no. 2017-04, "intangibles - goodwill and other (topic 350): simplifying the test for goodwill impairment" ("asu 2017-04"). asu 2017-04 eliminates the second step in the previous process for goodwill impairment testing; instead the test is now a one-step process that calls for goodwill impairment loss to be measured as the excess of the reporting unit's carrying amount over its fair value. for public companies, asu 2017-04 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2019, including interim periods within that reporting period, and requires prospective adoption, with early adoption after january 1, 2017. we will adopt this guidance beginning with our first quarter ending march 31, 2019. the application of this new guidance is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.