item 1a - risk factors xcel energy is subject to a variety of risks, many of which are beyond our control. important risks that may adversely affect the business, financial condition and results of operations are further described below. these risks should be carefully considered together with the other information set forth in this report and in future reports that xcel energy files with the sec.
oversight of risk and related processes a key accountability of the board of directors is the oversight of material risk, and our board of directors employs an effective process for doing so. management and each board of directors' committee has responsibility for overseeing the identification and mitigation of key risks and reporting its assessments and activities to the full board of directors.
management identifies and analyzes risks to determine materiality and other attributes such as timing, probability and controllability. management broadly considers our business, the utility industry, the domestic and global economies and the environment when identifying, assessing, managing and mitigating risk. identification and analysis occurs formally through a key risk assessment process conducted by senior management, the financial disclosure process, the hazard risk management process and internal auditing and compliance with financial and operational controls. management also identifies and analyzes risk through its business planning process and development of goals and key performance indicators, which include risk identification to determine barriers to implementing xcel energy's strategy. the business planning process also identifies areas in which there is a potential for a business area to take inappropriate risk to meet goals, and determines how to prevent inappropriate risk-taking.
at a threshold level, xcel energy has developed a robust compliance program and promotes a culture of compliance, including tone at the top, which mitigates risk. the process for risk mitigation includes adherence to our code of conduct and other compliance policies, operation of formal risk management structures and groups and overall business management to mitigate the risks inherent in the implementation strategy. building on this culture of compliance, xcel energy manages and further mitigates risks through operation of formal risk management structures and groups, including management councils, risk committees and the services of internal corporate areas such as internal audit, the corporate controller and legal services.
management communicates regularly with the board of directors and key stakeholders regarding risk. senior management presents a periodic assessment of key risks to the board of directors. the presentation and the discussion of the key risks provides the board of directors with information on the risks management believes are material, including the earnings impact, timing, likelihood and controllability. management also provides information to the board of directors in presentations and communications over the course of the year.
the board of directors approaches oversight, management and mitigation of risk as an integral and continuous part of its governance of xcel energy. first, the board of directors regularly reviews management's key risk assessment and analyzes areas of existing and future risks and opportunities. in addition, the board of directors assigns oversight of certain critical risks to each of its four standing committees to ensure these risks are well understood and given focused oversight by the appropriate committee. the audit committee is responsible for reviewing the adequacy of risk oversight and affirming that appropriate oversight occurs. new risks are considered and assigned as appropriate during the annual board of directors' and committee evaluation process, and committee charters and annual work plans are updated accordingly. committees regularly report on their oversight activities and certain risk issues may be brought to the full board of directors for consideration where deemed appropriate to ensure broad board of directors' understanding of the nature of the risk. finally, the board of directors conducts an annual strategy session where xcel energy's future plans and initiatives are reviewed and confirmed.
risks associated with our business environmental risks we are subject to environmental laws and regulations, with which compliance could be difficult and costly.
we are subject to environmental laws and regulations that affect many aspects of our past, present and future operations, including air emissions, water quality, wastewater discharges and the generation, transport and disposal of solid wastes and hazardous substances. these laws and regulations require us to obtain and comply with a wide variety of environmental requirements including those for protected natural and cultural resources (such as wetlands, endangered species and other protected wildlife, and archaeological and historical resources), licenses, permits, inspections and other approvals. environmental laws and regulations can also require us to restrict or limit the output of certain facilities or the use of certain fuels, shift generation to lower-emitting, but potentially more costly facilities, install pollution control equipment at our facilities, clean up spills and other contamination and correct environmental hazards. environmental regulations may also lead to shutdown of existing facilities, either due to the difficulty in assuring compliance or that the costs of compliance makes operation of the units no longer economical. both public officials and private individuals may seek to enforce the applicable environmental laws and regulations against us. we may be required to pay all or a portion of the cost to remediate (i.e., clean-up) sites where our past activities, or the activities of certain other parties, caused environmental contamination. at dec. 31, 2016, these sites included:
•   sites of former mgps operated by our subsidiaries, predecessors or other entities; and
•   third party sites, such as landfills, for which we are alleged to be a prp that sent hazardous materials and wastes.
we are also subject to mandates to provide customers with clean energy, renewable energy and energy conservation offerings. failure to meet the requirements of these mandates may result in fines or penalties, which could have a material effect on our results of operations. if our regulators do not allow us to recover all or a part of the cost of capital investment or the o&m costs incurred to comply with the mandates, it could have a material effect on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
in addition, existing environmental laws or regulations may be revised, and new laws or regulations may be adopted or become applicable to us, including but not limited to, regulation of mercury, nox, so2, co2 and other ghgs, particulates, cooling water intakes, water discharges and ash management. we may also incur additional unanticipated obligations or liabilities under existing environmental laws and regulations.
we are subject to physical and financial risks associated with climate change.
climate change can create physical and financial risk. physical risks from climate change can include changes in weather conditions, changes in precipitation and extreme weather events.
our customers' energy needs vary with weather conditions, primarily temperature and humidity. for residential customers, heating and cooling represent their largest energy use. to the extent weather conditions are affected by climate change, customers' energy use could increase or decrease. increased energy use due to weather changes may require us to invest in additional generating assets, transmission and other infrastructure to serve increased load. decreased energy use due to weather changes may result in decreased revenues. extreme weather conditions in general require more system backup, adding to costs, and can contribute to increased system stress, including service interruptions. weather conditions outside of our service territory could also have an impact on our revenues. we buy and sell electricity depending upon system needs and market opportunities. extreme weather conditions creating high energy demand may raise electricity prices, which would increase the cost of energy we provide to our customers.
severe weather impacts our service territories, primarily when thunderstorms, tornadoes and snow or ice storms occur. to the extent the frequency of extreme weather events increases, this could increase our cost of providing service. changes in precipitation resulting in droughts or water shortages, whether caused by climate change or otherwise, could adversely affect our operations, principally our fossil generating units. a negative impact to water supplies due to long-term drought conditions could adversely impact our ability to provide electricity to customers, as well as increase the price they pay for energy. we may not recover all costs related to mitigating these physical and financial risks.
climate change may impact a region's economic health, which could impact our revenues. our financial performance is tied to the health of the regional economies we serve. the price of energy has an impact on the economic health of our communities. the cost of additional regulatory requirements, such as regulation of co2 emissions under the caa, or additional environmental regulation could impact the availability of goods and prices charged by our suppliers which would normally be borne by consumers through higher prices for energy and purchased goods. to the extent financial markets view climate change and emissions of ghgs as a financial risk, this could negatively affect our ability to access capital markets or cause us to receive less than ideal terms and conditions.
financial risks our profitability depends in part on the ability of our utility subsidiaries to recover their costs from their customers and there may be changes in circumstances or in the regulatory environment that impair the ability of our utility subsidiaries to recover costs from their customers.
we are subject to comprehensive regulation by federal and state utility regulatory agencies. the utility commissions in the states where we operate regulate many aspects of our utility operations, including siting and construction of facilities, customer service and the rates that we can charge customers. the ferc has jurisdiction, among other things, over wholesale rates for electric transmission service, the sale of electric energy in interstate commerce and certain natural gas transactions in interstate commerce.
the profitability of our utility operations is dependent on our ability to recover the costs of providing energy and utility services to our customers and earn a return on our capital investment. our utility subsidiaries provide service at rates approved by one or more regulatory commissions. these rates are generally regulated and based on an analysis of the utility's costs incurred in a test year. our utility subsidiaries are subject to both future and historical test years depending upon the regulatory mechanisms approved in each jurisdiction. thus, the rates a utility is allowed to charge may or may not match its costs at any given time. while rate regulation is premised on providing an opportunity to earn a reasonable rate of return on invested capital, in a continued low interest rate environment there has been pressure pushing down roe. there can also be no assurance that the applicable regulatory commission will judge all the costs of our utility subsidiaries to have been prudent, which could result in cost disallowances, or that the regulatory process in which rates are determined will always result in rates that will produce full recovery of such costs. changes in the long-term cost-effectiveness or changes to the operating conditions of our assets may result in early retirements and while regulation typically provides relief for these types of changes, there is no assurance that regulators would allow full recovery of all remaining costs leaving all or a portion of these asset costs stranded. rising fuel costs could increase the risk that our utility subsidiaries will not be able to fully recover their fuel costs from their customers. furthermore, there could be changes in the regulatory environment that would impair the ability of our utility subsidiaries to recover costs historically collected from their customers.
management currently believes these prudently incurred costs are recoverable given the existing regulatory mechanisms in place. however, adverse regulatory rulings or the imposition of additional regulations could have an adverse impact on our results of operations and hence could materially and adversely affect our ability to meet our financial obligations, including debt payments and the payment of dividends on our common stock.
any reductions in our credit ratings could increase our financing costs and the cost of maintaining certain contractual relationships.
we cannot be assured that any of our current ratings or our subsidiaries' ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time, or that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency. in addition, our credit ratings may change as a result of the differing methodologies or change in the methodologies used by the various rating agencies. any downgrade could lead to higher borrowing costs. also, our utility subsidiaries may enter into certain procurement and derivative contracts that require the posting of collateral or settlement of applicable contracts if credit ratings fall below investment grade.
we are subject to capital market and interest rate risks.
utility operations require significant capital investment. as a result, we frequently need to access capital markets. any disruption in capital markets could have a material impact on our ability to fund our operations. capital markets are global in nature and are impacted by numerous issues and events throughout the world economy. capital market disruption events and resulting broad financial market distress could prevent us from issuing new securities or cause us to issue securities with less than ideal terms and conditions, such as higher interest rates.
higher interest rates on short-term borrowings with variable interest rates could also have an adverse effect on our operating results. changes in interest rates may also impact the fair value of the debt securities in the nuclear decommissioning fund and master pension trust, as well as our ability to earn a return on short-term investments of excess cash.
we are subject to credit risks.
credit risk includes the risk that our customers will not pay their bills, which may lead to a reduction in liquidity and an increase in bad debt expense. credit risk is comprised of numerous factors including the price of products and services provided, the overall economy and local economies in the geographic areas we serve, including local unemployment rates.
credit risk also includes the risk that various counterparties that owe us money or product will breach their obligations. should the counterparties to these arrangements fail to perform, we may be forced to enter into alternative arrangements. in that event, our financial results could be adversely affected and we could incur losses.
one alternative available to address counterparty credit risk is to transact on liquid commodity exchanges. the credit risk is then socialized through the exchange central clearinghouse function. while exchanges do remove counterparty credit risk, all participants are subject to margin requirements, which create an additional need for liquidity to post margin as exchange positions change value daily. the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act (dodd-frank act) requires broad clearing of financial swap transactions through a central counterparty, which could lead to additional margin requirements that would impact our liquidity. however, we have taken advantage of an exception to mandatory clearing afforded to commercial end-users who are not classified as a major swap participant. the board of directors has authorized xcel energy and its subsidiaries to take advantage of this end-user exception.
we may at times have direct credit exposure in our short-term wholesale and commodity trading activity to various financial institutions trading for their own accounts or issuing collateral support on behalf of other counterparties. we may also have some indirect credit exposure due to participation in organized markets, such as spp, pjm, miso and ercot, in which any credit losses are socialized to all market participants.
we do have additional indirect credit exposures to various domestic and foreign financial institutions in the form of letters of credit provided as security by power suppliers under various long-term physical purchased power contracts. if any of the credit ratings of the letter of credit issuers were to drop below the designated investment grade rating stipulated in the underlying long-term purchased power contracts, the supplier would need to replace that security with an acceptable substitute. if the security were not replaced, the party could be in technical default under the contract, which would enable us to exercise our contractual rights.
increasing costs associated with our defined benefit retirement plans and other employee benefits may adversely affect our results of operations, financial position or liquidity.
we have defined benefit pension and postretirement plans that cover most of our employees. assumptions related to future costs, return on investments, interest rates and other actuarial assumptions, including mortality tables, have a significant impact on our funding requirements related to these plans. these estimates and assumptions may change based on economic conditions, actual stock and bond market performance, changes in interest rates and changes in governmental regulations. in addition, the pension protection act changed the minimum funding requirements for defined benefit pension plans with modifications that allowed additional flexibility in the timing of contributions. therefore, our funding requirements and related contributions may change in the future. also, the payout of a significant percentage of pension plan liabilities in a single year due to high retirements or employees leaving xcel energy could trigger settlement accounting and could require xcel energy to recognize material incremental pension expense related to unrecognized plan losses in the year these liabilities are paid.
increasing costs associated with health care plans may adversely affect our results of operations.
our self-insured costs of health care benefits for eligible employees have increased in recent years. increasing levels of large individual health care claims and overall health care claims could have an adverse impact on our operating results, financial position and liquidity. we believe that our employee benefit costs, including costs related to health care plans for our employees and former employees, will continue to rise. changes in industry standards utilized by management in key assumptions (e.g., mortality tables) could have a significant impact on future liabilities and benefit costs. legislation related to health care could also significantly change our benefit programs and costs.
we are a holding company and our investments in our subsidiaries are our primary assets. substantially all of our operations are conducted by our subsidiaries. consequently, our operating cash flow and our ability to service our indebtedness and pay dividends depends upon the operating cash flows of our subsidiaries and the payment dividends to us. our subsidiaries are separate legal entities that have no obligation to pay any amounts due pursuant to our obligations or to make any funds available for dividends on our common stock. in addition, each subsidiary's ability to pay dividends to us depends on any statutory and/or contractual restrictions which may include requirements to maintain minimum levels of equity ratios, working capital or assets. also, our utility subsidiaries are regulated by various state utility commissions, which possess broad powers to ensure that the needs of the utility customers are being met.
if our utility subsidiaries were to cease making dividend payments, our ability to pay dividends on our common stock or otherwise meet our financial obligations could be adversely affected.
changes in federal tax law may significantly impact our business.
there are a number of provisions in federal tax law designed to incentivize capital investments which have benefited our customers by keeping rates lower than without such provisions. examples of these include the use of accelerated and bonus depreciation for most of our capital investments, ptcs for wind energy, investment tax credits for solar energy and research and development tax credits and deductions. changes to current federal tax law have the ability to benefit or adversely affect our earnings and our customer costs. significant changes in corporate tax rates could result in the impairment of deferred tax assets that are established based on existing law. changes to the value of various tax credits could change the economics of resources and our resource selections. while regulation allows us to incorporate changes in tax law into the rate-setting process, there could be timing delays before realization of the changes.
operational risks we are subject to commodity risks and other risks associated with energy markets and energy production.
we engage in wholesale sales and purchases of electric capacity, energy and energy-related products as well as natural gas. as a result we are subject to market supply and commodity price risk. commodity price changes can affect the value of our commodity trading derivatives. we mark certain derivatives to estimated fair market value on a daily basis (mark-to-market accounting). actual settlements can vary significantly from estimated fair values recorded, and significant changes from the assumptions underlying our fair value estimates could cause significant earnings variability.
if we encounter market supply shortages or our suppliers are otherwise unable to meet their contractual obligations, we may be unable to fulfill our contractual obligations to our customers at previously anticipated costs. therefore, a significant disruption could cause us to seek alternative supply services at potentially higher costs or suffer increased liability for unfulfilled contractual obligations. any significantly higher energy or fuel costs relative to corresponding sales commitments could have a negative impact on our cash flows and potentially result in economic losses. potential market supply shortages may not be fully resolved through alternative supply sources and may cause short-term disruptions in our ability to provide electric and/or natural gas services to our customers. the impact of these cost and reliability issues vary in magnitude for each operating subsidiary depending upon unique operating conditions such as generation fuels mix, availability of water for cooling, availability of fuel transportation including rail shipments of coal, electric generation capacity, transmission, natural gas pipeline capacity, etc.
nsp-minnesota's two nuclear stations, pi and monticello, subject it to the risks of nuclear generation, which include:
•   the risks associated with use of radioactive material in the production of energy, the management, handling, storage and disposal and the current lack of a long-term disposal solution for radioactive materials;
•   limitations on the amounts and types of insurance available to cover losses that might arise in connection with nuclear operations; and
•   uncertainties with respect to the technological and financial aspects of decommissioning nuclear plants at the end of their licensed lives. for example, similar to pensions, interest rate and other assumptions regarding decommissioning costs may change based on economic conditions and changes in the expected life of the asset may cause our funding obligations to change.
the nrc has authority to impose licensing and safety-related requirements for the operation of nuclear generation facilities. in the event of non-compliance, the nrc has the authority to impose fines and/or shut down a unit until compliance is achieved. revised nrc safety requirements could necessitate substantial capital expenditures or a substantial increase in operating expenses. in addition, the institute for nuclear power operations reviews nsp-minnesota's nuclear operations and nuclear generation facilities. compliance with the institute for nuclear power operations' recommendations could result in substantial capital expenditures or a substantial increase in operating expenses.
if an incident did occur, it could have a material effect on our results of operations or financial condition. furthermore, the non-compliance of other nuclear facilities operators or the occurrence of a serious nuclear incident at other facilities could result in increased regulation of the industry, which could then increase nsp-minnesota's compliance costs and impact the results of operations of its facilities.
nsp-wisconsin's production and transmission system is operated on an integrated basis with nsp-minnesota's production and transmission system, and nsp-wisconsin may be subject to risks associated with nsp-minnesota's nuclear generation.
our utility operations are subject to long-term planning risks.
most electric utility investments are long-lived and are planned to be used for decades. transmission and generation investments typically have long lead times, and therefore are planned well in advance of when they are brought in-service subject to long-term resource plans. these plans are based on numerous assumptions over the planning horizon such as: sales growth, customer usage, economic activity, costs, regulatory mechanisms, customer behavior, available technology and public policy. the electric utility sector is undergoing a period of significant change. for example, public policy has driven increases in appliance and lighting efficiency and energy efficient buildings, wider adoption and lower cost of renewable generation and distributed generation, including community solar gardens and customer-sited solar, shifts away from coal generation to decrease co2 emissions and increasing use of natural gas in electric generation driven by lower natural gas prices. over time, customer adoption of these technologies and increased energy efficiency could result in excess transmission and generation resources as well as stranded costs if xcel energy is not able to fully recover the costs and investments. these changes also introduce additional uncertainty into long-term planning which gives rise to a risk that the magnitude and timing of resource additions and growth in customer demand may not coincide, and that the preference for the types of additions may change from planning to execution. in addition, we are also subject to longer-term availability of the natural resource inputs such as coal, natural gas, uranium and water to cool our facilities. lack of availability of these resources during the planning period could jeopardize long-term operations of our facilities or make them uneconomic to operate.
the resource plans reviewed and approved by our state regulators assume continuation of the traditional utility cost of service model under which utility costs are recovered from customers as they receive the benefit of service. xcel energy is engaged in significant and ongoing infrastructure investment programs to accommodate distributed generation and maintain high system reliability. xcel energy is also investing in renewable and natural gas-fired generation to reduce our co2 emissions profile. the inability of coal mining companies to attract capital could disrupt longer-term supplies. early plant retirements that may result from these changes could expose us to premature financial obligations, which could result in less than full recovery of all remaining costs. both decreasing use per customer driven by appliance and lighting efficiency and the availability of cost-effective distributed generation puts downward pressure on load growth. this could lead to under recovery of costs, excess resources to meet customer demand and increases in electric rates.
our natural gas and electric transmission and distribution operations involve numerous risks that may result in accidents and other operating risks and costs.
our natural gas transmission and distribution activities include a variety of inherent hazards and operating risks, such as leaks, explosions and mechanical problems, which could cause substantial financial losses. our electric transmission and distribution activities also include inherent hazards and operating risks such as contact, fire and widespread outages which could cause substantial financial losses. in addition, these natural gas and electric risks could result in loss of human life, significant damage to property, environmental pollution, impairment of our operations and substantial losses to us. we maintain insurance against some, but not all, of these risks and losses.
the occurrence of any of these events not fully covered by insurance could have a material effect on our financial position and results of operations. for our natural gas transmission or distribution lines located near populated areas, the level of potential damages resulting from these risks is greater.
additionally, for natural gas the operating or other costs that may be required in order to comply with potential new regulations, including the pipeline safety act, could be significant. the pipeline safety act requires verification of pipeline infrastructure records by pipeline owners and operators to confirm the maximum allowable operating pressure of lines located in high consequence areas or more-densely populated areas. we have programs in place to comply with the pipeline safety act and for systematic infrastructure monitoring and renewal over time. a significant incident could increase regulatory scrutiny and result in penalties and higher costs of operations.
public policy risks we may be subject to legislative and regulatory responses to climate change and emissions, with which compliance could be difficult and costly.
increased public awareness and concern regarding climate change may result in more state, regional and/or federal requirements to reduce or mitigate the effects of ghgs. legislative and regulatory responses related to climate change and new interpretations of existing laws through climate change litigation create financial risk as our electric generating facilities may be subject to additional regulation at either the state or federal level in the future. such regulations could impose substantial costs on our system. international agreements could have an impact to the extent they lead to future federal or state regulations.
in 2015, the 21st conference of the parties to the united nations framework convention on climate change reached consensus among 190 nations on an agreement (the paris agreement) that establishes a framework for ghg mitigation actions by all countries ("nationally determined contributions"), with a goal of holding the increase in global average temperature to below 2o celsius above pre-industrial levels and an aspiration to limit the increase to 1.5o celsius. if implemented, the paris agreement could result in future additional ghg reductions in the united states.
we have been, and in the future may be, subject to climate change lawsuits. an adverse outcome in any of these cases could require substantial capital expenditures and could possibly require payment of substantial penalties or damages. defense costs associated with such litigation can also be significant. such payments or expenditures could affect results of operations, cash flows and financial condition if such costs are not recovered through regulated rates.
the epa has proposed the cpp, which would regulate ghgs from power plants by mandating state plans to achieve state-specific emission reduction goals. the legality of the cpp has been challenged in the courts, and the supreme court stayed the rule while those challenges proceed. if the rule is ultimately implemented, uncertainties remain regarding implementation plans, including available opportunities to reduce costs, availability of emission trading, how states will allocate the reduction burden among utilities, what actions are creditable and the indirect impact of carbon regulation on natural gas and coal prices.
some states have indicated a desire to continue to pursue climate policies even in the absence of federal mandates. all of the steps that xcel energy has taken to date to reduce ghg emissions, including energy efficiency measures, adding renewable generation or retiring or converting coal plants to natural gas, occurred under state-endorsed resource plans, renewable energy standards and other state policies. while those actions likely would have put xcel energy in a good position to meet federal standards under the cpp or the paris agreement, repeal of these policies would not impact those state-endorsed actions and plans.
whether under state or federal programs, an important factor is our ability to recover the costs incurred to comply with any regulatory requirements in a timely manner. if our regulators do not allow us to recover all or a part of the cost of capital investment or the o&m costs incurred to comply with the mandates, it could have a material effect on our results of operations.
we are also subject to a significant number of proposed and potential rules that will impact our coal-fired and other generation facilities. these include rules associated with emissions of so2 and nox, mercury, regional haze, ozone and pm, water intakes, water discharges and ash management. the costs of investment to comply with these rules could be substantial and in some cases would lead to early retirement of coal units. we may not be able to timely recover all costs related to complying with regulatory requirements imposed on us.
increased risks of regulatory penalties could negatively impact our business.
the energy act increased civil penalty authority for violation of ferc statutes, rules and orders. the ferc can now impose penalties of up to $1.2 million per violation per day, particularly as it relates to energy trading activities for both electricity and natural gas. under statute, the ferc can adjust penalties for inflation. in addition, nerc electric reliability standards and critical infrastructure protection requirements are mandatory and subject to potential financial penalties by regional entities, the nerc or the ferc for violations. additionally, the phmsa, the occupational safety and health administration and other federal agencies also have penalty authority. in the event of serious incidents, these agencies have become more active in pursuing penalties. some states have the authority to impose substantial penalties in the event of non-compliance. if a serious reliability or safety incident did occur, it could have a material effect on our operations or financial results.
we attempt to mitigate the risk of regulatory penalties through formal training on such prohibited practices and a compliance function that reviews our interaction with the markets under ferc and cftc jurisdictions. we are also managing natural gas risk on our system by removing types of pipe (e.g. cast iron) with known problem tendencies and by testing transmission pipelines in high consequence areas. however, there is no guarantee our compliance programs will be sufficient to ensure against violations.
macroeconomic risks economic conditions impact our business.
our operations are affected by local, national and worldwide economic conditions. growth in our customer base is correlated with economic conditions. while the number of customers is growing, sales growth is relatively modest due to an increased focus on energy efficiency including federal standards for appliance and lighting efficiency and distributed generation, primarily solar pv. instability in the financial markets also may affect the cost of capital and our ability to raise capital, which is discussed in the capital market risk section above.
economic conditions may be impacted by insufficient financial sector liquidity leading to potential increased unemployment, which may impact customers' ability to pay timely, increase customer bankruptcies, and may lead to increased bad debt.
further, worldwide economic activity has an impact on the demand for basic commodities needed for utility infrastructure, such as steel, copper, aluminum, etc., which may impact our ability to acquire sufficient supplies. additionally, the cost of those commodities may be higher than expected.
our operations could be impacted by war, acts of terrorism, threats of terrorism or disruptions in normal operating conditions due to localized or regional events.
our generation plants, fuel storage facilities, transmission and distribution facilities and information systems may be targets of terrorist activities. any such disruption could result in a decrease in revenues and additional costs to repair and insure our assets. these disruptions could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations. the potential for terrorism has subjected our operations to increased risks and could have a material effect on our business. we have already incurred increased costs for security and capital expenditures in response to these risks. in addition, we may experience additional capital and operating costs to implement security for our plants, including our nuclear power plants under the nrc's design basis threat requirements. we have also already incurred increased costs for compliance with nerc reliability standards associated with critical infrastructure protection. in addition, we may experience additional capital and operating costs to comply with the nerc critical infrastructure protection standards as they are implemented and clarified.
the insurance industry has also been affected by these events and the availability of insurance may decrease. in addition, the insurance we are able to obtain may have higher deductibles, higher premiums and more restrictive policy terms.
a disruption of the regional electric transmission grid, interstate natural gas pipeline infrastructure or other fuel sources, could negatively impact our business. because our generation, the transmission systems and local natural gas distribution companies are part of an interconnected system, we face the risk of possible loss of business due to a disruption caused by the actions of a neighboring utility or an event (severe storm, severe temperature extremes, wildfires, solar storms, generator or transmission facility outage, breakdown or failure of equipment, pipeline rupture, railroad disruption, sudden and significant increase or decrease in wind generation or any disruption of work force such as may be caused by flu or other epidemic) within our operating systems or on a neighboring system. any such disruption could result in a significant decrease in revenues and significant additional costs to repair assets, which could have a material impact on our financial condition and results.
the degree to which we are able to maintain day-to-day operations in response to unforeseen events will in part determine the financial impact of certain events on our financial condition and results. it is difficult to predict the magnitude of such events and associated impacts.
a cyber incident or cyber security breach could have a material effect on our business.
we operate in an industry that requires the continued operation of sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure. in addition, we use our systems and infrastructure to create, collect, use, disclose, store, dispose of and otherwise process sensitive information, including company data, customer energy usage data, and personal information regarding customers, employees and their dependents, contractors, shareholders and other individuals.
our generation, transmission, distribution and fuel storage facilities, information technology systems and other infrastructure or physical assets, as well as the information processed in our systems (e.g., information about our customers, employees, operations, infrastructure and assets) could be affected by cyber security incidents, including those caused by human error. our industry has begun to see an increased volume and sophistication of cyber security incidents from international activist organizations, nation states and individuals. cyber security incidents could harm our businesses by limiting our generating, transmitting and distributing capabilities, delaying our development and construction of new facilities or capital improvement projects to existing facilities, disrupting our customer operations or exposing us to liability. our generation, transmission systems and natural gas pipelines are part of an interconnected system. therefore, a disruption caused by the impact of a cyber security incident of the regional electric transmission grid, natural gas pipeline infrastructure or other fuel sources of our third party service providers' operations, could also negatively impact our business. in addition, such an event would likely receive regulatory scrutiny at both the federal and state level. we are unable to quantify the potential impact of cyber security threats or subsequent related actions. these potential cyber security incidents and corresponding regulatory action could result in a material decrease in revenues and may cause significant additional costs (e.g., penalties, third party claims, repairs, insurance or compliance) and potentially disrupt our supply and markets for natural gas, oil and other fuels.
we maintain security measures designed to protect our information technology systems, network infrastructure and other assets. however, these assets and the information they process may be vulnerable to cyber security incidents, including the resulting disability, or failures of assets or unauthorized access to assets or information. if our technology systems were to fail or be breached, or those of our third-party service providers, we may be unable to fulfill critical business functions, including effectively maintaining certain internal controls over financial reporting. we are unable to quantify the potential impact of cyber security incidents on our business.
rising energy prices could negatively impact our business.
although commodity prices are currently relatively low, if fuel costs increase, customer demand could decline and bad debt expense may rise, which could have a material impact on our results of operations. while we have fuel clause recovery mechanisms in most of our states, higher fuel costs could significantly impact our results of operations if costs are not recovered. delays in the timing of the collection of fuel cost recoveries as compared with expenditures for fuel purchases could have an impact on our cash flows. low fuel costs could have a positive impact on sales, although particularly on the southern part of our service territory, low oil prices could negatively impact oil and gas production activities. we are unable to predict future prices or the ultimate impact of such prices on our results of operations or cash flows.
our electric and natural gas utility businesses are seasonal, and weather patterns can have a material impact on our operating performance. demand for electricity is often greater in the summer and winter months associated with cooling and heating. because natural gas is heavily used for residential and commercial heating, the demand depends heavily upon weather patterns throughout our service territory, and a significant amount of natural gas revenues are recognized in the first and fourth quarters related to the heating season. accordingly, our operations have historically generated less revenues and income when weather conditions are milder in the winter and cooler in the summer. unusually mild winters and summers could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
our operations use third party contractors in addition to employees to perform periodic and on-going work.
we rely on third party contractors with specific qualifications to perform work both for ongoing operations and maintenance and for capital construction. we have contractual arrangements with these contractors which typically include performance standards, progress payments, insurance requirements and security for performance. poor vendor performance could impact on going operations, restoration operations, our reputation and could introduce financial risk or risks of fines for xcel energy.
item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations business segments and organizational overview xcel energy inc. is a public utility holding company. xcel energy's operations included the activity of four utility subsidiaries that serve electric and natural gas customers in eight states. these utility subsidiaries are nsp-minnesota, nsp-wisconsin, psco and sps. these utilities serve customers in portions of colorado, michigan, minnesota, new mexico, north dakota, south dakota, texas and wisconsin. along with the transco subsidiaries, wyco, a joint venture formed with cig to develop and lease natural gas pipelines, storage and compression facilities, and wgi, an interstate natural gas pipeline company, these companies comprise the regulated utility operations.
xcel energy inc.'s nonregulated subsidiaries are eloigne and capital services. eloigne invests in rental housing projects that qualify for low-income housing tax credits, and capital services procures equipment for construction of renewable generation facilities at other subsidiaries.
forward-looking statements except for the historical statements contained in this report, the matters discussed herein are forward-looking statements that are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions. such forward-looking statements, including the 2017 eps guidance and assumptions, are intended to be identified in this document by the words "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "objective," "outlook," "plan," "project," "possible," "potential," "should" and similar expressions. actual results may vary materially. forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we expressly disclaim any obligation to update any forward-looking information. the following factors, in addition to those discussed elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended dec. 31, 2016 (including the items described under factors affecting results of operations; and the other risk factors listed from time to time by xcel energy inc. in reports filed with the sec, including "risk factors" in item 1a of this annual report on form 10-k and exhibit 99.01 hereto), could cause actual results to differ materially from management expectations as suggested by such forward-looking information: general economic conditions, including inflation rates, monetary fluctuations and their impact on capital expenditures and the ability of xcel energy inc. and its subsidiaries to obtain financing on favorable terms; business conditions in the energy industry, including the risk of a slow down in the u.s. economy or delay in growth, recovery, trade, fiscal, taxation and environmental policies in areas where xcel energy has a financial interest; customer business conditions; actions of credit rating agencies; competitive factors including the extent and timing of the entry of additional competition in the markets served by xcel energy and its subsidiaries; unusual weather; effects of geopolitical events, including war and acts of terrorism; cyber security threats and data security breaches; state, federal and foreign legislative and regulatory initiatives that affect cost and investment recovery, have an impact on rates or have an impact on asset operation or ownership or impose environmental compliance conditions; structures that affect the speed and degree to which competition enters the electric and natural gas markets; costs and other effects of legal and administrative proceedings, settlements, investigations and claims; financial or regulatory accounting policies imposed by regulatory bodies; outcomes of regulatory proceedings; availability of cost of capital; and employee work force factors.
management's strategic priorities xcel energy strives to provide our investors an attractive value proposition and our customers with safe, clean and reliable energy services at a competitive price. this mission is enabled via five key strategic priorities:
•   invest in infrastructure;
•   improve the customer experience;
•   advance the regulatory framework and performance;
•   transition the power generation fleet; and
•   provide a competitive total return to investors and maintain strong investment grade credit ratings.
invest in infrastructure sound investments today are necessary for tomorrow's success. our capital expenditures are projected to be approximately $18.4 billion from 2017 through 2021. this capital investment profile will grow our consolidated rate base at a compounded average annual rate of approximately 5.5 percent. our capital plan includes investments in renewables, transmission, distribution, electric generation, natural gas and other parts of our utility business. our plan includes approximately $1.3 billion of investment for grid modernization to improve the customer experience, enhance grid reliability and enable new and innovative programs and rate structures. in addition, we plan to invest $2.2 billion in gas infrastructure to enhance safety, reliability and operational performance for the benefit of our customers and communities.
improve the customer experience the utility landscape is changing, and we must continue to thoughtfully anticipate and address the future needs of our stakeholders, including our customers, policymakers, employees and shareholders. adapting to this changing environment is critical to our long-term success. our customers expect to have choices, and we are committed to providing options and solutions that they want and value at a competitive price. our continued investment in clean energy is an example of this commitment to our customers. environmental stewardship remains foundational to xcel energy and is designed to meet customer and policy maker expectations while creating shareholder value. we will continue to offer and expand our production of renewable energy, including wind and solar alternatives, and further develop and promote dsm, conservation and renewable programs.
advance the regulatory framework and performance xcel energy is a holding company comprised primarily of several utility operating companies. as part of the regulatory process, each state will generally establish an authorized roe. in many states, our utility operating companies earn less than the authorized roe due to numerous factors including the timing of implementation of new rates, timing of capital investments, a regulatory commission not allowing the recovery of certain costs, the time period used as a test year for rate cases, fluctuations in sales, the impact of weather, unanticipated cost increases, etc. the difference between the authorized roe and the earned roe is referred to as an roe gap. xcel energy is focused on reducing this gap.
we continue to pursue regulatory and legislative changes to streamline rate case proceedings and optimize recovery, while improving our alignment with state policies and keeping pace with evolving customer preferences.
in addition, keeping our costs competitive is also essential in terms of customer affordability and improving roe over time. xcel energy is working to keep o&m expense relatively flat without compromising reliability or safety. we intend to accomplish this objective by continually improving our processes, leveraging technology, proactively managing risk and maintaining a workforce that is prepared to meet the needs of our business today and tomorrow.
transition the power generation fleet for more than a decade, we have managed the risk of climate change through a clean energy strategy that consistently reduces carbon emissions and transitions our operations for the future. we continue to provide shareholder value while transforming how we produce, deliver and encourage the efficient use of energy through four primary mechanisms:
•   offering energy efficiency programs for customers;
•   retiring or repowering coals units and modernizing our generating plants; and
•   advancing power grid capabilities.
our service territories benefit from the geographic concentration of favorable renewable resources. strong wind and high solar irradiance yield high generation capacity factors and consequently lowers the cost of these resources.
the combination of high capacity factors, a strong transmission network, improved supply chain, technological improvements and the extension of the renewable tax credits translates into low renewable energy costs for our customers. as a result, we have a beneficial opportunity to invest in renewable generation, in which the capital costs are largely or completely offset by fuel savings. this provides us the opportunity to lower the emission profile of our generation fleet, grow our renewable portfolio and provide significant fuel savings to our customers.
our capital forecast for 2017-2021 includes $3.5 billion of investment in renewable generation. this includes the following projects:
•   plans to spend an additional $1.5 billion on other renewable projects in our various states. this could include our preliminary plans to add 500-1,000 mw of wind generation at sps.
emission reductions are an important driver of our strategy. since 2005, we have reduced carbon emissions 30 percent and are projected to achieve an approximate 43 percent reduction by 2021.
provide a competitive total return to investors and maintain strong investment grade credit successful execution of our strategic objectives should allow xcel energy to continue to deliver a competitive total return for our shareholders. through our disciplined approach to business growth, financial investment, operations and safety, we plan to:
•   maintain senior unsecured debt credit ratings in the bbb+ to a range.
we have successfully achieved our prior financial objectives, meeting or exceeding our earnings guidance range for twelve consecutive years and believe we are positioned to continue to deliver on our value proposition. our ongoing earnings have grown approximately 6.1 percent and our dividend has grown approximately 4.3 percent annually from 2005 through 2016. in addition, our current senior unsecured debt credit ratings for xcel energy and its utility subsidiaries are in the bbb+ to a range.
financial review the following discussion and analysis by management focuses on those factors that had a material effect on xcel energy's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows during the periods presented, or are expected to have a material impact in the future. it should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and the related notes to consolidated financial statements.
the only common equity securities that are publicly traded are common shares of xcel energy inc. the diluted earnings and eps of each subsidiary as well as the roe of each subsidiary discussed below do not represent a direct legal interest in the assets and liabilities allocated to such subsidiary but rather represent a direct interest in our assets and liabilities as a whole. ongoing diluted eps and ongoing roe for xcel energy and by subsidiary are financial measures not recognized under gaap. ongoing diluted eps is calculated by dividing the net income or loss attributable to the controlling interest of each subsidiary, adjusted for certain nonrecurring items, by the weighted average fully diluted xcel energy inc. common shares outstanding for the period. ongoing roe is calculated by dividing the net income or loss attributable to the controlling interest of xcel energy or each subsidiary, adjusted for certain nonrecurring items, by each entity's average common stockholders' or stockholder's equity. we use these non-gaap financial measures to evaluate and provide details of earnings results. we believe these measurements are useful to investors to evaluate the actual and projected financial performance and contribution of our subsidiaries. these non-gaap financial measures should not be considered as alternatives to measures calculated and reported in accordance with gaap.
results of operations the following table summarizes the diluted eps for xcel energy:
equity earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries          0.05              0.04              0.04
regulated utility (a)                                   2.35              2.21              2.14
ongoing earnings for 2015 excludes an adjustment related to the monticello nuclear facility lcm/epu project. see below as well as note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
xcel energy's management believes that ongoing earnings provide a meaningful comparison of earnings results and is representative of xcel energy's fundamental core earnings power. xcel energy's management uses ongoing earnings internally for financial planning and analysis, for reporting of results to the board of directors, in determining whether performance targets are met for performance-based compensation and when communicating its earnings outlook to analysts and investors.
2015 adjustment to gaap earnings loss on monticello lcm/epu project - in march 2015, the mpuc approved full recovery, including a return, on $415 million of the project costs, inclusive of afudc, but only allowed recovery of the remaining $333 million of costs with no return on this portion of the investment for 2015 and beyond. as a result of this decision, xcel energy recorded a pre-tax charge of approximately $129 million, or $79 million net of tax, in the first quarter of 2015. see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
earnings adjusted for certain items
2016 comparison with 2015
xcel energy - 2016 gaap earnings increased due to the 2015 loss on monticello lcm/epu project, see note 12 for further information. in addition, gaap and ongoing earnings increased $0.12 per share. increases in electric and natural gas margins were primarily driven by higher rates and riders across various jurisdictions to recover our capital investments and the favorable impact of weather as compared with the previous year. these positive factors and a lower etr were partially offset by higher depreciation, interest charges and property taxes.
nsp-minnesota - 2016 gaap earnings increased due to the 2015 loss on monticello lcm/epu project, see note 12 for further information. in addition, gaap and ongoing earnings increased $0.11 per share due to the following: higher electric margins primarily driven by an interim electric rate increase in minnesota (net of estimated provision for refund); non-fuel riders; the favorable impact of weather; and a lower etr. these positive factors were partially offset by higher depreciation, o&m expenses, interest charges and property taxes psco - earnings decreased $0.01 per share for 2016. the positive impact of higher natural gas margins (primarily due to a rate increase), sales growth and a lower estimated electric earnings test refund, were more than offset by increased depreciation and interest charges.
sps - earnings increased $0.05 per share for 2016. higher electric margins and lower o&m expenses were partially offset by an increase in depreciation and interest charges.
nsp-wisconsin - earnings decreased $0.01 per share for 2016. the positive impact of higher electric margins (primarily driven by an electric rate increase) was more than offset by higher o&m expenses and depreciation.
equity earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries - earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries increased $0.01 per share in 2016 due to facility expansion and increased sales at wyco.
xcel energy inc. and other - xcel energy inc. and other includes financing costs at the holding company and other items.
2015 comparison with 2014
xcel energy - twelve month year-over-year gaap earnings decreased due to the 2015 loss on monticello lcm/epu project, refer to note 12 for further information. ongoing earnings increased $0.06 per share for 2015 primarily due to rate increases in various jurisdictions, non-fuel riders, a lower earnings test refund in colorado and a decline in o&m expenses. these positive factors were partially offset by the impact of negative weather as well as higher depreciation, property taxes, interest charges and lower afudc.
nsp-minnesota - twelve month year-over-year gaap earnings decreased due to the 2015 loss on monticello lcm/epu project, refer to note 12 for further information. ongoing earnings increased $0.05 per share for 2015 and were positively impacted by electric rate increases in minnesota, north dakota and south dakota, and lower o&m expenses. these positive factors were partially offset by unfavorable weather, sales decline, higher depreciation, increased interest charges, property taxes and lower afudc.
psco - earnings increased $0.02 per share for 2015. higher revenue primarily due to the cacja rider (partially offset by an electric base rate decrease), as well as a natural gas rate increase, effective in october 2015, lower estimated electric earnings test refunds and the positive impact of weather. these positive factors were partially offset by higher property taxes, depreciation, o&m expenses, interest charges and lower afudc.
sps - earnings decreased $0.01 per share for 2015. although texas electric rates rose as a result of the prior year rate case, this was reduced by the negative impact of the 2015 case. the net increase in electric rates was more than offset by additional depreciation, higher o&m expenses and lower afudc.
nsp-wisconsin - earnings increased $0.01 per share for 2015. higher electric revenues primarily driven by an electric rate increase and lower o&m expenses were partially offset by higher depreciation and lower natural gas margins.
changes in diluted eps the following table summarizes significant components contributing to the changes in 2016 eps compared with the same period in 2015:
components of change - 2016 vs. 2015
components of change - 2015 vs. 2014
lower afudc - equity                                (0.07    )
the following table summarizes the roe for xcel energy and its utility subsidiaries:
the following tables provide reconciliations of ongoing to gaap earnings (net income) and ongoing to gaap diluted eps for the years ended dec. 31:
statement of income analysis the following discussion summarizes the items that affected the individual revenue and expense items reported in the consolidated statements of income.
estimated impact of temperature changes on regulated earnings - unusually hot summers or cold winters increase electric and natural gas sales, while mild weather reduces electric and natural gas sales. the estimated impact of weather on earnings is based on the number of customers, temperature variances and the amount of natural gas or electricity the average customer historically uses per degree of temperature. accordingly, deviations in weather from normal levels can affect xcel energy's financial performance.
degree-day or temperature-humidity index (thi) data is used to estimate amounts of energy required to maintain comfortable indoor temperature levels based on each day's average temperature and humidity. heating degree-days (hdd) is the measure of the variation in the weather based on the extent to which the average daily temperature falls below 65° fahrenheit. cooling degree-days (cdd) is the measure of the variation in the weather based on the extent to which the average daily temperature rises above 65° fahrenheit. each degree of temperature above 65° fahrenheit is counted as one cdd, and each degree of temperature below 65° fahrenheit is counted as one hdd. in xcel energy's more humid service territories, a thi is used in place of cdd, which adds a humidity factor to cdd. hdd, cdd and thi are most likely to impact the usage of xcel energy's residential and commercial customers. industrial customers are less sensitive to weather.
normal weather conditions are defined as either the 20-year or 30-year average of actual historical weather conditions. the historical period of time used in the calculation of normal weather differs by jurisdiction, based on regulatory practice. to calculate the impact of weather on demand, a demand factor is applied to the weather impact on sales as defined above to derive the amount of demand associated with the weather impact.
weather - the following table summarizes the estimated impact of temperature variations on eps compared with sales under normal weather conditions:
firm natural gas      (0.025    )   (0.018      )       (0.007    )   0.019                    (0.037        )
sales growth (decline) - the following tables summarize xcel energy and its utility subsidiaries' sales growth (decline) for actual and weather-normalized sales for the years ended dec. 31, compared with the previous year:
firm natural gas sales              (4.1   )            (1.1   )         n/a              (7.4   )             (2.4   )
firm natural gas sales              (0.3   )            (0.2   )         n/a             (4.3   )             (0.5   )
nsp-minnesota             psco              sps          nsp-wisconsin          xcel energy weather-normalized - adjusted for leap day electric residential (a)                       (0.2   )%             1.6   %         (1.6   )%          (0.6   )%              0.3   %
firm natural gas sales                         (0.8   )             (0.7   )          n/a               (4.8   )              (1.0   )
(a)   extreme weather variations and additional factors such as windchill and cloud cover may not be reflected in weather-normalized and actual growth estimates.
(b)   the estimated impact of the 2016 leap day is excluded to present a more comparable year-over-year presentation. the estimated impact of the additional day of sales in 2016 was approximately 20-40 basis points for retail electric and 50 basis points for firm natural gas for the twelve months ended dec. 31, 2016.
•   nsp-minnesota's residential sales decreased as a result of lower use per customer, partially offset by customer additions. c&amp;i sales declined primarily as a result of lower use by customers in the manufacturing and service industries.
•   psco's residential growth reflects an increased number of customers. the c&amp;i decline was mainly due to lower sales to certain large customers in the manufacturing, mining, oil and gas industries. the decline was partially offset by an increase in the number of small c&amp;i customers.
•   sps' residential sales decline was primarily the result of lower use per customer, partially offset by an increased number of customers. the increase in c&amp;i sales was driven by energy sector expansion in the southeastern new mexico, permian basin area as well as greater use by agricultural customers.
•   nsp-wisconsin's residential sales decrease was primarily attributable to lower use per customer, partially offset by customer additions. the c&amp;i decline was largely due to reduced sales to small customers. the overall decrease was partially offset by an increase in the number of c&amp;i customers as well as greater use in the large c&amp;i class for the oil and gas industries.
•   across natural gas service territories, lower natural gas sales reflect a decline in customer use, partially offset by a slight increase in the number of customers.
weather-normalized sales for 2017 are projected to increase approximately 0 percent to 0.5 percent for retail electric and firm natural gas customers, respectively.
firm natural gas sales         (16.6   )            (6.6   )         n/a             (16.4   )           (10.5   )
firm natural gas sales          (1.1   )            (2.0   )        n/a             (1.7   )            (1.7   )
(a)   extreme weather variations and additional factors such as windchill and cloud cover may not be reflected in weather-normalized and actual growth estimates.
•   psco's residential growth was primarily the result of customer additions, partially offset by lower use per customer. c&amp;i decline was primarily due to reduced sales to certain large manufacturing customers and/or those that support the fracking industry.
•   nsp-minnesota's residential decrease was due to lower use per customer, partially offset by an increase in customer additions. c&amp;i electric sales decreased as a result of lower use by large and small customers (e.g., services, retail trade, finance insurance and real estate industries), partially offset by higher use by certain large customers in the petroleum and food processing industries. the decline was partially reduced by an increase in the number of customers in both the small and large classes.
•   sps' residential growth reflects an increased number of customers. c&amp;i also had an increase in customers, primarily in the oil and gas exploration and production industries. however, this was partially offset by reduced activity per customer within these industries, as well as less irrigation by agricultural customers due to wet weather.
•   nsp-wisconsin's residential decline was primarily attributable to lower use per customer, partially offset by customer additions. c&amp;i electric sales growth was largely due to strong sales to large customers primarily in the oil and gas industries.
•   across natural gas service territories, lower natural gas sales reflect a decline in customer use.
electric revenues and margin electric revenues and fuel and purchased power expenses are largely impacted by the fluctuation in the price of natural gas, coal and uranium used in the generation of electricity, but as a result of the design of fuel recovery mechanisms to recover current expenses, these price fluctuations have minimal impact on electric margin. the following table details the electric revenues and margin:
the following tables summarize the components of the changes in electric revenues and electric margin for the years ended dec. 31:
transmission revenue, net of costs                                           71
2016 comparison with 2015 - electric revenues increased primarily due to various rate increases at nsp-minnesota (net of estimated provision for refund), nsp-wisconsin and sps.
transmission revenue, net of costs                                           14
firm wholesale                                                              (12      )
(a)   increase is primarily due to interim rates in minnesota (net of estimated provision for refund) and final rates in wisconsin and new mexico.
2016 comparison to 2015 - the increase in electric margin was primarily due to the various rate increases at nsp-minnesota (net of estimated provision for refund), nsp-wisconsin and sps as well as the non-fuel riders.
2015 comparison with 2014 - electric revenues decreased primarily due to lower fuel and purchased power cost recovery, which is offset in operating expense. this decrease was partially offset by various rate increases at nsp-minnesota, nsp-wisconsin and sps as well as the non-fuel rider in colorado.
transmission revenue, net of costs                                       47
natural gas revenues and margin total natural gas expense tends to vary with changing sales requirements and the cost of natural gas purchases. due to the design of purchased natural gas cost recovery mechanisms for sales to retail customers, fluctuations in the cost of natural gas has minimal impact on natural gas margin. the following table details natural gas revenues and margin:
the following tables summarize the components of the changes in natural gas revenues and natural gas margin for the years ended dec. 31:
infrastructure and integrity riders, partially offset in o&amp;m expenses               (5      )
infrastructure and integrity riders, partially offset in o&amp;m expenses               (5      )
infrastructure and integrity riders, partially offset in o&amp;m expenses               30
infrastructure and integrity riders, partially offset in o&amp;m expenses               30
non-fuel operating expenses and other items o&m expenses - o&m expenses decreased $3.1 million, or 0.1 percent, for 2016 compared with 2015.
o&m expenses decreased $4.7 million, or 0.2 percent for 2015 compared with 2014. the decline was primarily related to a reduction in nuclear expense driven by operational efficiencies and lower amortization of prior outages, which were partially offset by an increase in labor and contract labor as a result of various projects and initiatives to improve business processes.
conservation and dsm program expenses - conservation and dsm program expenses increased $20.1 million, or 8.9 percent, for 2016 compared with 2015. the increase is primarily attributable to more customer participation in dsm programs. higher conservation and dsm program expenses are generally offset by higher revenues due to recovery mechanisms.
conservation and dsm program expenses decreased $77.1 million, or 25.5 percent, for 2015 compared with 2014. the decrease was primarily attributable to lower electric and gas recovery rates at nsp-minnesota and psco.
depreciation and amortization - depreciation and amortization increased $178.7 million, or 15.9 percent, for 2016 compared with 2015. the increase was primarily attributable to capital investments, including pleasant valley and border wind farms, reduction of the excess depreciation reserve in minnesota and recognition of the doe settlement credits in 2015.
depreciation and amortization increased $105.5 million, or 10.4 percent, for 2015 compared with 2014. the increase was primarily attributed to capital investments and lower amortization of the excess depreciation reserve in minnesota, partially offset by minnesota's amortization of the doe settlement.
taxes (other than income taxes) - taxes (other than income taxes) increased $20.4 million, or 4.0 percent, for 2016 compared with 2015. the increase was primarily due to higher property taxes in minnesota, excluding the impact of the proposed tax deferral in the settlement agreement in the minnesota 2016 multi-year electric rate case.
taxes (other than income taxes) increased $45.8 million, or 9.8 percent, for 2015 compared with 2014. the increase was primarily due to higher property taxes in colorado, minnesota and texas.
afudc, equity and debt - afudc increased $5.4 million for 2016 compared with 2015. the increase was primarily due to the expansion of transmission facilities and other capital expenditures.
afudc decreased $46.0 million for 2015 compared with 2014. the decrease was primarily due to the implementation of the cacja rider, facilitating earlier and alternative recovery of construction costs.
interest charges - interest charges increased $51.6 million, or 8.7 percent, for 2016 compared with 2015. the increase was related to higher long-term debt levels to fund capital investments, partially offset by refinancings at lower interest rates.
interest charges increased $28.7 million, or 5.1 percent, for 2015 compared with 2014. the increase was primarily due to higher long-term debt levels, partially offset by refinancings at lower interest rates.
income taxes - income tax expense increased $38.5 million for 2016 compared with 2015. the increase in income tax expense was primarily due to higher pretax earnings in 2016, partially offset by increased wind ptcs in 2016. the etr was 34.1 percent for 2016 compared with 35.5 percent for 2015. the lower etr in 2016 is primarily due to the wind ptcs in 2016. see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
income tax expense increased $18.9 million for 2015 compared with 2014. the increase was primarily due to a higher tax benefit for a carryback claim in 2014 and decrease in permanent plant-related deductions (e.g., afudc-equity) in 2015. the etr was 35.5 percent for 2015 compared with 33.9 percent for 2014. see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
xcel energy inc. and other results the following tables summarize the net income and eps contributions of xcel energy inc. and its nonregulated businesses:
contribution to xcel energy's earnings
xcel energy inc. financing costs               $(70.6      )           $(56.1      )           $(51.8      )
total xcel energy inc. and other costs         $(76.0      )           $(58.7      )           $(57.3      )
contribution to xcel energy's eps
xcel energy inc. financing costs               $(0.14      )           $(0.11      )           $(0.10      )
total xcel energy inc. and other costs         $(0.15      )           $(0.11      )           $(0.11      )
(a)   amounts include gains or losses associated with sales of properties held by eloigne.
factors affecting results of operations xcel energy's utility revenues depend on customer usage, which varies with weather conditions, general business conditions and the cost of energy services. various regulatory agencies approve the prices for electric and natural gas service within their respective jurisdictions and affect xcel energy's ability to recover its costs from customers. the historical and future trends of xcel energy's operating results have been, and are expected to be, affected by a number of factors, including those listed below.
general economic conditions economic conditions may have a material impact on xcel energy's operating results. while economic growth has been improving over the past year, management cannot predict whether this trend will be sustained going forward. other events impact overall economic conditions and management cannot predict the impact of fluctuating energy prices, terrorist activity, war or the threat of war. however, xcel energy could experience a material impact to its results of operations, future growth or ability to raise capital resulting from a sustained general slowdown in economic growth or a significant increase in interest rates.
fuel supply and costs xcel energy inc.'s operating utilities have varying dependence on coal, natural gas and uranium. changes in commodity prices are generally recovered through fuel recovery mechanisms and have very little impact on earnings. however, availability of supply, the potential implementation of a carbon tax or emissions-related generation restrictions and unanticipated changes in regulatory recovery mechanisms could impact our operations. see item 1 for further discussion of fuel supply and costs.
pension plan costs and assumptions xcel energy has significant net pension and postretirement benefit costs that are measured using actuarial valuations. inherent in these valuations are key assumptions including discount rates and expected return on plan assets. xcel energy evaluates these key assumptions at least annually by analyzing current market conditions, which include changes in interest rates and market returns. changes in the related net pension and postretirement benefits costs and funding requirements may occur in the future due to changes in assumptions. the payout of a significant percentage of pension plan liabilities in a single year due to high retirements or employees leaving xcel energy would trigger settlement accounting and could require xcel energy to recognize material incremental pension expense related to unrecognized plan losses in the year these liabilities are paid. for further discussion and a sensitivity analysis on these assumptions, see "employee benefits" under critical accounting policies and estimates.
tax reform tax reform is a key component of the pro-growth agenda of the new congress and the trump administration. xcel energy believes it is early in the process and will continue to evolve. xcel energy has initially analyzed two potential tax-reform scenarios and their potential impact. both scenarios assume a reduction in the corporate tax rate to 20 percent in 2018, with the first scenario maintaining interest deductibility and not including 100 percent capital expensing, and the second scenario providing for 100 percent capital expensing and no deductibility of interest expense.
the impact under the first scenario could be mildly accretive to xcel energy's earnings in 2021, due to a reduction in the deferred tax liability over time. the impact under the second scenario would be modestly dilutive to xcel energy's earnings in 2021, due to the loss of interest deductibility and lower rate base.
xcel energy believes that the industry and its customers are negatively impacted by the loss of interest deductibility. accordingly, xcel energy will continue to work vigorously to advance the interests of customers and the industry.
regulation ferc and state regulation - the ferc and various state and local regulatory commissions regulate xcel energy inc.'s utility subsidiaries, transco subsidiaries and wgi. decisions by these regulators can significantly impact xcel energy's results of operations. xcel energy expects to periodically file for rate changes based on changing operating costs, new or planned investments, fluctuations in energy markets and general economic conditions.
the electric and natural gas rates charged to customers of xcel energy inc.'s utility subsidiaries are approved by the ferc or the regulatory commissions in the states in which they operate. the rates are designed to recover plant investment, operating costs and an allowed return on investment. rates charged by xcel energy inc.'s transco subsidiaries and wgi are approved by the ferc. xcel energy requests changes in rates for utility services through filings with the governing commissions. changes in operating costs can affect xcel energy's financial results, depending on the timing of filing general rate cases and the implementation of final rates. in addition to changes in operating costs, other factors affecting rate filings are new investments, sales, conservation and dsm efforts, and the cost of capital. in addition, the regulatory commissions authorize the roe, capital structure and depreciation rates in rate proceedings.
wholesale energy market regulation - wholesale energy markets in the midwest and south central u.s. are operated by miso and spp, respectively, to centrally dispatch all regional electric generation and apply a regional transmission congestion management system. nsp-minnesota and nsp-wisconsin are members of miso and sps is a member of spp. nsp-minnesota, nsp-wisconsin and sps expect to recover energy charges through either base rates or various recovery mechanisms. see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
capital expenditure regulation - xcel energy inc.'s utility subsidiaries make substantial investments in plant additions to build and upgrade power plants, and expand and maintain the reliability of the energy transmission and distribution systems. in addition to filings for increases in base rates charged to customers to recover the costs associated with such investments, the cpuc, mpuc, sdpuc, ndpsc and puct in certain instances have approved proposals to recover, through a rate rider, costs to upgrade generation plants and lower emissions, increased transmission investment costs, increased distribution investment costs, and increased purchased power capacity costs. these non-fuel rate riders are expected to provide cash flows to enable recovery of costs incurred on a more timely basis. for wholesale electric transmission and production services, xcel energy has, consistent with ferc policy, implemented formula rates for each of the utility subsidiaries that will provide annual rate changes as transmission or production investments increase in a manner similar to the retail rate riders. in november 2014, the ferc approved transmission formula rates for xetd and xest, which would apply to electric transmission assets the transcos may own. nsp-minnesota and nsp-wisconsin have no cost-based wholesale production customers and therefore have not implemented a production formula rate.
environmental matters environmental costs include accruals for nuclear plant decommissioning and payments for storage of spent nuclear fuel, disposal of hazardous materials and waste, remediation of contaminated sites, monitoring of discharges to the environment and compliance with laws and permits with respect to emissions. a trend of greater environmental awareness and increasingly stringent regulation may continue to cause higher operating expenses and capital expenditures for environmental compliance.
costs charged to operating expenses for nuclear decommissioning and spent nuclear fuel disposal expenses, environmental monitoring and disposal of hazardous materials and waste were approximately:
xcel energy estimates an average annual expense of approximately $354 million from 2017 through 2021 for similar costs. the precise timing and amount of environmental costs, including those for site remediation and disposal of hazardous materials, are unknown. additionally, the extent to which environmental costs will be included in and recovered through rates may fluctuate.
capital expenditures for environmental improvements at regulated facilities were approximately:
see item 7 - capital requirements for further discussion.
xcel energy's operations are subject to federal and state laws and regulations related to air emissions, water discharges and waste management from various sources. such laws and regulations impose monitoring and reporting requirements and may require xcel energy to obtain pre-approval for the construction or modification of projects that increase air emissions, water discharges or land disposal of wastes, obtain and comply with permits that contain emission, discharge and operational limitations, or install or operate pollution control equipment at facilities. xcel energy will likely be required to incur capital expenditures in the future to comply with these requirements for remediation of mgp and other legacy sites and various regulations for air emissions, water intake and discharge and waste disposal. actual expenditures could vary from the estimates presented. the scope and timing of these expenditures cannot be determined until any new or revised regulations become final or until more information is learned about the need for remediation at the legacy sites.
pollution control equipment can be required by federal and state regulations, such as those requiring mercury emission reductions, and by state or federal implementation plans, such as those to address visibility impairment, interstate air pollution impacts or attainment of naaqs. xcel energy has installed and is operating control equipment needed to comply with the requirements of the federal mercury and air toxic standards rule. in 2016, the epa adopted a federal visibility plan for texas which imposes so2 emission limitations that reflect installation of dry scrubbers on tolk units 1 and 2, with compliance required by early 2021. this rule has been stayed by the united states court of appeals for the fifth circuit (fifth circuit) until it reaches a decision on the merits of the rule.
see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of xcel energy's environmental contingencies.
inflation inflation at its current level is not expected to materially affect xcel energy's prices or returns to shareholders. however, potential future inflation could result from economic conditions or the economic and monetary policies of the u.s. government and the federal reserve. this could lead to future price increases for materials and services required to deliver electric and natural gas services to customers. these potential cost increases could in turn lead to increased prices to customers. likewise, lower oil prices lead to sustained deflation, that could also reduce general economic activity although it may lead to lower electric and natural gas prices to customers. additionally, under statute, federal agencies such as ferc now can adjust statutory penalties for inflation.
critical accounting policies and estimates preparation of the consolidated financial statements and related disclosures in compliance with gaap requires the application of accounting rules and guidance, as well as the use of estimates. the application of these policies involves judgments regarding future events, including the likelihood of success of particular projects, legal and regulatory challenges and anticipated recovery of costs. these judgments could materially impact the consolidated financial statements and disclosures, based on varying assumptions. in addition, the financial and operating environment also may have a significant effect on the operation of the business and on the results reported. the following is a list of accounting policies and estimates that are most significant to the portrayal of xcel energy's financial condition and results, and require management's most difficult, subjective or complex judgments. each of these has a higher likelihood of resulting in materially different reported amounts under different conditions or using different assumptions. each critical accounting policy has been reviewed and discussed with the audit committee of xcel energy inc.'s board of directors on a quarterly basis.
regulatory accounting xcel energy inc. is a holding company with rate-regulated subsidiaries that are subject to the accounting for regulated operations, which provides that rate-regulated entities report assets and liabilities consistent with the recovery of those incurred costs in rates, if the competitive environment makes it probable that such rates will be charged and collected. xcel energy's rates are derived through the ratemaking process, which results in the recording of regulatory assets and liabilities based on the probability of future cash flows. regulatory assets generally represent incurred or accrued costs that have been deferred because future recovery from customers is probable. regulatory liabilities generally represent amounts that are expected to be refunded to customers in future rates or amounts collected in current rates for future costs. in other businesses or industries, regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities would generally be charged to net income or oci.
each reporting period xcel energy assesses the probability of future recoveries and obligations associated with regulatory assets and liabilities. factors such as the current regulatory environment, recently issued rate orders and historical precedents are considered. decisions made by regulatory agencies can directly impact the amount and timing of cost recovery as well as the rate of return on invested capital, and may materially impact xcel energy's results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
as of dec. 31, 2016 and 2015, xcel energy has recorded regulatory assets of $3.4 billion and $3.2 billion, respectively and regulatory liabilities of $1.6 billion, for both periods. each subsidiary is subject to regulation that varies from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. if future recovery of costs, in any such jurisdiction, ceases to be probable, xcel energy would be required to charge these assets to current net income or oci. in assessing the probability of recovery of recognized regulatory assets, xcel energy noted no current or anticipated proposals or changes in the regulatory environment that it expects will materially impact the probability of recovery of the assets. see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of regulatory assets and liabilities and note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of rate matters.
income tax accruals judgment, uncertainty, and estimates are a significant aspect of the income tax accrual process that accounts for the effects of current and deferred income taxes. uncertainty associated with the application of tax statutes and regulations and the outcomes of tax audits and appeals require that judgment and estimates be made in the accrual process and in the calculation of the etr. changes in tax laws and rates may affect recorded deferred tax assets and liabilities and our etr in the future. at this time, due to the inherent uncertainty of future legislation, any potential resulting impact cannot be reasonably estimated.
etrs are highly impacted by assumptions. etr calculations are revised every quarter based on best available year-end tax assumptions (income levels, deductions, credits, etc.); adjusted in the following year after returns are filed, with the tax accrual estimates being trued-up to the actual amounts claimed on the tax returns; and further adjusted after examinations by taxing authorities have been completed.
in accordance with the interim period reporting guidance, income tax expense for the first three quarters in a year is based on the forecasted annual etr. the forecasted etr reflects a number of estimates including forecasted annual income, permanent tax adjustments and tax credits.
accounting for income taxes also requires that only tax benefits that meet the more likely than not recognition threshold can be recognized or continue to be recognized. the change in the unrecognized tax benefits needs to be reasonably estimated based on evaluation of the nature of uncertainty, the nature of event that could cause the change and an estimated range of reasonably possible changes. management will use prudent business judgment to derecognize appropriate amounts of tax benefits at any period end, and as new developments occur. unrecognized tax benefits can be recognized as issues are favorably resolved and loss exposures decline.
we may adjust our unrecognized tax benefits and interest accruals to the updated estimates as disputes with the irs and state tax authorities are resolved. these adjustments may increase or decrease earnings. see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
employee benefits xcel energy's pension costs are based on an actuarial calculation that includes a number of key assumptions, most notably the annual return level that pension and postretirement health care investment assets are expected to earn in the future and the interest rate used to discount future pension benefit payments to a present value obligation. in addition, the pension cost calculation uses an asset-smoothing methodology to reduce the volatility of varying investment performance over time. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion on the rate of return and discount rate used in the calculation of pension costs and obligations.
pension costs are expected to increase in 2017 and then decline in the following few years. funding requirements are expected to increase in 2017 and then be flat in the following years. while investment returns exceeded the assumed levels in 2014, investment returns were below the assumed levels in 2015 and 2016. the pension cost calculation uses a market-related valuation of pension assets. xcel energy uses a calculated value method to determine the market-related value of the plan assets. the market-related value is determined by adjusting the fair market value of assets at the beginning of the year to reflect the investment gains and losses (the difference between the actual investment return and the expected investment return on the market-related value) during each of the previous five years at the rate of 20 percent per year. as these differences between the actual investment returns and the expected investment returns are incorporated into the market-related value, the differences are recognized in pension cost over the expected average remaining years of service for active employees, which was approximately 12 years in 2016.
based on current assumptions and the recognition of past investment gains and losses, xcel energy currently projects the pension costs recognized for financial reporting purposes will be $121.9 million in 2017 and $115.2 million in 2018, while the actual pension costs were $121.7 million in 2016 and $127.7 million in 2015. the expected increase in 2017 costs is due primarily to the decrease in the discount rate, offset by improvements in the mortality assumption and a decrease to the long-term increase in compensation assumption.  further, future year costs are expected to decrease primarily as a result of reductions in loss amortizations and an increase in expected return on assets due to planned future contributions and expected return of current assets.
in 2014, the society of actuaries published a new mortality table (rp-2014) and projection scale (mp-2014) that increased the overall life expectancy of males and females. on dec. 31, 2014 xcel energy adopted the rp-2014 table, with modifications, based on its population and specific experience and a modified mp-2014 projection scale. during 2016, a new projection table was released (mp-2016). in 2016, xcel energy adopted a modified version of the mp-2016 table and will continue to utilize the rp-2014 base table, modified for company experience.
at dec. 31, 2016, xcel energy set the rate of return on assets used to measure pension costs at 6.87 percent, which is consistent with the rate set at dec. 31, 2015. the rate of return used to measure postretirement health care costs is 5.80 percent at dec. 31, 2016 and this is consistent with dec. 31, 2015. xcel energy's ongoing investment strategy is based on plan-specific investment recommendations that seek to minimize potential investment and interest rate risk as a plan's funded status increases over time. the investment recommendations result in a greater percentage of interest rate sensitive securities being allocated to specific plans having relatively higher funded status ratios and a greater percentage of growth assets being allocated to plans having relatively lower funded status ratios.
xcel energy set the discount rates used to value the dec. 31, 2016 pension and postretirement health care obligations each at 4.13 percent, which represents a 53 basis point and a 52 basis point decrease from dec. 31, 2015, respectively. xcel energy uses a bond matching study as its primary basis for determining the discount rate used to value pension and postretirement health care obligations. the bond matching study utilizes a portfolio of high grade (aa or higher) bonds that matches the expected cash flows of xcel energy's benefit plans in amount and duration. the effective yield on this cash flow matched bond portfolio determines the discount rate for the individual plans. the bond matching study is validated for reasonableness against the citigroup pension liability discount curve and the citigroup above median curve. at dec. 31, 2016, these reference points supported the selected rate. in addition to these reference points, xcel energy also reviews general actuarial survey data to assess the reasonableness of the discount rate selected.
the following are the pension funding contributions across all four of xcel energy's pension plans, both voluntary and required, for 2014 through 2017:
for future years, we anticipate contributions will be made as necessary. these contributions are summarized in note 9 to the consolidated financial statements. future year amounts are estimates and may change based on actual market performance, changes in interest rates and any changes in governmental regulations. therefore, additional contributions could be required in the future.
if xcel energy were to use alternative assumptions at dec. 31, 2016, a one-percent change would result in the following impact on 2016 pension costs:
pension costs
(a)   these costs include the effects of regulation.
effective jan. 1, 2017, the initial medical trend assumption decreased from 6.00 percent to 5.50 percent. the ultimate trend assumption remained at 4.5 percent. the period until the ultimate rate is reached is two years. xcel energy bases its medical trend assumption on the long-term cost inflation expected in the health care market, considering the levels projected and recommended by industry experts, as well as recent actual medical cost experienced by xcel energy's retiree medical plan.
xcel energy recovers employee benefits costs in its regulated utility operations consistent with accounting guidance with the exception of the areas noted below.
•   nsp-minnesota recognizes pension expense in all regulatory jurisdictions as calculated using the aggregate normal cost actuarial method. differences between aggregate normal cost and expense as calculated by pension accounting standards are deferred as a regulatory liability.
•   colorado, texas, new mexico and ferc jurisdictions allow the recovery of other postretirement benefit costs only to the extent that recognized expense is matched by cash contributions to an irrevocable trust. xcel energy has consistently funded at a level to allow full recovery of costs in these jurisdictions.
•   psco and sps recognize pension expense in all regulatory jurisdictions based on expense consistent with accounting guidance. the texas and colorado electric retail jurisdictions and the colorado gas retail jurisdiction, each record the difference between annual recognized pension expense and the annual amount of pension expense approved in their last respective general rate case as a deferral to a regulatory asset.
see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
nuclear decommissioning xcel energy recognizes liabilities for the expected cost of retiring tangible long-lived assets for which a legal obligation exists. these aros are recognized at fair value as incurred and are capitalized as part of the cost of the related long-lived assets. in the absence of quoted market prices, xcel energy estimates the fair value of its aros using present value techniques, in which it makes various assumptions including estimates of the amounts and timing of future cash flows associated with retirement activities, credit-adjusted risk free rates and cost escalation rates. when xcel energy revises any assumptions used to estimate aros, it adjusts the carrying amount of both the aro liability and the related long-lived asset. xcel energy accretes aro liabilities to reflect the passage of time using the interest method.
a significant portion of xcel energy's aros relates to the future decommissioning of nsp-minnesota's nuclear facilities. the total obligation for nuclear decommissioning is expected to be funded by the external decommissioning trust fund. the difference between regulatory funding (including depreciation expense less returns from the external trust fund) and expense recognized under current accounting guidance is deferred as a regulatory asset. the amounts recorded for aros related to future nuclear decommissioning were $2.249 billion and $2.141 billion as of dec. 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. based on their significance, the following discussion relates specifically to the aros associated with nuclear decommissioning.
nsp-minnesota obtains periodic cost studies in order to estimate the cost and timing of planned nuclear decommissioning activities. these independent cost studies are based on relevant information available at the time performed. estimates of future cash flows for extended periods of time are by nature highly uncertain and may vary significantly from actual results. nsp-minnesota is required to file a nuclear decommissioning filing every three years. the filing covers all expenses over the decommissioning period of the nuclear plants, including decontamination and removal of radioactive material. the mpuc approved nsp-minnesota's most recent decommissioning filing in october 2015. the next filing is expected to be submitted in the fourth quarter of 2017.
•   timing - decommissioning cost estimates are impacted by each facility's retirement date and the expected timing of the actual decommissioning activities. currently, the estimated retirement dates coincide with the expiration of each unit's operating license with the nrc (i.e., 2030 for monticello and 2033 and 2034 for pi's unit 1 and 2, respectively). the estimated timing of the decommissioning activities is based upon the decon method, which assumes prompt removal and dismantlement. the use of the decon method is required by the mpuc. by utilizing this method, decommissioning activities are expected to begin at the end of the license date and be completed for both facilities by 2091.
•   technology and regulation - there is limited experience with actual decommissioning of large nuclear facilities. changes in technology and experience as well as changes in regulations regarding nuclear decommissioning could cause cost estimates to change significantly. nsp-minnesota's most recent nuclear decommissioning filing assumed current technology and regulations.
•   escalation rates - escalation rates represent projected cost increases over time due to both general inflation and increases in the cost of specific decommissioning activities. nsp-minnesota used an escalation rate of 4.36 percent in calculating the aros related to nuclear decommissioning for the remaining operational period through the radiological decommissioning period. an escalation rate of 3.36 percent was utilized for the period of operating costs related to interim dry cask storage of spent nuclear fuel and site restoration.
•   discount rates - changes in timing or estimated expected cash flows that result in upward revisions to the aro are calculated using the then-current credit-adjusted risk-free interest rate. the credit-adjusted risk-free rate in effect when the change occurs is used to discount the revised estimate of the incremental expected cash flows of the retirement activity. if the change in timing or estimated expected cash flows results in a downward revision of the aro, the undiscounted revised estimate of expected cash flows is discounted using the credit-adjusted risk-free rate in effect at the date of initial measurement and recognition of the original aro. discount rates ranging from approximately four to seven percent have been used to calculate the net present value of the expected future cash flows over time.
significant uncertainties exist in estimating the future cost of nuclear decommissioning including the method to be utilized, the ultimate costs to decommission, and the planned method of disposing spent fuel. if different cost estimates, life assumptions or cost escalation rates were utilized, the aros could change materially. however, changes in estimates have minimal impact on results of operations as nsp-minnesota expects to continue to recover all costs in future rates.
xcel energy continually makes judgments and estimates related to these critical accounting policy areas, based on an evaluation of the varying assumptions and uncertainties for each area. the information and assumptions underlying many of these judgments and estimates will be affected by events beyond the control of xcel energy, or otherwise change over time. this may require adjustments to recorded results to better reflect the events and updated information that becomes available. the accompanying financial statements reflect management's best estimates and judgments of the impact of these factors as of dec. 31, 2016.
derivatives, risk management and market risk xcel energy inc. and its subsidiaries are exposed to a variety of market risks in the normal course of business. market risk is the potential loss that may occur as a result of adverse changes in the market or fair value of a particular instrument or commodity. all financial and commodity-related instruments, including derivatives, are subject to market risk. see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of market risks associated with derivatives.
xcel energy is exposed to the impact of adverse changes in price for energy and energy-related products, which is partially mitigated by the use of commodity derivatives. in addition to ongoing monitoring and maintaining credit policies intended to minimize overall credit risk, when necessary, management takes steps to mitigate changes in credit and concentration risks associated with its derivatives and other contracts, including parental guarantees and requests of collateral. while xcel energy expects that the counterparties will perform under the contracts underlying its derivatives, the contracts expose xcel energy to some credit and non-performance risk.
though no material non-performance risk currently exists with the counterparties to xcel energy's commodity derivative contracts, distress in the financial markets may in the future impact that risk to the extent it impacts those counterparties. distress in the financial markets may also impact the fair value of the securities in the nuclear decommissioning fund and master pension trust, as well as xcel energy's ability to earn a return on short-term investments of excess cash.
commodity price risk - xcel energy inc.'s utility subsidiaries are exposed to commodity price risk in their electric and natural gas operations. commodity price risk is managed by entering into long- and short-term physical purchase and sales contracts for electric capacity, energy and energy-related products and for various fuels used in generation and distribution activities. commodity price risk is also managed through the use of financial derivative instruments. xcel energy's risk management policy allows it to manage commodity price risk within each rate-regulated operation to the extent such exposure exists.
wholesale and commodity trading risk - xcel energy inc.'s utility subsidiaries conduct various wholesale and commodity trading activities, including the purchase and sale of electric capacity, energy, energy-related instruments and natural gas-related instruments, including derivatives. xcel energy's risk management policy allows management to conduct these activities within guidelines and limitations as approved by its risk management committee, which is made up of management personnel not directly involved in the activities governed by this policy.
at dec. 31, 2016, the fair values by source for net commodity trading contract assets were as follows:
futures / forwards
(thousands of dollars)      source offair value                     maturity      maturity1 to 3 years          maturity4 to 5 years          maturity                               total futures /
less than1 year                                                                  greater than5 years                 forwardsfair value nsp-minnesota                       1                         $2,344              $6,437                        $1,178                        $-                                     $9,959
changes in the fair value of commodity trading contracts before the impacts of margin-sharing mechanisms for the years ended dec. 31, were as follows:
fair value of commodity trading net contract assets outstanding at jan. 1          $11,040             $21,811
commodity trading contract additions and changes during the period                   3,604              (7,193   )
fair value of commodity trading net contract assets outstanding at dec. 31          $9,771             $11,040
at dec. 31, 2016, a 10 percent increase in market prices for commodity trading contracts would decrease pretax income by approximately $1.1 million, whereas a 10 percent decrease would increase pretax income by approximately $1.1 million. at dec. 31, 2015, a 10 percent increase in market prices for commodity trading contracts would increase pretax income by approximately $0.3 million, whereas a 10 percent decrease would decrease pretax income by approximately $0.3 million.
xcel energy inc.'s utility subsidiaries' wholesale and commodity trading operations measure the outstanding risk exposure to price changes on transactions, contracts and obligations that have been entered into, but not closed, using an industry standard methodology known as value at risk (var). var expresses the potential change in fair value on the outstanding transactions, contracts and obligations over a particular period of time under normal market conditions.
the vars for the nsp-minnesota and psco commodity trading operations, calculated on a consolidated basis using a monte carlo simulation with a 95 percent confidence level and a one-day holding period, were as follows:
(millions of dollars)           year endeddec. 31             var limit            average              high           low
nuclear fuel supply - nsp-minnesota is scheduled to take delivery of approximately 13 percent of its 2017 and approximately 56 percent of its 2018 enriched nuclear material requirements from sources that could be impacted by events in ukraine and sanctions against russia. alternate potential sources are expected to provide the flexibility to manage nsp-minnesota's nuclear fuel supply to ensure that plant availability and reliability will not be negatively impacted in the near-term. long-term, through 2024, nsp-minnesota is scheduled to take delivery of approximately 31 percent of its average enriched nuclear material requirements from sources that could be impacted by events in ukraine and extended sanctions against russia. nsp-minnesota is closely following the progression of these events and will periodically assess if further actions are required to assure a secure supply of enriched nuclear material.
interest rate risk - xcel energy is subject to the risk of fluctuating interest rates in the normal course of business. xcel energy's risk management policy allows interest rate risk to be managed through the use of fixed rate debt, floating rate debt and interest rate derivatives such as swaps, caps, collars and put or call options.
at dec. 31, 2016 and 2015, a 100 basis point change in the benchmark rate on xcel energy's variable rate debt would impact annual pretax interest expense by approximately $3.9 million and $8.5 million, respectively. see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of xcel energy inc. and its subsidiaries' interest rate derivatives.
nsp-minnesota also maintains a nuclear decommissioning fund, as required by the nrc. the nuclear decommissioning fund is subject to interest rate risk and equity price risk. at dec. 31, 2016, the fund was invested in a diversified portfolio of cash equivalents, debt securities, equity securities and other investments. these investments may be used only for activities related to nuclear decommissioning. given the purpose and legal restrictions on the use of nuclear decommissioning fund assets, realized and unrealized gains on fund investments over the life of the fund are deferred as an offset of nsp-minnesota's regulatory asset for nuclear decommissioning costs. consequently, any realized and unrealized gains and losses on securities in the nuclear decommissioning fund, including any other-than-temporary impairments, are deferred as a component of the regulatory asset for nuclear decommissioning. since the accounting for nuclear decommissioning recognizes that costs are recovered through rates, fluctuations in equity prices or interest rates affecting the nuclear decommissioning fund do not have a direct impact on earnings.
credit risk - xcel energy inc. and its subsidiaries are also exposed to credit risk. credit risk relates to the risk of loss resulting from counterparties' nonperformance on their contractual obligations. xcel energy inc. and its subsidiaries maintain credit policies intended to minimize overall credit risk and actively monitor these policies to reflect changes and scope of operations.
at dec. 31, 2016, a 10 percent increase in commodity prices would have resulted in an increase in credit exposure of $5.7 million, while a decrease in prices of 10 percent would have resulted in an increase in credit exposure of $16.6 million. at dec. 31, 2015, a 10 percent increase in commodity prices would have resulted in a decrease in credit exposure of $1.9 million, while a decrease in prices of 10 percent would have resulted in an increase in credit exposure of $6.1 million.
xcel energy inc. and its subsidiaries conduct standard credit reviews for all counterparties. xcel energy employs additional credit risk control mechanisms when appropriate, such as letters of credit, parental guarantees, standardized master netting agreements and termination provisions that allow for offsetting of positive and negative exposures. credit exposure is monitored and, when necessary, the activity with a specific counterparty is limited until credit enhancement is provided. distress in the financial markets could increase xcel energy's credit risk.
fair value measurements xcel energy follows accounting and disclosure guidance on fair value measurements that contains a hierarchy for inputs used in measuring fair value and requires disclosure of the observability of the inputs used in these measurements. see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the fair value hierarchy and the amounts of assets and liabilities measured at fair value that have been assigned to level 3.
commodity derivatives - xcel energy continuously monitors the creditworthiness of the counterparties to its commodity derivative contracts and assesses each counterparty's ability to perform on the transactions set forth in the contracts. given this assessment and the typically short duration of these contracts, the impact of discounting commodity derivative assets for counterparty credit risk was not material to the fair value of commodity derivative assets at dec. 31, 2016. adjustments to fair value for credit risk of commodity trading instruments are recorded in electric revenues. credit risk adjustments for other commodity derivative instruments are deferred as oci or regulatory assets and liabilities. the classification as a regulatory asset or liability is based on commission approved regulatory recovery mechanisms. xcel energy also assesses the impact of its own credit risk when determining the fair value of commodity derivative liabilities. the impact of discounting commodity derivative liabilities for credit risk was immaterial to the fair value of commodity derivative liabilities at dec. 31, 2016.
commodity derivative assets and liabilities assigned to level 3 typically consist of ftrs, as well as forwards and options that are long-term in nature. level 3 commodity derivative assets and liabilities represent 1.0 percent and 3.9 percent of gross assets and liabilities, respectively, measured at fair value at dec. 31, 2016.
determining the fair value of ftrs requires numerous management forecasts that vary in observability, including various forward commodity prices, retail and wholesale demand, generation and resulting transmission system congestion. given the limited observability of management's forecasts for several of these inputs, these instruments have been assigned a level 3. level 3 commodity derivatives assets and liabilities included $19.3 million and $2.0 million of estimated fair values, respectively, for ftrs held at dec. 31, 2016.
determining the fair value of certain commodity forwards and options can require management to make use of subjective price and volatility forecasts which extend to periods beyond those readily observable on active exchanges or quoted by brokers. when less observable forward price and volatility forecasts are significant to determining the value of commodity forwards and options, these instruments are assigned to level 3. level 3 commodity derivative liabilities included an immaterial estimated fair value for forwards held at dec. 31, 2016. there were no level 3 options held at dec. 31, 2016.
liquidity and capital resources cash flows
net cash provided by operating activities          $3,052              $3,038              $2,659
net cash provided by operating activities increased by $14 million for 2016 as compared to 2015. the increase was primarily due to timing of vendor payments and higher net income, excluding amounts related to non-cash operating activities (e.g., depreciation, deferred tax expenses and a charge related to the monticello lcm/epu project in 2015), partially offset by timing of customer receipts, refunds and recovery of certain electric and natural gas riders and incentive programs.
net cash provided by operating activities increased by $379 million for 2015 as compared to 2014. the increase was primarily due to rate increases in various jurisdictions, higher customer refunds in 2014 and income tax refunds received in 2015 compared to taxes paid in 2014, partially offset by refunds issued as part of a settlement agreement with golden spread and pnm in 2015.
net cash used in investing activities       $(3,261     )       $(3,623     )       $(3,117     )
net cash used in investing activities decreased by $362 million for 2016 as compared to 2015. the decrease was primarily attributable to the acquisition of two wind projects in 2015, partially offset by the establishment of rabbi trusts in 2016 and higher insurance proceeds received in 2015.
net cash used in investing activities increased by $506 million for 2015 as compared to 2014. the increase was primarily attributable to the acquisition of two wind projects in 2015, partially offset by higher insurance proceeds related to sherco unit 3 received in 2015.
net cash provided by financing activities          $209              $590              $430
net cash provided by financing activities decreased by $381 million for 2016 as compared to 2015. the decrease was primarily due to higher repayments of long-term and short-term debt, higher dividend payments and repurchases of common stock, partially offset by higher debt issuances in 2016.
net cash provided by financing activities increased by $160 million for 2015 as compared to 2014. the increase was primarily due to higher debt issuances, partially offset by repayments of short-term debt in 2015 compared to proceeds in 2014 and the impact of less common stock issuances in 2015.
see discussion of trends, commitments and uncertainties, and the potential future impact on cash flow and liquidity under capital sources.
capital requirements xcel energy expects to meet future financing requirements by periodically issuing short-term debt, long-term debt, common stock, hybrid and other securities to maintain desired capitalization ratios.
capital expenditures - the current estimated base capital expenditure programs of xcel energy's operating companies for the years 2017 through 2021 are shown in the table below:
capital forecast
total capital expenditures          $3,655              $4,200              $4,105              $3,475              $2,950                $18,385
capital forecast
total capital expenditures          $3,655              $4,200              $4,105              $3,475              $2,950                $18,385
in 2016, xcel energy subsidiary capital services entered into an agreement with vestas-american wind technology, inc., establishing terms under which xcel energy subsidiaries may contract to purchase wind turbines in total quantities sufficient for the construction of up to 2,500 mw of new wind generation facilities.  in order to secure the full benefit of the ptc for potential wind projects at xcel energy subsidiaries, capital services made deposits of $200 million toward the purchase of wind turbine components under the contract in 2016.
the capital expenditure programs of xcel energy are subject to continuing review and modification. actual capital expenditures may vary from the estimates due to changes in electric and natural gas projected load growth, regulatory decisions, legislative initiatives, reserve margin requirements, the availability of purchased power, alternative plans for meeting long-term energy needs, compliance with environmental requirements, renewable portfolio standards and merger, acquisition and divestiture opportunities. the table above does not include potential expenditures of xcel energy's transmission-only subsidiaries.
xcel energy issues debt and equity securities to refinance retiring maturities, reduce short-term debt, fund capital programs, infuse equity in subsidiaries, fund asset acquisitions and for other general corporate purposes. xcel energy does not anticipate issuing any equity to fund its capital investment program for 2017-2021. the current estimated financing plans of xcel energy inc. and its subsidiaries for the years 2017 through 2021 are shown in the table below.
funding capital expenditures cash from operations*              $13,465
equity                                   -
2017-2021 capital expenditures     $18,385
contractual obligations and other commitments - in addition to its capital expenditure programs, xcel energy has contractual obligations and other commitments that will need to be funded in the future. the following is a summarized table of contractual obligations and other commercial commitments at dec. 31, 2016. see the statements of capitalization and additional discussion in notes 4 and 13 to the consolidated financial statements.
capital lease obligations                                             317,326                  15,055                      29,170                     28,010              245,091
unconditional purchase obligations (d)                              7,622,742               1,725,982                   1,772,997                  1,275,267              2,848,496
payments to vendors in process                                         38,579                  38,579                           -                          -              -
(a)   includes interest payments over the terms of the debt. interest is calculated using the applicable interest rate at dec. 31, 2016, and outstanding principal for each investment with the terms ending at each instrument's maturity.
(b)   under some leases, xcel energy would have to sell or purchase the property that it leases if it chose to terminate before the scheduled lease expiration date. most of xcel energy's railcar, vehicle and equipment and aircraft leases have these terms. at dec. 31, 2016, the amount that xcel energy would have to pay if it chose to terminate these leases was approximately $32.3 million. in addition, at the end of the equipment lease terms, each lease must be extended, equipment purchased for the greater of the fair value or unamortized value of equipment sold to a third party with xcel energy making up any deficiency between the sales price and the unamortized value.
(c)   included in operating lease payments are $212.3 million, $443.4 million, $490.8 million and $1.9 billion, for the less than 1 year, 1-3 years, 3-5 years and after 5 years categories, respectively, pertaining to ppas that were accounted for as operating leases.
(d)   xcel energy inc. and its subsidiaries have contracts providing for the purchase and delivery of a significant portion of its current coal, nuclear fuel and natural gas requirements. additionally, the utility subsidiaries of xcel energy inc. have entered into agreements with utilities and other energy suppliers for purchased power to meet system load and energy requirements, replace generation from company-owned units under maintenance and during outages, and meet operating reserve obligations. certain contractual purchase obligations are adjusted on indices. the effects of price changes are mitigated through cost of energy adjustment mechanisms.
(e)   other long-term obligations relate primarily to amounts associated with technology agreements as well as uncertain tax positions.
(f)   xcel energy also has outstanding authority under o&amp;m contracts to purchase up to approximately $3.7 billion of goods and services through the year 2053, in addition to the amounts disclosed in this table.
(g)   in january 2017, contributions of $150.0 million were made across four of xcel energy's pension plans. obligations of this type are dependent on several factors, including management discretion, and therefore, they are not included in the table.
(h)   xcel energy expects to contribute approximately $11.8 million to the postretirement health care plans during 2017. obligations of this type are dependent on several factors, including management discretion, and therefore, they are not included in the table.
common stock dividends - future dividend levels will be dependent on xcel energy's results of operations, financial position, cash flows, reinvestment opportunities and other factors, and will be evaluated by the xcel energy inc. board of directors. in february 2017, xcel energy announced a quarterly dividend of $0.36 per share, which represents an increase of 5.9 percent. xcel energy's dividend policy balances:
•   projected capital investment;
•   a reasonable rate of return on shareholder investment; and
•   the impact on xcel energy's capital structure and credit ratings.
in addition, there are certain statutory limitations that could affect dividend levels. federal law places certain limits on the ability of public utilities within a holding company system to declare dividends.
specifically, under the federal power act, a public utility may not pay dividends from any funds properly included in a capital account. the utility subsidiaries' dividends may be limited directly or indirectly by state regulatory commissions or bond indenture covenants. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of restrictions on dividend payments.
regulation of derivatives - in july 2010, financial reform legislation was passed that provides for the regulation of derivative transactions amongst other provisions. provisions within the bill provide the cftc and the sec with expanded regulatory authority over derivative and swap transactions. the cftc ruled that swap dealing activity conducted by entities for the preceding 12 months under a notional limit, initially set at $8 billion, will fall under the general de minimis threshold and will not subject an entity to registering as a swap dealer. the de minimis threshold is scheduled to be reduced to $3 billion in 2018. xcel energy's current and projected swap activity is well below these de minimis thresholds. the bill also contains provisions that exempt certain derivatives end users from much of the clearing and margin requirements and xcel energy's board of directors has renewed the end-user exemption on an annual basis. xcel energy is currently meeting all reporting requirements and transaction restrictions.
pension fund - xcel energy's pension assets are invested in a diversified portfolio of domestic and international equity securities, short-term to long-duration fixed income and interest rate swap securities, and alternative investments, including private equity, real estate, hedge funds and commodity investments.
fair value of pension assets       $2,856               $2,884
capital sources short-term funding sources - xcel energy uses a number of sources to fulfill short-term funding needs, including operating cash flow, notes payable, commercial paper and bank lines of credit. the amount and timing of short-term funding needs depend in large part on financing needs for construction expenditures, working capital and dividend payments.
short-term investments - xcel energy inc., nsp-minnesota, nsp-wisconsin, psco and sps maintain cash operating and short-term investment accounts. at dec. 31, 2016 and 2015, there was $3.6 million and $3.3 million of cash held in these accounts, respectively.
commercial paper - xcel energy inc., nsp-minnesota, nsp-wisconsin, psco and sps each have individual commercial paper programs. the authorized levels for these commercial paper programs are:
•   $1 billion for xcel energy inc.;
•   $700 million for psco;
•   $500 million for nsp-minnesota;
•   $400 million for sps; and
•   $150 million for nsp-wisconsin.
commercial paper outstanding for xcel energy was as follows:
borrowing limit                                                                  $2,750
borrowing limit                                                              $2,750                               $2,750                               $2,750
amended credit agreements - in june 2016, xcel energy inc., nsp-minnesota, nsp-wisconsin, psco and sps entered into amended five-year credit agreements with a syndicate of banks. the total borrowing limit under the amended credit agreements remained at $2.75 billion. the amended credit agreements have substantially the same terms and conditions as the prior credit agreements with the following exceptions:
•   the maturity extended from october 2019 to june 2021.
•   the eurodollar borrowing margins on these lines of credit were reduced to a range of 75 to 150 basis points per year, from a range of 87.5 to 175 basis points per year, based upon applicable long-term credit ratings.
•   the commitment fees, calculated on the unused portion of the lines of credit, were reduced to a range of 6 to 22.5 basis points per year, from a range of 7.5 to 27.5 basis points per year, also based on applicable long-term credit ratings.
xcel energy inc., nsp-minnesota, psco, and sps each have the right to request an extension of the revolving credit facility termination date for two additional one-year periods. nsp-wisconsin has the right to request an extension of the revolving credit facility termination date for an additional one-year period. all extension requests are subject to majority bank group approval.
as of feb. 17, 2017, xcel energy inc. and its utility subsidiaries had the following committed credit facilities available to meet liquidity needs:
(millions of dollars)             facility (a)             drawn (b)             available           cash             liquidity xcel energy inc.                 $1,000                   $202                  $798               $-                $798
(a)   these credit facilities mature in june 2021.
(b)   includes outstanding commercial paper and letters of credit.
money pool - xcel energy received ferc approval to establish a utility money pool arrangement with the utility subsidiaries, subject to receipt of required state regulatory approvals. the utility money pool allows for short-term investments in and borrowings between the utility subsidiaries. xcel energy inc. may make investments in the utility subsidiaries at market-based interest rates; however, the money pool arrangement does not allow the utility subsidiaries to make investments in xcel energy inc. the money pool balances are eliminated in consolidation.
nsp-minnesota, psco and sps participate in the money pool pursuant to approval from their respective state regulatory commissions. nsp-wisconsin does not participate in the money pool.
registration statements - xcel energy inc.'s articles of incorporation authorize the issuance of one billion shares of $2.50 par value common stock. as of dec. 31, 2016 and 2015, xcel energy inc. had approximately 507 million shares and 508 million shares of common stock outstanding, respectively. in addition, xcel energy inc.'s articles of incorporation authorize the issuance of seven million shares of $100 par value preferred stock. xcel energy inc. had no shares of preferred stock outstanding on dec. 31, 2016 and 2015.
xcel energy inc. and its utility subsidiaries have registration statements on file with the sec pursuant to which they may sell securities from time to time. these registration statements, which are uncapped, permit xcel energy inc. and its utility subsidiaries to issue debt and other securities in the future at amounts, prices and with terms to be determined at the time of future offerings, and in the case of our utility subsidiaries, subject to commission approval.
financing plans - during 2017, xcel energy inc. and its utility subsidiaries anticipate issuing the following:
financing plans are subject to change, depending on capital expenditures, internal cash generation, market conditions and other factors.
long-term borrowings and other financing instruments - see the consolidated statements of capitalization and a discussion of the long-term borrowings in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements.
xcel energy inc. issued approximately 5.7 million shares of common stock through an atm program for approximately $175 million during the first six months of 2014. xcel energy completed its atm program as of june 30, 2014. xcel energy does not anticipate issuing any additional equity over the next five years based on its current capital expenditure plan.
off-balance-sheet arrangements xcel energy does not have any off-balance-sheet arrangements, other than those currently disclosed, that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors.
•   constructive outcomes in all rate case and regulatory proceedings.
•   normal weather patterns are experienced for the year.
•   weather-normalized retail electric utility sales are projected to increase 0 percent to 0.5 percent.
•   weather-normalized retail firm natural gas sales are projected to increase 0 percent to 0.5 percent.
•   capital rider revenue is projected to increase by $60 million to $70 million over 2016 levels.
•   afudc - equity is projected to increase approximately $0 million to $10 million from 2016 levels.
(a)   ongoing earnings could differ from those prepared in accordance with gaap for unplanned and/or unknown adjustments. xcel energy is unable to forecast if any of these items will occur or provide a quantitative reconciliation of the guidance for ongoing diluted eps to corresponding gaap diluted eps.
•   maintain senior unsecured debt credit ratings in the bbb+ to a range.
ongoing earnings is calculated using net income and adjusting for certain nonrecurring or infrequent items that are, in management's view, not reflective of ongoing operations.