Throughout the contract period, customers use our solutions to complete various phases of the creative and/or marketing processes allowing them to concurrently work on multiple projects. In response to evolving customer and market expectations, we frequently expand and improve our technology to keep up with the pace of change, to provide enhancements to our tools to meet industry needs and to provide support at each stage of the customer's life cycle. We believe that investments in research and development, including the recruiting and hiring of software developers, are critical to remain competitive in the marketplace and are directly related to continued timely development of new and enhanced offerings and solutions. Our strategy with creative cloud is designed to enable us to increase our revenue with users, attract more new customers, and grow a recurring and predictable revenue stream that is recognized ratably. We continue to implement strategies that will accelerate awareness, consideration and purchase of subscriptions to our creative cloud offerings. These strategies include increasing the value creative cloud users receive, such as offering new mobile applications, as well as targeted promotions and offers that attract past customers and potential users to try out and ultimately subscribe to creative cloud. We have made significant investments to broaden the scale and size of all of these routes to market, and our recent financial results reflect the success of these investments. The addition of Tubemogul and sustained demand across our portfolio of marketing cloud solutions will drive revenue growth in future years. Our total deferred revenue increased primarily due to increases in creative cloud individual and team subscriptions, ETLAs, and new contracts and renewals for our Adobe marketing cloud solutions. We expect that the amount of unbilled deferred revenue backlog will change from period to period due to certain factors, including the timing and duration of large customer subscriptions, SaaS and managed service agreements, varying billing cycles of these agreements, the timing of customer renewals, and changes in customer financial circumstances. Our existing cash, cash equivalents and investment balances may fluctuate during fiscal 2017 due to changes in our planned cash outlay, including changes in incremental costs such as direct and integration costs related to our acquisitions. We believe these covenants will not impact our credit or cash in the coming fiscal year or restrict our ability to execute our business plan. We utilize a direct salesforce to market and license our Adobe marketing cloud solutions, as well as an extensive ecosystem of partners including marketing agencies, systems integrators and developers that help license and deploy our solutions to their customers. We are subject to the continual examination of our income tax returns by the IRS and other domestic and foreign tax authorities. We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and investment balances, our anticipated cash flows from operations and our available credit facility will be sufficient to meet our working capital and operating resource expenditure requirements for the next twelve months. Our assumptions, judgments and estimates regarding future products and services as well as our estimates of royalty revenue could differ from actual events, thus materially impacting our financial position and results of operations. We have established reserves for income taxes to address potential exposures involving tax positions that could be challenged by tax authorities. Our strategy with creative cloud is designed to enable us to increase our revenue with users, attract more new customers, and grow a recurring and predictable revenue stream that is recognized ratably.