We are a leading supplier of cloud networking solutions that use software innovations to address the needs of large-scale internet companies, cloud service providers, and next-generation data centers for enterprise support. Our cloud networking solutions deliver industry-leading performance, scalability, availability, programmability, automation, and visibility. The programmability of our operating system has allowed us to create a set of software applications that address the requirements of cloud networking, including workflow automation, network visibility, and analytics, and has also allowed us to rapidly integrate with a wide range of third-party applications for virtualization, management, automation, orchestration, and network services. We believe that our cloud networking platform addresses the large and growing cloud networking segment of data center switching, which remains in the early stage of adoption. We expect to continue growing our organization to meet the needs of new and existing customers as they increasingly realize the performance and cost benefits of our cloud networking solutions and as they expand their cloud networks. We intend to continue investing in our research and development organization to enhance the functionality of our existing cloud networking platform, introduce new products and features, and build upon our technology leadership. We believe one of our greatest strengths lies in our rapid development of new features and applications. Our development model is focused on the development of new products based on our software and enhancements to our operating system. We engineer our products to be agnostic to the underlying merchant silicon architecture, enabling us to focus our research and development resources on our software core competencies. Our sales strategies target specific projects at our current end customers because they are familiar with the operational and economic benefits of our cloud networking solutions, thereby reducing the sales cycle. We believe this opportunity with current end customers to be significant given their existing and expected infrastructure spend. We expect our business and results of operations will depend on our ability to sell additional products to our growing base of customers. We expect to continue to derive a growing portion of our sales through our channel partners as they develop new end customers and expand sales to our existing end customers. We plan to continue to invest in our network of channel partners to enable them to reach new end customers more effectively, increase sales to existing customers, and provide services and support effectively. We believe that increasing channel leverage will extend and improve our engagement with a broad set of customers. Our research and development efforts are focused on maintaining and developing additional functionality for our existing products and on new product development, including new releases and upgrades to our software and applications. We expect our research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest heavily in software development in order to expand the capabilities of our cloud networking platform, introduce new products and features, and build upon our technology leadership. Our business model requires us to manage risks effectively to ensure successful results, and we face intense competition, especially from larger, well-established companies. We must continue to expand the capabilities of our cloud networking platform to succeed in our market. We have experienced unpredictability in the timing of large orders, especially with respect to our large end customers, due to the complexity of orders and the time it takes end customers to evaluate, test, qualify, and accept our products. Our results of operations will depend on our ability to continue to add new customers and sell additional products to our existing customers. We believe that customer references have been, and will continue to be, an important factor in winning new business.