We are a global market leader in design, development, manufacture, sale, service, and support of commercial jetliners, military aircraft, satellites, missile defense, human space flight, and launch systems and services. Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses, supplemented and supported by Boeing Capital. We focus on producing the products and providing the services that the market demands while continuing to find new ways to improve efficiency and quality. Our strategy benefits us as the cyclicality of commercial and defense markets sometimes offsets. We continue to monitor political unrest involving Russia and Ukraine, where we and some of our suppliers source titanium products. To date, we have not experienced any significant disruptions to production or deliveries. However, should suppliers or customers experience disruption, our production and/or deliveries could be materially impacted. The commercial jet airplane market and the airline industry remain extremely competitive, with market liberalization enabling low-cost airlines to gain market share, increasing pressures on airfares and costs. We face aggressive international competitors who are intent on increasing their market share and offer competitive products. The industry remains vulnerable to near-term exogenous developments including fuel price spikes, credit market shocks, terrorism, natural disasters, conflicts, epidemics, and increased global environmental regulations. We are focused on improving our processes and continuing cost-reduction efforts, leveraging our extensive customer support services network which enhances our ability to pursue pricing strategies that enable us to price competitively. The complexity of our airplane programs creates financial risk as additional completion costs may become necessary or scheduled delivery dates could be extended, which could trigger termination provisions, order cancellations, or other financially significant exposure. We continue to implement mitigation plans and cost-reduction efforts to improve program profitability and address program risks. Our ability to deliver aircraft on time, satisfy performance and reliability standards, and achieve or maintain program profitability is subject to significant risks. We continue to monitor wide-body demand and if sufficient orders do not materialize during the next several quarters, we may consider appropriate adjustments to the planned production rate increase. We are committed to being the leader in commercial aviation by offering airplanes and services that deliver superior design, efficiency, and value to customers around the world. Our research and development expenses reflect the reclassification from inventory to research and development expense related to the fourth and fifth 787 flight test aircraft and higher planned spending related to the 777x program. The operational management of our manufacturing operations and extended global supply chain is critical to our performance. We continue to have a number of completed aircraft in inventory and remain focused on obtaining additional orders and implementing cost-reduction efforts. Our strategic initiatives are designed to enhance our organizational resilience, enabling us to adapt to environmental perturbations and maintain operational continuity. We are committed to fostering collaboration networks and inter-organizational collaboration to enhance our organizational capabilities and ensure our long-term success in a turbulent market environment.