Our mission is to help people experience the world. We seek to achieve our mission by providing consumers, travel service providers, and restaurants with worldwide leadership in online reservation and related services. We believe this growth is the result of, among other things, the broader shift of travel purchases from offline to online, the widespread adoption of mobile devices, and the continued innovation and execution by our teams around the world to build accommodation supply, content, and distribution and to improve the consumer experience on our websites and mobile apps. Concerns persist about the outlook for the global economy in general, including uncertainty in the European Union and China. Perceived or actual adverse economic conditions, including slow, slowing or negative economic growth, unemployment rates, and weakening currencies could impair consumer spending and adversely affect travel demand. Further, uncertainty regarding the future of the European Union following the United Kingdom's vote to leave ("Brexit") could also negatively affect consumer spending and adversely affect travel demand. These and other macro-economic uncertainties, such as sovereign default risk becoming more widespread, declining oil prices, geopolitical tensions, and differing central bank monetary policies, have led to significant volatility in the exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and other currencies. We have observed an increase in promotional pricing to closed user groups, including through mobile apps. We have established widely used and recognized e-commerce brands through marketing and promotional campaigns. Our performance and brand advertising expenses have increased significantly in recent years. We intend to continue a strategy of promoting brand awareness through both online and offline advertising efforts. We believe that our future success depends in large part on our ability to continue to profitably grow our brands worldwide and to offer other travel and travel-related services. Factors beyond our control, such as worldwide recession, oil prices, terrorist attacks, unusual or extreme weather or natural disasters, travel-related health concerns, political instability, and regional hostilities can disrupt travel or otherwise result in declines in travel demand. Because these events or concerns are largely unpredictable, they can dramatically and suddenly affect travel behavior by consumers and therefore demand for our services, which can adversely affect our business and results of operations. We intend to continue to invest in marketing and promotion, technology, and personnel within parameters consistent with attempts to improve long-term operating results, even if those expenditures create pressure on operating margins. Our goal is to grow gross profit and achieve healthy operating margins in an effort to maintain profitability. The uncertain and highly competitive environment in which we operate makes the prediction of future results of operations difficult, and accordingly, we may not be able to sustain gross profit growth and profitability. We believe that continuously including contracted properties provides a more consistent and useful property count. We believe that continuing to expand the number and variety of accommodations available through our services will help us to continue to grow our accommodation reservation business. Our international business represents the substantial majority of our financial results, and we expect our operating results and other financial metrics to continue to be largely driven by international performance. We have observed a long-term trend of decreasing performance advertising returns on investment, a trend we expect to continue, though the rate of decrease may fluctuate and there may be periods of stable or increasing returns from time to time.