In fiscal 2016, we continued to focus on customer experience, which is anchored on the principles of putting customers first and taking care of our associates. Our commitment to customer service remains strong, and we have taken steps to provide our customers with a seamless and frictionless shopping experience in our stores, online, on the job site, and in their homes. We rolled out a redesign of our website to enhance search capabilities and checkout experience, and we updated our mobile app. We invested in our interconnected capabilities to effectively meet customers' demands for increased fulfillment options, completing the deployment of our new com platform in all U.S. stores. Our bodfs program complements existing interconnected retail programs, and approximately 45% of our online U.S. orders were picked up in stores through our bopis and boss offerings. Sales from online channels increased 19.3% for fiscal 2016, representing 5.9% of total net sales. We enabled a dynamic eta feature for online orders, which provides customers with faster and more accurate delivery dates based on their location, enhancing conversion rates and customer satisfaction. Our product authority is facilitated by our merchandising transformation and portfolio strategy, focusing on delivering product innovation, assortment, and value. We introduced a wide range of innovative new products while remaining focused on offering everyday values. Our approach to driving productivity and efficiency is advanced through continuous operational improvement in our stores and supply chain, disciplined capital allocation, and building shareholder value through higher returns on invested capital. We continued to optimize our supply chain through our multi-year program called project sync, which aims to reduce lead time from supplier to shelf, reduce transportation expenses, and improve inventory turns. This program will create an end-to-end solution benefiting all participants in our supply chain. In fiscal 2016, we opened four new stores in Mexico, bringing our total store count to 2,278. We generated $9.8 billion of cash flow from operations, which, along with long-term debt and short-term borrowings, was used to repay senior notes, fund share repurchases, pay dividends, and fund capital expenditures. Our inventory turnover ratio was 4.9 times at the end of both fiscal 2016 and 2015. We believe our current cash position, access to long-term debt capital markets, and cash flow generated from operations should be sufficient for operating requirements and to complete capital expenditure programs. We maintain network security and privacy liability insurance to limit exposure to losses from data breaches. Our self-insured retention for claims is limited, and we regularly review our estimated liabilities for self-insured claims to ensure they are appropriate. We evaluate our long-lived assets for impairment indicators each quarter, assessing cash flows and making critical assumptions about future sales and operating margins. Our cash flow projections consider economic conditions and market competition, ensuring we maintain operational continuity and resilience in the face of disruptions.