Our growth strategy depends upon our ability to initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends, to enter new markets, and to drive broad adoption of the products and services we develop and market. As we continue transitioning to offer more connected services, the ongoing operation and availability of our information technology and communication systems and those of our external service providers is becoming increasingly important. We face risks associated with the hosting, collection, use, and retention of personal customer information and data. We are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities. We implemented additional security measures in our products and began working with state governments to share information regarding suspicious filings while continuing to share such information with the federal government. Our business is subject to significant seasonality, and we believe the seasonality of our business is likely to continue in the future. We evaluate, on an ongoing basis, the merits of acquiring technology or businesses, or establishing strategic relationships with and investing in other companies. Our strong liquidity profile enables us to respond nimbly to these kinds of opportunities. We expect to continue to develop, maintain, and strengthen new and existing relationships. We believe that an understanding of these trends is important in order to understand our financial results for fiscal 2016 as well as our future prospects. The industry in which we operate is dynamic and highly competitive, and we expect it to remain so in the future. The markets for software and related services, especially highly-available connected services, are characterized by rapid technological change, shifting customer needs, and frequent new product introductions and enhancements. The result is a global market that is shifting from traditional services that are paper-based, human-produced, and brick-and-mortar bound, to one where people understand, demand, and embrace the benefits of connected services. This trend toward connected services is the primary driver of the strategies in all of our businesses. We are investing significant resources in our product development, marketing, and sales capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. Our future growth also increasingly depends on the strength of our third-party business relationships. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents, investments, and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to meet anticipated seasonal working capital needs, capital expenditure requirements, contractual obligations, commitments, debt service requirements, and other liquidity requirements associated with our operations for at least the next 12 months. We expect to return excess cash generated by operations to our stockholders through repurchases of our common stock and payment of cash dividends, after taking into account our operating and strategic cash needs. We track certain non-financial drivers of revenue growth, including customer growth and retention for all of our businesses and transaction volume for our payment processing business. Our connected services offerings have generally grown faster than those for our traditional desktop software offerings, reflecting our strategic focus on connected services over the past few years. We continue to invest in security and to work with the broader industry and government to protect our customers against fraud. We are subject to certain legal proceedings, as well as demands, claims, and threatened litigation that arise in the normal course of our business. We review the status of each significant matter quarterly and assess our potential financial exposure.