As a global investment firm, we are affected by financial and economic conditions globally. Global and regional economic conditions have a substantial impact on our financial condition and results of operations, impacting the values of the investments we make, our ability to exit these investments profitably and our ability to make new investments. Market conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, including by reducing the value or performance of the investments that we manage or by reducing the ability of our funds to raise or deploy capital, each of which could negatively impact our net income and cash flow and adversely affect our financial condition. Periods of volatility and dislocation in the capital markets present substantial risks, but also can present us with opportunities to invest at reduced valuations that position us for future growth. Our ability to grow our revenues depends in part on our ability to attract new capital and investors, our successful deployment of capital including from our balance sheet and our ability to realize investments. Our ability to maintain and grow our revenue base is dependent upon our ability to successfully deploy the capital available to us and participate in capital markets transactions. We seek to make investments which have an ability to achieve our targeted returns while taking on a reasonable level of risk, and we may experience periods of reduced investment activity. The strength and liquidity of the U.S. and relevant global equity markets generally, and the initial public offering market specifically affects the value of, and our ability to successfully exit, our equity positions in our private equity portfolio companies in a timely manner. Our investments are impacted by various economic conditions that are difficult to quantify or predict, and may have a significant impact on the valuation of our investments and, therefore, on the investment income we realize and our financial condition and results of operations. Our ability to attract new capital and investors is driven, in part, by the extent to which they continue to see the alternative asset management industry generally, and our investment products specifically, as an attractive vehicle for capital appreciation or income. We have expanded into strategies such as energy, infrastructure, real estate, growth equity, credit and hedge funds. However, fundraising continues to be competitive. Our ability to realize investments is influenced by the strength and liquidity of the markets, and reduced levels of transaction activity also tends to result in reduced potential future investment gains, lower transaction fees and lower fees for our capital markets business. Our segment key performance measures are used by management in making operating and resource deployment decisions as well as assessing the overall performance of each of KKR's reportable business segments. We believe that providing these performance measures on a supplemental basis to our GAAP results is helpful to unitholders in assessing the overall performance of KKR's businesses. We manage our liquidity and capital requirements by focusing on our cash flows before the consolidation of our funds and CFEs and the effect of changes in short-term assets and liabilities. Our primary sources of liquidity consist of amounts received from our operating activities, including the fees earned from our funds, portfolio companies, and capital markets transactions, as well as realizations on carried interest from our investment funds. The declaration and payment of any future distributions on preferred or common units are subject to the discretion of the board of directors of the general partner of KKR and the terms of its limited partnership agreement.