We operate in an environment characterized by both increasing complexity in global security and continuing economic pressures in the U.S. and globally. A significant component of our strategy in this environment is to focus on program execution, improving the quality and predictability of the delivery of our products and services and placing security capability quickly into the hands of our U.S. and international customers at affordable prices. Recognizing that our customers are resource constrained, we are endeavoring to develop and extend our portfolio domestically in a disciplined manner with a focus on adjacent markets close to our core capabilities, as well as growing our international sales. We continuously strive to strengthen our portfolio of products and services to meet the current and future needs of our customers. We accomplish this in part by our independent research and development activities and through acquisition, divestiture, and internal realignment activities. In pursuing our business strategy, we routinely conduct discussions, evaluate targets, and enter into agreements regarding possible acquisitions, divestitures, ventures, and equity investments. Our outlook for 2017 assumes the U.S. government continues to support and fund our key programs, consistent with the government fiscal year 2017 budget. Changes in circumstances may require us to revise our assumptions, which could materially change our current estimate of 2017 net sales and operating profit margin. We expect the 2017 net sales will increase in the mid-single digit range from 2016 levels, driven by increased production and sustainment volume on the F-35 program at aeronautics as well as increased volume at missiles and fire control and rotary and mission systems. We also expect to continue to invest in technologies to fulfill new mission requirements for our customers and invest in our people so that we have the technical skills necessary to succeed without limiting our ability to return substantially all of our free cash flow to our investors in the form of dividends and share repurchases. Our strategic plan includes growing our international sales, focusing on strengthening our relationships internationally through partnerships and joint technology efforts. We have active development, production, and sustainment support of the S-70i Black Hawk and MH-60 Seahawk aircraft to foreign military customers. Our acquisition of Sikorsky adds a significant international component to our business segment with an installed base of over 1,000 aircraft internationally. We have a balanced cash deployment strategy to enhance stockholder value and position ourselves to take advantage of new business opportunities when they arise. Our strong operating cash flows enabled our board of directors to approve two key cash deployment initiatives, including an increase in our dividend rate and an increase to our share repurchase program. We expect our cash from operations will continue to be sufficient to support our operations and anticipated capital expenditures for the foreseeable future. We also have access to credit markets, if needed, for liquidity or general corporate purposes. Our ability to recover investments on our consolidated balance sheet that we make to satisfy offset obligations is generally dependent upon the successful operation of ventures that we do not control and may involve products and services that are dissimilar to our business activities. We consider the above factors in our quarterly estimates of the timing and amount of any future costs that may be required for remediation activities, which results in the calculation of a range of estimates for a particular environmental site. We are a party to various agreements, proceedings, and potential proceedings for environmental cleanup issues, including matters at various sites where we have been designated a potentially responsible party.