Nike's strategy is to achieve long-term revenue growth by creating innovative, "must have" products, building deep personal consumer connections with our brands, and delivering compelling consumer experiences at retail and online. We continue to strive to deliver shareholder value by driving operational excellence, which includes optimizing selling and administrative expenses and managing working capital efficiency. Our long-term financial goals emphasize sustainable, profitable growth through effective management of our diversified portfolio of businesses. Despite significant foreign currency headwinds, we achieved record revenues and earnings per share for fiscal 2016, demonstrating the power of the Nike, Inc. portfolio to deliver continued growth and expanding profitability. The increase in revenues was attributable to growth for nearly every Nike brand geography and across most key categories and product types, fueled by innovative performance and sportswear products, deep brand connections with consumers, and strong category retail presentation. Our operational strategies include investments in consumer engagement that drive economic returns and infrastructure investments that improve the efficiency and effectiveness of our operations. We have also focused on expanding our higher gross margin direct-to-consumer business, which is part of an integrated marketplace growth strategy. The growth in net income was positively affected by a decrease in our effective tax rate, primarily due to an increase in the proportion of earnings from operations outside the United States. Our approach to managing foreign currency risk is designed to lessen both the positive and negative effects of currency fluctuations on our consolidated results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. We utilize a variety of tax planning and financing strategies to manage our worldwide cash and deploy funds to locations where they are needed. We routinely repatriate a portion of our foreign earnings for which U.S. taxes have previously been provided, while also indefinitely reinvesting a significant portion of our foreign earnings. The company has made significant investments in infrastructure to support current and future growth, particularly in supply chain and corporate initiatives, as well as the expansion of our direct-to-consumer operations. We anticipate continued investment in our infrastructure to support future growth, including digital capabilities. Our financial management practices involve assessing the likelihood of collecting accounts receivable and maintaining an allowance for estimated losses, as well as ongoing estimates relating to the net realizable value of inventories. We also engage in legal proceedings regarding various matters, and we record contingent liabilities when a loss is assessed to be probable and the amount of the loss is reasonably estimable. The company’s operational flexibility and strategic initiatives are designed to enhance our resilience in the face of external pressures and environmental disruptions, ensuring that we can maintain performance under pressure and adapt to changing market conditions.