Our company and our businesses starting with a focus on PC graphics, NVIDIA invented the GPU to solve some of the most complex problems in computer science. We have extended our emphasis in recent years to the revolutionary field of AI. NVIDIA delivers value to its customers through PC, mobile, and cloud architectures. Vertical integration enables us to bring together hardware, system software, programmable algorithms, libraries, systems, and services to create unique value for the markets we serve. We specialize in markets in which GPU-based visual computing and accelerated computing platforms can provide tremendous throughput for applications. Our GPU business revenue increased by 39% in fiscal year 2017 compared to fiscal year 2016, reflecting strong demand for deep learning training, cloud, accelerated, and virtualized computing. We also collaborated with Microsoft to accelerate AI with a GPU-accelerated Microsoft cognitive toolkit available on the Microsoft Azure cloud and NVIDIA DGX-1, partnered with the National Cancer Institute and the U.S. Department of Energy to build an AI framework that will advance cancer research. Our research and development expenses increased by 10% in fiscal year 2017 compared to fiscal year 2016, driven primarily by employee additions and increases in employee compensation and other related costs. We believe that our existing cash balances and anticipated cash flows from operations will be sufficient to meet our operating and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next twelve months. We recognize federal, state, and foreign current tax liabilities or assets based on our estimate of taxes payable or refundable in the current fiscal year by tax jurisdiction. Our estimates may differ from actual cash flow due to, among other things, economic conditions, changes to our business model, or changes in operating performance. We are involved in legal actions and/or investigations by regulatory bodies. We are aggressively defending our current litigation matters. However, there are many uncertainties associated with any litigation or investigations, and we cannot be certain that these actions or other third-party claims against us will be resolved without costly litigation, fines, and/or substantial settlement payments. Our overall gross margin was 58.8%, 56.1%, and 55.5% for fiscal years 2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively. These increases were driven primarily by a higher mix of our GPU business, fewer inventory provisions, and lower warranty charges in our Tegra processor business. We returned $1.00 billion to shareholders in fiscal year 2017 through share repurchases and quarterly cash dividends, and we intend to return approximately $1.25 billion to shareholders in fiscal year 2018. Our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities were $6.80 billion as of January 29, 2017, up from $5.04 billion as of January 31, 2016. We believe the following critical accounting policies affect our significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. We have identified two reporting units for the purposes of completing our goodwill analysis. The fair values of our GPU and Tegra processor reporting units significantly exceeded their respective carrying values. We have not provided for U.S. federal and state income taxes on approximately $3.13 billion of undistributed earnings of non-U.S. subsidiaries, as such earnings are considered indefinitely reinvested outside the United States. We are constructing a new headquarters building in Santa Clara, California, which is currently targeted for completion in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2018.