In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, we announced a strategic realignment plan designed to improve execution, enhance financial performance, and drive profitable growth as we work to create sustainable long-term value for stockholders. As part of this strategic realignment plan, we implemented a cost reduction plan, which included a series of targeted reductions across our businesses, particularly in QCT, and a reduction to annual share-based compensation grants. These cost reduction initiatives were achieved by the end of fiscal 2016. Our business, particularly QCT, expects to continue to be impacted by industry dynamics, including concentration of device share among a few companies within the premium tier, resulting in significant supply chain leverage for those companies. We believe that certain licensees, particularly in China, are not fully complying with their contractual obligations to report their sales of licensed products to us, and certain companies, including unlicensed companies, are delaying execution of new license agreements. While we have made substantial progress in reaching agreements with many companies, negotiations with certain licensees and unlicensed companies are ongoing. We continue to invest significant resources toward advancements in 4G LTE and 5G technologies, which contribute to the expansion of our intellectual property portfolio. We are also investing in targeted opportunities that leverage our existing technical and business expertise to deploy new business models and enter into new industry segments. Our strategic investment activities intend to pursue various exit strategies for each of our QSI investments in the foreseeable future. We expect continued growth in the coming years in consumer demand for 3G, 3G/4G multimode, and 4G products and services around the world, driven primarily by smartphones. We also expect growth in new device categories and industries, driven by the expanding adoption of certain technologies that are already commonly used in smartphones. Our liquidity and capital resources are impacted by our proposed acquisition of NXP, which will require us to devote significant resources and management time and attention prior to close, take on significant debt, and utilize a substantial portion of our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. We believe our current cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, our expected cash flow generated from operations, and our expected financing activities will satisfy our working and other capital requirements for at least the next 12 months based on our current business plans. The increase in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities was primarily the result of net cash provided by operating activities and net proceeds from short-term debt. We expect that certain companies may continue to be dissatisfied with the need to pay reasonable royalties for the use of our technology and not welcome the success of our business model in enabling new, highly cost-effective competitors to their products. We expect that such companies, and/or governments or regulators, will continue to challenge our business model in various forums throughout the world. Our judgments regarding the existence of impairment indicators and future cash flows related to goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets may be based on operational performance of our businesses, market conditions, expected selling price, and/or other factors. The determination of the recorded value of intangible assets acquired in a business combination requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect our consolidated financial statements.