We continued to generate strong cash flows, allowing us to return value to our shareholders through cash dividends and share repurchases. In addition, we continue to reinvest in our business by adding new stores and remodeling existing ones, while continuing to strengthen our infrastructure in support of our continuing growth. The increase in same store sales was driven primarily by an increase in customer traffic. Our consolidated average per store inventories were down at the end of fiscal 2017 as compared to the prior year. The improvement in our cost of sales ratio was driven by an increase in merchandise margin. The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to higher store payroll costs due to wage increases and investments to support our growth. We evaluate the performance of our segments based on segment profit or loss, which we define as pre-tax income or loss before general corporate expense, loss on early extinguishment of debt, the pension settlement charge and interest expense. Segment profit margin decreased due to higher supply chain costs and the negative impact of the mark to market of inventory derivatives. The increase in same store sales for fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016 was primarily due to an increase in customer traffic. Our e-commerce businesses represent a small percentage of total sales and did not have a significant impact on year-over-year segment margin comparisons. We expect to open approximately 65 Marmaxx stores, which would increase selling square footage by approximately 2%. The increase in same store sales growth was primarily due to an increase in customer traffic, with strong performance in home fashions compared to apparel. The decline in segment margin was driven by a decrease in merchandise margin and higher supply chain and distribution center costs. We plan to increase our capital expenditures to support growth, including investments in offices and distribution centers, as well as new store openings. We believe our existing cash and cash equivalents, internally generated funds, and our credit facilities are more than adequate to meet our operating needs over the next fiscal year. Our stock repurchase programs, which reduce our weighted average diluted shares outstanding, benefited our earnings per share growth. We traditionally have funded our working capital requirements primarily through cash generated from operations, supplemented, as needed, by short-term bank borrowings and the issuance of commercial paper. The increase in general corporate expense was driven by continued investments in corporate systems and technology along with increases in compensation, benefits, and professional services. The increase in segment profit margin was driven by expense leverage on same store sales growth and an increase in merchandise margin. The operating results of our segments reflect the impact of various factors including historical trends, recent performance, and general economic assumptions. We continue to transition our business models and expand our store base, while being mindful of external pressures and operational flexibility. The increase in same store sales was driven by strong customer traffic, and we expect to continue adapting our strategies to enhance performance under pressure and address future market conditions.