The objectives of our management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are to provide users of our consolidated financial statements with a narrative explanation from the perspective of management of our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and certain other factors that may affect future results. Our ability to acquire and retain branded customers is important to our business in the generation of revenues, and we believe our un-carrier strategy, along with ongoing network improvements, has been successful in attracting and retaining customers as evidenced by continued branded customer growth and improved branded postpaid phone and branded prepaid customer churn. The increase in service revenues was primarily due to growth in our average branded customer base as a result of strong customer response to our un-carrier initiatives and the success of our metropcs brand and continued growth in new markets. Our operating expenses increased primarily due to strategic investments to support our growing customer base, including higher employee-related costs, commissions driven by an increase in branded customer additions, and promotional costs. We expect cash capital expenditures for property and equipment to be in the range of $4.8 billion to $5.1 billion in 2017, excluding capitalized interest, which will support our operational management and strategic initiatives. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to an increase in net non-cash income and expenses included in net income primarily due to changes in depreciation and amortization, deferred income tax expense, and gains on disposal of spectrum licenses. Our liquidity requirements have been driven primarily by capital expenditures for spectrum licenses and the construction, expansion, and upgrading of our network infrastructure. We regularly review and update projections for changes in current and projected financial and operating results, general economic conditions, the competitive landscape, and other factors. The ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform itself to emerge stronger from challenging situations is critical for maintaining organizational resilience. We believe that our strategic response to market volatility and operational flexibility contributes to our organizational health and capability to confront future challenges. Our focus on customer satisfaction and loyalty has resulted in decreased churn rates, indicating improved organizational effectiveness under pressure. The successful execution of our un-carrier strategy reflects our commitment to service innovation and adaptability in a turbulent market environment. We are making an accounting change in 2017 to include imputed interest associated with equipment installment plan receivables in other revenues, which is expected to enhance our financial performance. The overall performance maintenance and organizational transformation initiatives are designed to ensure that we can absorb strain and preserve functioning despite the presence of adversity, thereby enhancing our organizational resilience.