Our mission is to accelerate the world's transition to sustainable energy. We design, develop, manufacture, lease and sell high-performance fully electric vehicles, as well as provide energy storage through the offering of Powerpack and Powerwall. We expect to introduce further new vehicle variants and over-the-air functionality over time. We also expect that the demand for our vehicles will continue to increase as we improve our vehicles, and expand our retail, service and charging infrastructure and as we develop new products. We continue to make progress in increasing vehicle production. We expect that this investment will grow our supercharger network greatly. We plan to build 500,000 vehicles in 2018, which is approximately double our prior growth plan. We continually evaluate our capital expenditure needs. We expect to invest between $2.0 billion and $2.5 billion in capital expenditures ahead of the start of Model 3 production in 2017. We believe that demand for our energy products will continue to increase. We plan to reduce customer acquisition costs by cutting advertising spend and increasingly selling solar products in Tesla stores. We have an agreement to spend or incur approximately $5.0 billion in combined capital, operational expenses, costs of goods sold and other costs in the state of New York during the 10-year period following full production at Gigafactory 2. We anticipate meeting these obligations through our operations at Gigafactory 2 and other operations within the state of New York over the 10-year term of the agreement, and we do not believe that we face a significant risk of default. Our capital resources include senior secured asset-based revolving credit agreements and warehouse agreements to support our financing needs. We expect to generate additional liquidity through the sale of solar energy systems to customers and financing funds created to monetize the cash flows, tax attributes and other incentives generated by solar energy systems deployed under operating leases or power purchase agreements. Our operating cash flows are affected by our working capital needs to support growth and fluctuations in inventory, personnel-related expenditures, accounts payable and other current assets and liabilities. We continue to invest in construction of the building at Gigafactory and in production equipment for battery, module and pack production. We broke ground on Gigafactory 1 in June 2014 and began production of lithium-ion battery cells for our energy storage products in the first quarter of 2017. We expect that the acquisition of Grohmann will further increase our production automation and efficiency. We are developing Gigafactory 1 as a facility where we work together with our suppliers to integrate production of battery material, cells, modules and battery packs in one location for both vehicles and energy storage products. We have determined that we are the primary beneficiary of a number of variable interest entities. We evaluate our relationships with all the variable interest entities on an ongoing basis to ensure that we continue to be the primary beneficiary. We believe that our current sources of liquidity, including cash and cash equivalents, together with our current projections of cash flow from operating activities, will provide us with adequate liquidity over at least the next 12 months based on our current plans. We expect to continue to lower the cost of manufacturing our vehicles over the next several quarters due to economies of scale, material cost reductions and more efficient manufacturing. The increasing trend in cost of manufacturing vehicles is expected to improve total automotive gross margin over time and mitigate some of the higher ramp-up costs associated with the launch of Model 3.