We are a leading global provider of cloud-based human capital management ("HCM") technology solutions, including payroll, talent management, human resources management, benefits administration, and workforce management. Our investments in technology, service, and distribution are positioned to maintain positive momentum into fiscal 2020. We are reshaping the HCM industry with leading innovations like our next-gen platforms and driving growth through our strategic cloud-based HCM solutions. Our transformation initiatives, including voluntary early retirement programs and workforce optimization, are yielding operating efficiencies and are focused on changing how we work. The efficiencies driving margin performance are the result of our continued successful execution of our broader transformation initiatives, including improvements in our systems infrastructure spend and automation efforts. We continue to generate a high percentage of recurring revenues, healthy and improving margins, and consistent strong cash flows. Our revenue growth includes benefits from acquisitions and new business started from employer services new business bookings. The employer services client revenue retention rate improved due to higher retention across our cloud-based solutions and our focus on improving the client experience. Our financial condition and balance sheet remain solid, and we are focused on rethinking a better, more personalized world at work, helping our clients and their workers achieve their full potential. The increase in interest earned on funds held for clients resulted from the improvement in the average yield earned on our client funds investments and growth in average client funds balances. Systems development and programming costs were flat due to reduced costs as a result of our transformation initiatives, offset by increased investments in product innovation, primarily in our next-gen platforms. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased due to increased selling and marketing expenses related to our brand efforts and increased costs related to our transformation initiatives and acquisitions. We believe that the exclusion of certain items helps us reflect the fundamentals of our underlying business model and analyze results against our expectations. The adjusted results provide relevant and useful information for investors because it allows them to view performance in a manner similar to the method used by management. Our transformation initiatives are designed to enhance our position as a leading global HCM provider that can help businesses address the entire worker spectrum from full-time to freelancer through hire to retire. Our strategic acquisitions and organic investments, such as the ADP Marketplace and ADP DataCloud, are enhancing our capabilities. The increase in our average interest rate earned on client funds and the growth in average client funds balances are contributing to our revenue growth. We are focused on maintaining our positive momentum and driving long-term shareholder value through balanced revenue growth, profit growth, and margin expansion. The improvements in our client satisfaction scores and employer services revenue retention are indicative of our successful execution on these initiatives. We are committed to mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities to support and enhance our business strategies and work processes.