The discussion in our MD&A and elsewhere in this Form 10-K contains trend analyses and other forward-looking statements regarding our business strategies, including expectations regarding product capability and acceptance. Our strategy is to build enduring relationships with customers, delivering innovative technology that provides valuable automation and insight into their design and make processes. We equip and inspire our users with tailored tools, services, and access they need for success today and tomorrow. Our cloud offerings provide tools, including mobile and collaboration capabilities, to streamline design, collaboration, building, and manufacturing and data management processes. We believe that customer adoption of these new offerings will continue to grow as customers across a range of industries begin to take advantage of the scalable computing power and flexibility provided through these new services. Our strategy includes improving our product functionality and expanding our product offerings through internal development as well as through the acquisition of products, technology, and businesses. We continually review these factors in making decisions regarding acquisitions. Our large global network of distributors, resellers, third-party developers, customers, educational institutions, educators, and students is a key competitive advantage which has been cultivated over an extensive period. This network of partners and relationships provides us with a broad and deep reach into volume markets around the world. Our distributor and reseller network is extensive and provides our customers with the resources to purchase, deploy, learn, and support our solutions quickly and easily. We have a significant number of registered third-party developers who create products that work well with our solutions and extend them for a variety of specialized applications. Our sustainability initiatives focus our efforts on the areas where we can have the greatest positive impact: products and support, catalyzing impact and innovation in our future markets, and leading by example with our 100% renewable and sustainable business practices. Our strategy depends upon a number of assumptions, including making our technology available to mainstream markets and leveraging our large global network. If the outcome of any of these assumptions differs from our expectations, we may not be able to implement our strategy, which could potentially adversely affect our business. Our cash flow from operations increased significantly, and we expect to meet our liquidity needs through a combination of current cash balances, ongoing cash flows, and external borrowings. We utilize foreign currency contracts to reduce the exchange rate effect on a portion of the net revenue of certain anticipated transactions. Our primary source of cash is from the sale of our software and related services, and our primary use of cash is payment of our operating costs. We expect maintenance revenue will continue to decline; however, the rate of decline will vary based on the number of renewals, the renewal rate, and our ability to incentivize maintenance plan customers to switch over to subscription plan offerings. Our strategy includes reimagining construction, manufacturing, and production through investments in our BIM 360 portfolio and acquisitions of key workflow software solutions. We believe these acquisitions have enabled us to offer a more comprehensive, cloud-based construction platform. The broadened product portfolio has helped us expand our presence with subcontractors, tradespeople, and building owners. We have established the Autodesk Forge Developer Program to support innovators that build solutions to facilitate the development of a single connected ecosystem for the future of how things are designed, made, and used.