The company believes that its strategy to drive long-term shareholder value is to pursue growth through product development, distribution expansion, and digital advancements to improve the customer experience. The company expects this shift in business mix, plus continued investment in IT and digital advancements, to result in moderately higher expense ratios. The company anticipates that the ongoing investments in its platform for future growth and efficiency will leverage its market-leading position and powerful brand recognition. Additionally, the company has stated that its efforts will support prudent strategies for capital deployment with a focus on digital distribution and leveraging the company's brand, distribution, and scale. The company is impacted by financial markets, economic conditions, regulatory oversight, and various trends that affect the industries where it competes. Customer expectations and preferences are changing, with trends indicating that existing customers and potential customers seek cost-effective solutions that can be accessed through technology-enabled devices. The company expects that the need for third sector products will continue to rise in the future, and that the medical and cancer insurance products will remain an important part of its product portfolio. The company has been focusing more on the promotion of cancer and medical insurance products in a low-interest-rate environment, which are less interest-rate sensitive and more profitable compared to first sector savings products. The company has also entered into a basic agreement with Japan Post Holdings to leverage digital technology in various processes and cooperate in new product development to promote customer-centric business management. The company believes that its investment in digital technologies will enhance its capabilities and support its business transformation efforts. The company’s management is responsible for the operation of the global information security program, which includes a cybersecurity incident response plan designed to provide a management framework for a coordinated assessment and response to potential security incidents. The company has adopted an information security policy directing management to establish and operate a global information security program with the goals of monitoring existing and emerging threats and ensuring that the company's information assets and data are appropriately protected from loss or theft. The company has also made significant assumptions to determine the future estimated cash outflows related to the underlying policies and contracts, which are influenced by its operational capabilities and management skills. The company’s investment strategy incorporates asset-liability matching to align the expected cash flows of the portfolio to the needs of the company's liability structure, reflecting its strategic resource allocation and operational flexibility. The anticipated increase in investment income is expected to be partially offset by increased costs associated with continued investment in corporate ventures initiatives, demonstrating the company's commitment to leveraging technology resources and capabilities for business innovation and performance improvement.