We believe that one of our major strengths is our ability to deliver comprehensively structured insurance and risk management services to our clients. Our brokers, agents, and administrators act as intermediaries between underwriting enterprises and our clients. We expect to continue to expand our international operations through both acquisitions and organic growth. Our major sources of operating revenues are commissions, fees, and supplemental and contingent revenues from brokerage operations and fees from risk management operations. We have historically viewed organic revenue growth as an important indicator when assessing and evaluating the performance of our brokerage and risk management segments. We also believe that using non-GAAP measures allows readers of our financial statements to measure, analyze, and compare the growth from our brokerage and risk management segments in a meaningful and consistent manner. The increase in operating expense in 2019 compared to 2018 was due primarily to increases in technology expenses and costs related to divestitures. We expect total expenditures for capital improvements to be approximately $146.0 million, part of which is related to expenditures on office moves and expansions and updating computer systems and equipment. The increase in depreciation expense in 2019 compared to 2018 was due primarily to the impact of purchases of furniture, equipment, and leasehold improvements related to office expansions and moves, and expenditures related to upgrading computer systems. We anticipate that the net cash flow impact of our clean energy investments will continue to generate positive net cash flows for the period 2020 through at least 2025. We have made significant investments in clean energy operations capable of producing refined coal that we believe qualifies for tax credits under IRC section 45. Our investment in Chem-Mod LLC generates royalty income from refined coal production plants owned by those limited liability companies in which we invest. We believe that our cash flows from operations and borrowings under our credit agreement will provide us with adequate resources to meet our liquidity needs in the foreseeable future. The increase in compensation expense in 2019 compared to 2018 was primarily due to an increase in the average number of employees, salary increases, and increases in incentive compensation linked to our overall operating results. We expect that our international revenue as a percentage of our total revenues in 2020 will be comparable to 2019. The insurance brokerage industry is not capital intensive. Our capital requirements have primarily included dividend payments on our common stock, repurchases of our common stock, funding of our investments, acquisitions of brokerage and risk management operations, and capital expenditures. We believe that we have sufficient capital and access to additional capital to meet our short- and long-term cash flow needs. Our corporate segment reports the financial information related to our clean energy and other investments, our debt, certain corporate and acquisition-related activities, and the impact of foreign currency translation. The increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2019 compared to 2018 was due to decreases in payments on acquisition earnouts in excess of original estimates and timing differences between years in the collection of receivables. We expect a similar trend to be noted when the CIAB fourth quarter 2019 survey report is issued, which would signal continued price firming. We believe that one of our major strengths is our ability to deliver comprehensively structured insurance and risk management services to our clients.