The products and services we provide retail clients and, to a lesser extent, institutional clients, are the primary source of our revenues and net income. Revenues and net income are significantly affected by investment performance and the total value and composition of assets we manage and administer for our retail and institutional clients as well as the distribution fees we receive from other companies. Financial markets and macroeconomic conditions have had and will continue to have a significant impact on our operating and performance results. Accordingly, we expect to continue focusing on our key strategic objectives and obtaining operational and strategic leverage from our core capabilities. The success of these and other strategies may be affected by the factors discussed in item 1A of this annual report on form 10-K - "risk factors" - and other factors as discussed herein. Management believes that adjusted operating measures, which exclude net realized investment gains or losses, best reflect the underlying performance of our core operations and facilitate a more meaningful trend analysis. Management uses these non-GAAP measures to evaluate our financial performance on a basis comparable to that used by some securities analysts and investors. The establishment of reserves is an estimation process using a variety of methods, assumptions, and data elements. We utilize three primary levers to manage our long-term care (LTC) business. First, we have taken an active approach of steadily increasing rates since 2005, with cumulative rate increases on our LTC block. Second, we have a reserving process that reflects the policy features and risk characteristics of our blocks. Lastly, we have prudently managed our investment portfolio primarily through a liquid, investment-grade portfolio. We conduct our annual review of life insurance and annuity valuation assumptions relative to current experience and management expectations including modeling changes. The ability to analyze differences in experience provides us an effective approach in quickly detecting changes in policyholder behavior. We have extensive experience studies and analysis to monitor changes and trends in policyholder behavior. Our annual review process includes an analysis of our key reserve assumptions, including those for morbidity, terminations, premium rate increases, and investment yields. We believe we are materially less exposed to large one-time reserve adjustments due to our rigorous annual review of all key reserve assumptions. The market impact on variable annuity guaranteed benefits (net of hedges and the related amortization) was an expense for the year ended December 31, 2019 compared to the prior year. The unfavorable impact of the nonperformance credit spread was an expense for the year ended December 31, 2019 compared to a favorable impact for the prior year. The impact of unlocking was an expense for the year ended December 31, 2019 compared to a benefit for the prior year. We expect to continue focusing on our core growth areas of advice and wealth management and asset management. We made the strategic decision to expand the banking products and services we can provide directly to our clients, and commenced the process to convert Ameriprise National Trust Bank into a federal savings bank with the capabilities to offer FDIC insured deposits and a range of lending products. The ability to pursue and complete strategic transactions and initiatives, including acquisitions, divestitures, restructurings, joint ventures, and the development of new products and services, is essential for our operational flexibility and market agility.