The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our primary business is the leasing of space on communications sites to wireless service providers, radio and television broadcast companies, wireless data providers, government agencies, and municipalities. We believe that our site leasing revenue is likely to increase due to the growing use of wireless services globally and our ability to meet the corresponding incremental demand for our communications real estate. Our ability to lease additional space on our sites is primarily a function of the rate at which wireless carriers and other tenants deploy capital to improve and expand their wireless networks. This rate is influenced by the growth of wireless services, the penetration of advanced wireless devices, and the financial performance of our tenants. We anticipate increasing network densification over the next several years, as existing network infrastructure is expected to be insufficient to account for rapidly increasing levels of wireless data usage. Our established tenant base provides us with new business opportunities, which have historically resulted in consistent and predictable organic revenue growth. We continue to evaluate opportunities to acquire communications real estate portfolios to determine whether they meet our risk-adjusted hurdle rates and whether we believe we can effectively integrate them into our existing portfolio. Our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities depends upon the demand for our communications sites and our related services and our ability to increase the utilization of our existing communications sites. We derive a substantial portion of our revenues from a small number of tenants, and a failure by a significant tenant to perform its contractual obligations could adversely affect our cash flow and liquidity. The carrying value of tenant-related intangibles in India was $1,124.4 million as of December 31, 2019, which represents 12% of our consolidated balance. We review long-lived assets for impairment at least annually or whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of our assets may not be recoverable. We assess recoverability by determining whether the carrying amount of the tenant-related intangible assets will be recovered primarily through projected undiscounted future cash flows. Our measurement of adjusted EBITDA, NAREIT FFO attributable to American Tower Corporation common stockholders, consolidated AFFO, and AFFO attributable to American Tower Corporation common stockholders is not intended to replace net income or any other performance measures determined in accordance with GAAP. We believe that these metrics are useful to an investor in evaluating our operating performance because each is a key measure used by our management team for decision-making purposes and for evaluating our operating segments' performance. The increase in adjusted EBITDA was primarily attributable to the increase in our gross margin and was partially offset by an increase in SG&A. We expect that consistent carrier network investments across our international markets will, over the long term, position us to generate meaningful organic revenue growth going forward. We have focused on building relationships with large multinational carriers to increase the opportunities for growth or mutually beneficial transactional opportunities across common markets. Our ability to effectively support business needs has become a key in transforming a firm into a competitive force.