Arista Networks pioneered software-driven, cognitive cloud networking for large-scale data center and campus environments. Our cloud networking solutions deliver industry-leading performance, scalability, availability, programmability, automation, and visibility. The programmability of EOS has allowed us to create a set of software applications that address the requirements of cloud networking, including workflow automation, network visibility, and analytics, and has also allowed us to rapidly integrate with a wide range of third-party applications for virtualization, management, automation, orchestration, and network services. We believe that cloud networking will continue to replace legacy network technologies across data center and campus environments. Our cloud networking platforms are well positioned to address the growing cloud networking market and to address increasing performance requirements driven by the growing number of connected devices, as well as the need for constant connectivity and access to data and applications. Our research and development efforts are focused on maintaining and developing additional functionality for our existing products and on new product development, including new releases and upgrades to our EOS software and applications. We expect our research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in software development in order to expand the capabilities of our cloud networking platform, introduce new products and features, and build upon our technology leadership. Research and development expenses increased for the year ended December 31, 2019, primarily due to an increase in personnel costs driven by headcount growth and an increase in development-related facilities costs due to facilities expansion and headcount growth. We expect our sales and marketing expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to expand our sales and marketing efforts worldwide. Sales and marketing expenses increased significantly, primarily driven by increased headcount as well as higher sales volumes, resulting in increased compensation costs. Our cloud networking solutions incorporate our EOS software, which is designed to be fully programmable and highly modular, allowing for the effective coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes. Our business strategy includes investing in our research and development organization to enhance the functionality of our existing cloud networking platform and to build upon our technology leadership. We have experienced pricing pressure on our products and services due to competition, but demand for our products and growth in our installed base has more than offset this pricing pressure during the year. We believe our future success is dependent upon our ability to continue to develop market-leading products and features that address the needs of our end customers and our ability to sell these products to new and existing customers. Our development model is focused on the development of new products based on our EOS software and enhancements to EOS. We engineer our products to be agnostic to the underlying merchant silicon architecture, enabling us to focus our research and development resources on our software core competencies and to leverage the investments made by merchant silicon vendors to achieve cost-effective solutions. We expect continued variability in our customer concentration and timing of sales on a quarterly and annual basis, which could impact our future revenue growth. Our operating expenses consist of research and development, sales and marketing, general and administrative expenses, and legal settlement expenses, with personnel costs being the largest component. We expect operating expenses to continue to increase in absolute dollars in the near term as we continue to invest in the growth of our business.