We are a global technology leader that designs, develops and supplies a broad range of semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions. Our infrastructure software solutions enable customers to plan, develop, automate, manage, and secure applications across mainframe, distributed, mobile, and cloud platforms. Our strategy is to combine best-of-breed technology leadership in semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions, with unmatched scale, on a common sales and administrative platform to deliver a comprehensive suite of infrastructure technology products to the world's leading business and government customers. This strategy results in a robust business model designed to drive diversified and sustainable operating and financial results. The demand for our products has been affected in the past, and is likely to continue to be affected in the future, by various factors, including the shift to cloud-based IT solutions and services, such as hyperscale computing, which may adversely affect the timing and volume of sales of our products for use in traditional enterprise data centers. Our overall net revenue, as well as the percentage of total net revenue generated by sales in our semiconductor solutions and infrastructure software segments, has varied from quarter to quarter, due largely to fluctuations in end-market demand, including the effects of seasonality. We have established strong relationships with leading OEM customers across multiple target markets. This collaboration has provided us with key insights into our customers' businesses and has enabled us to be more efficient and productive and to better serve our target markets and customers. Our enterprise-wide license model will continue to offer our customers reduced complexity, more flexibility and an easier renewal process that will help drive revenue growth. Research and development expense consists primarily of personnel costs for our engineers engaged in the design and development of our products and technologies, including stock-based compensation expense. We expect to incur additional research and development expense in future periods as a result of our acquisition of the Symantec business and any future acquisitions we may make. Selling, general and administrative expense increased primarily due to the acquisition of CA and higher stock-based compensation expense. We expect to incur additional amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets in future periods as a result of our acquisition of the Symantec business and any further acquisitions we may make. Our ability to fund these requirements will depend, in part, on our future cash flows, which are determined by our future operating performance and, therefore, subject to prevailing global macroeconomic conditions and financial, business and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents on hand, cash flows from operations, and the revolving facility will provide sufficient liquidity to operate our business and fund our current and assumed obligations for at least the next 12 months. Our capital expenditures for fiscal year 2019 were lower than fiscal year 2018, due primarily to the completion of construction at our Irvine and San Jose campuses. We expect capital expenditures to be higher in fiscal year 2020 as compared to fiscal year 2019 due to the Symantec asset purchase on November 4, 2019. Our debt and liquidity needs increased as a result of completing the Symantec asset purchase. We funded $10.7 billion of cash consideration needed for that transaction with debt financing.