We focus on producing the products and providing the services that the market demands, and continue to find new ways to improve efficiency and quality to provide a fair return for our shareholders. Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses, supplemented and supported by Boeing Capital. We are continuing to monitor the impact of the 737 MAX grounding on our suppliers and working to ensure that our supply chain can support our production plans once production resumes. The commercial jet airplane market and the airline industry remain extremely competitive, with market liberalization enabling low-cost airlines to continue gaining market share. This results in continued cost pressures for all airlines and price pressure on our products. Major productivity gains are essential to ensure a favorable market position at acceptable profit margins. We are focused on safely returning the 737 MAX to service, improving our products and services, and continuing our cost-reduction efforts, which enhances our ability to compete. Our BDS strategy is to leverage our core businesses to capture key next-generation programs while expanding our presence in adjacent and international markets, underscored by an intense focus on growth and productivity. Airlines are using data analytics to plan flight operations and predictive maintenance to improve their productivity and efficiency. The introduction of new aircraft and derivatives involves increased risks associated with meeting development, production, and certification schedules. Our ability to deliver aircraft on time, satisfy performance and reliability standards, and achieve or maintain program profitability is subject to significant risks. The development and ongoing production of commercial aircraft is extremely complex, involving extensive coordination and integration with suppliers and highly-skilled labor from employees and other partners. We expect the market to grow by around 3.5% annually, driven by the increasing demand for aftermarket services designed to increase efficiency and extend the economic lives of airplanes. The U.S. government services market is the single largest individual market, comprising over 50 percent of the government services markets served. Our BGS revenues in 2019 increased due to the acquisition of KLX and government services revenue, partially offset by lower commercial services revenue. The favorable impact of cumulative contract catch-up adjustments in 2019 was higher than the comparable period in the prior year. We have substantial borrowing capacity, and any future borrowings may affect our credit ratings and are subject to various debt covenants. We anticipate that these credit lines will primarily serve as backup liquidity to support our general corporate borrowing needs. The technical complexity of our airplane programs creates financial risk as additional completion costs may become necessary or scheduled delivery dates could be extended, which could trigger termination provisions, order cancellations, or other financially significant exposure. We believe our ability to access external capital resources should be sufficient to satisfy existing short-term and long-term commitments and plans, and also to provide adequate financial flexibility to take advantage of potential strategic business opportunities should they arise within the next year.