We enable our customers to develop electronic products. Our products and services are designed to give our customers a competitive edge in their development of electronic devices and systems, SOCs, ICs, and increasingly sophisticated manufactured products. We combine our products and technologies into categories related to major design activities. On January 15, 2020, we completed our acquisition of AWR. On February 6, 2020, we also acquired Integrand Software. These acquisitions enhance our technology portfolio to address growing RF/microwave design activity, driven by expanding use of 5G communications. We have identified certain items that management uses as performance indicators to manage our business, including revenue, certain elements of operating expenses, and cash flow from operations. Increased selling costs include additional investment in technical sales support in response to our customers' increasing technological requirements and continued investment in research and development activities focused on creating and enhancing our products. Revenue by product group fluctuates from period to period based on demand for our products and services and our available resources to deliver and support them. Certain of our licensing arrangements allow customers the ability to remix among software products. Additionally, we have arrangements with customers that include a combination of our products, with the actual product selection and number of licensed users to be determined at a later date. The actual usage of our products by these customers may differ, and if that proves to be the case, the revenue allocation would differ. Cost of product and maintenance includes costs associated with the sale and lease of our emulation and prototyping hardware and licensing of our software and IP products, certain employee salary and benefits, and other employee-related costs. Our operating expenses include marketing and sales, research and development, and general and administrative expenses. Factors that tend to cause our operating expenses to fluctuate include changes in the number of employees due to hiring and acquisitions, foreign exchange rate movements, stock-based compensation, restructuring activities, and the impact of our variable compensation programs that are driven by operating results. We have initiated restructuring plans in recent years to better align our resources with our business strategy. Cash flows from operating activities are significantly influenced by business levels and the payment terms set forth in our customer agreements. We expect to continue our investing activities, including purchasing property, plant and equipment, purchasing intangible assets, business combinations, purchasing software licenses, and making strategic investments. When we acquire businesses, we allocate the purchase price to the acquired tangible assets and assumed liabilities, including deferred revenue, liabilities associated with the fair value of contingent consideration, and acquired identifiable intangible assets. These estimates are inherently uncertain and unpredictable, and if different estimates were used, the purchase price for the acquisition could be allocated to the acquired assets and assumed liabilities differently from the allocation that we have made. We also make significant judgments and estimates when we assign useful lives to the definite-lived intangible assets identified as part of our acquisitions. The allocation of the purchase price requires us to make significant estimates in determining the fair values of these acquired assets and assumed liabilities, especially with respect to intangible assets and goodwill.