We are the second largest cable operator in the United States and a leading broadband communications services company providing video, internet and voice services to approximately 29.2 million residential and small and medium business customers at December 31, 2019. We remain focused on driving customer relationship growth by deploying superior products and services packaged with attractive pricing. We expect our insourced, high quality workforce will continue to drive an improved customer experience which will result in lower customer churn, longer customer lifetimes and improved productivity with fewer customer calls and truck rolls per customer relationship. With the completion of our all-digital conversion, roll-out of DOCSIS 3.1 technology across our footprint, and the integration of TWC and Bright House substantially complete, we have experienced a meaningful reduction in cable capital expenditures as a percent of revenue in 2019 and expect continued lower cable capital intensity in 2020. We launched our mobile product, Spectrum Mobile, in the second half of 2018 under our MVNO reseller agreement with Verizon. Our Spectrum Mobile service is offered to customers subscribing to our internet service and runs on Verizon's mobile network combined with Spectrum WiFi. We believe Spectrum-branded mobile services will drive higher sales of our core products, create longer customer lives and increase profitability and cash flow over time. We continue to explore ways to drive even more mobile traffic to our network. We plan to use our WiFi network in conjunction with additional unlicensed, and potentially licensed, spectrum to improve network performance and expand capacity to offer consumers a superior mobile service at a lower total cost to us. We expect these developments, along with the launch of 5G service offerings in 2020, to contribute to the growth of our mobile business. We cannot be certain that we will be able to grow revenues or maintain our margins at recent historical rates. Our business requires significant cash to fund principal and interest payments on our debt. As we continue to grow our new mobile services, we expect an initial funding period to grow a new product as well as negative working capital impacts from the timing of device-related cash flows when we provide the handset or tablet to customers pursuant to equipment installment plans. We continue to evaluate the deployment of our cash on hand and anticipated future free cash flow including to invest in our business growth and other strategic opportunities, including mergers and acquisitions as well as stock repurchases and dividends. We believe we have sufficient liquidity from cash on hand, free cash flow and Charter Operating's revolving credit facility as well as access to the capital markets to fund our projected cash needs. Our capital expenditures are funded primarily from cash flows from operating activities and borrowings on our credit facility. In addition, our accrued liabilities related to capital expenditures increased $55 million and decreased $470 million for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. We currently expect 2020 cable capital expenditures to decline as a percentage of cable revenue versus 2019. The actual amount of our capital expenditures in 2020 will depend on a number of factors including further spend related to product development and growth rates of both our residential and commercial businesses. We expect programming rates will continue to increase due to a variety of factors, including annual increases imposed by programmers with additional selling power as a result of media consolidation, increased demands by owners of broadcast stations for payment for retransmission consent or linking carriage of other services to retransmission consent, and additional programming, particularly new services. We have been unable to fully pass these increases on to our customers and do not expect to be able to do so in the future without a potential loss of customers.