The results of operations of our reportable business segments are affected by competition, as all of our businesses operate in intensely competitive, consumer-driven and rapidly changing environments and compete with a growing number of companies that provide a broad range of communications products and services, and entertainment, news and information content to consumers. Technological changes are further intensifying and complicating the competitive landscape and challenging existing business models. In particular, consumers are increasingly turning to online sources for viewing and purchasing content, which has and likely will continue to reduce the number of our video customers and subscribers to our cable networks even as it makes high-speed internet services more important to consumers. The increasing number of entertainment choices available to consumers has intensified audience fragmentation and disaggregated the way that content traditionally has been viewed by consumers. This increase has caused and likely will continue to cause audience ratings declines at our programming channels. We believe our customer base will continue to grow as consumers choose our high-speed internet service and seek higher-speed offerings. Revenue increased in 2019 primarily due to an increase in the number of residential high-speed internet customers. The remaining increase in revenue in 2019 was due to an increase in average rates. We offer high-speed internet services with downstream speeds that range up to 1 gigabit per second and fiber-based speeds that range up to 2 gigabits per second. We also deploy wireless gateways to customers that combine an internet and voice modem with a Wi-Fi router to deliver reliable internet speeds and enhanced coverage through an in-and-out-of-home Wi-Fi network. Customers with Xfi-enabled wireless gateways may also personalize and manage their Wi-Fi network remotely, which includes viewing and changing their Wi-Fi password, identifying which devices are connected to their in-home network, setting parental controls and schedules, and advanced security features. We continue to focus on growing our higher-margin businesses, particularly residential high-speed internet and business services, and on improving losses related to our wireless phone service and overall operating cost management. Our service offerings for small business locations primarily include high-speed internet services, as well as voice and video services, that are similar to those provided to residential customers, as well as cloud-based cybersecurity services, wireless backup connectivity, advanced Wi-Fi solutions, video monitoring services, and cloud-based services that provide file sharing, online backup, and web conferencing, among other features. We have expanded our service offerings to include a software-defined networking product for medium-sized and enterprise customers. Larger enterprises may also receive support services related to Wi-Fi networks, router management, network security, business continuity risks, and other services. Our advertising revenue is affected by the strength of the advertising market, general economic conditions, and cyclicality related to political campaigns and issue-oriented advertising. We also provide technology, tools, data-driven services, and marketplace solutions to customers in the media industry, which allow advertisers to more effectively engage with their target audiences. We expect to continue to invest in existing and new attractions at our universal theme parks, including the additional theme park being constructed in Orlando, Florida. Our capital expenditures for 2020 will be focused on the continued investment in scalable infrastructure to increase network capacity in our cable communications segment.