We continue to invest in improving our digital platforms and have significantly upgraded our capabilities by completing the rollout of digital pickup shelves, digitizing almost all of our digital-make lines, and expanding our delivery capabilities to over 98% of our store base. Digital sales from out-of-restaurant orders, including delivery orders, increased 7.1% to 18.0% of revenue for the full year 2019, an increase from 10.9% of revenue for the full year 2018. General and administrative expenses increased in dollar terms in 2019, primarily due to a $9.5 million increase to support our restaurant growth and digitizing our restaurant experience. We expect approximately $140 million in capital expenditures related to investments in existing restaurants, including updated equipment, technology, remodeling and similar improvements, and upgrading our digital make lines and other restaurant equipment. The majority of our purchase obligations relate to amounts owed for produce and other ingredients and supplies, chicken, orders submitted for equipment for restaurants under construction and planned remodels, information technology, and marketing initiatives and corporate sponsorships. We expect to incur about $350 million in total capital expenditures in 2020, with a portion allocated for additional corporate initiatives including rebuilding our mobile app and other projects. Our estimates of future cash flows are highly subjective judgments based on internal projections and knowledge of our operations, historical performance, and trends in sales and restaurant operating costs, and can be significantly impacted by changes in our business or economic conditions. We manage our restaurants as a group with significant common costs and promotional activities; as such, an individual restaurant's cash flows are not generally independent of the cash flows of others in a market. We believe that cash from operations, together with our cash and investment balances, will be sufficient to meet ongoing capital expenditures, working capital requirements and other cash needs for the foreseeable future. Our total capital expenditures for 2019 were $333.9 million, and we spent on average about $1.0 million in development and construction costs per new restaurant. We expect to open between 150 to 165 new restaurants in 2020, with a heavier weighting of openings towards the second half of the year. The increase in average check includes a 2.4% benefit from menu price increases that were implemented at the end of 2018 and a 0.2% benefit from menu price increases implemented at the end of 2019. We do not expect any other material costs to be incurred in connection with the corporate restructuring. The effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2019 was lower than the effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2018, primarily due to net excess benefits from stock-based compensation and a net year over year decrease in tax expense related to equity award expirations. We have not required significant working capital because customers generally pay using cash or credit and debit cards and because our operations do not require significant receivables, nor do they require significant inventories due, in part, to our use of various fresh ingredients. We generally have the right to pay for the purchase of food, beverages and supplies sometime after the receipt of those items, generally within ten days, thereby reducing the need for incremental working capital to support our growth.