As part of our growth strategy, we invest in businesses in certain countries that carry high levels of risks such as China, Brazil, India, Mexico, Russia, and countries in the Middle East and Africa. Our financial performance depends, in large part, on varying conditions in the markets we serve, particularly the on-highway, construction, and general industrial markets. Economic downturns in markets we serve generally result in reduced sales of our products and can result in price reductions in certain products and/or markets. Our operations are also affected by currency, political, economic, and regulatory matters, including adoption and enforcement of environmental and emission standards, in the countries we serve. We continue to serve all our markets as they adopt electrification and alternative power technologies, meeting the needs of our OEM partners and end customers. Research activities continue to focus on the development of new products to meet future emission standards around the world, improvements in fuel economy performance of diesel and natural gas-powered engines, and related components as well as development activities around fully electric, hybrid, and hydrogen powertrain solutions. Our reportable operating segments consist of engine, distribution, components, power systems, and new power segments, organized according to the products and markets each segment serves. The new power segment designs, manufactures, sells, and supports electrified power systems ranging from fully electric to hybrid along with innovative components and subsystems, including battery, fuel cell, and hydrogen production technologies. We believe EBITDA is a useful measure of our operating performance as it assists investors and debt holders in comparing our performance on a consistent basis without regard to financing methods, capital structure, income taxes, or depreciation and amortization methods, which can vary significantly depending upon many factors. The increase in gross margin was mainly due to lower warranty costs, favorable pricing, and lower material costs, partially offset by lower volumes, unfavorable impacts from tariffs, and unfavorable foreign currency impacts. We assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate adequate cash to fund our operating, investing, and financing activities. We continue to generate significant cash from operations and maintain access to our revolving credit facilities and commercial paper programs. Our financial condition and liquidity remain strong. Our solid balance sheet and credit ratings enable us to have ready access to credit and the capital markets. We assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate adequate cash to fund our operating, investing, and financing activities. We believe our operating cash flow and liquidity provide us with the financial flexibility needed to fund working capital, common stock repurchases, acquisitions, capital expenditures, dividend payments, projected pension obligations, debt service obligations, and restructuring actions. We expect to incur $116 million in cash payments in 2020 related to restructuring actions. Our capital expenditures, including spending on internal use software, were $775 million, $784 million, and $587 million in 2019, 2018, and 2017, respectively. We plan to spend an estimated $675 million to $700 million in 2020 on capital expenditures as we continue with product launches and facility improvements. Approximately 50 percent of our capital expenditures are expected to be invested outside of the U.S. in 2020. We also plan to spend an estimated $70 million to $80 million on internal use software in 2020.