Management monitors a variety of key indicators to evaluate our business results and financial condition, focusing on changes from year to year in certain key measures used by management to evaluate performance, such as profitability, growth, and credit quality metrics. Our operations are organized for management reporting purposes into three major business segments, which are defined primarily based on the products and services provided or the types of customers served. The results of our individual businesses reflect the manner in which management evaluates performance and makes decisions about funding our operations and allocating resources. We regularly assess the assumptions, methodologies, and reporting classifications used for segment reporting, which may result in the implementation of refinements or changes in future periods. Our risk management framework sets consistent expectations for risk management across the company, including the identification of new and emerging risks associated with business activities and objectives, informed by major changes in infrastructure or organization, introduction of new products and services, acquisitions of businesses, or substantial changes in the internal or external environment. The framework also establishes expectations for our "three lines of defense" model, which defines the roles, responsibilities, and accountabilities for taking and managing risk across the company. We recognize that operational risk management is critical to delivering high-quality and consistent customer experiences and achieving business objectives in a controlled manner. Our operational risk management program establishes practices for assessing the operational risk profile and executing key control processes for operational risks, including technology risk, data management, and third-party management. We have implemented appropriate operational risk management policies, standards, processes, and controls to enable the delivery of high-quality and consistent customer experiences and to achieve business objectives in a controlled manner. Our technology management practices include investments in technology and other business initiatives, which are critical for enhancing our operational efficiency and supporting our business strategies. We continuously evaluate the regulatory environment and proactively adjust our compliance program to address expectations, including those related to technology and data management. The adoption of the current expected credit loss model will increase our reserves for credit losses and impact our capital ratios, reflecting the importance of aligning our technology capabilities with regulatory requirements. Our ability to leverage IT capabilities effectively supports our business strategies and enhances our operational flexibility, allowing us to respond to market dynamics and competitive pressures. We expect to achieve modest improvements in full-year operating efficiency ratios, net of adjustments, in the coming periods, which will be supported by our ongoing investments in technology and process optimization. The integration of technology into our business processes is essential for maintaining our competitive advantage and ensuring that we can adapt to changing market conditions and consumer demands.