We provide vehicle sellers with a full range of services to process and sell vehicles primarily over the internet through our virtual bidding third generation internet auction-style sales technology, which we refer to as vb3. We monitor and analyze a number of key financial performance indicators in order to manage our business and evaluate our financial and operating performance. Our revenue is impacted by several factors, including total loss frequency and the average vehicle auction selling price, as a significant amount of our service revenue is associated in some manner with the ultimate selling price of the vehicle. The increase in service revenues for fiscal 2019 of $177.2 million, or 11.2% as compared to fiscal 2018 came from an increase in the U.S. of $152.2 million and an increase in international of $25.0 million. The increase in volume in the U.S. was derived from growth in the number of units sold from new and expanded contracts with insurance companies and growth from existing suppliers, driven by what we believe was an increase in total loss frequency. We believe that our currently available cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to satisfy our operating and working capital requirements for at least the next 12 months. We expect to acquire or develop additional locations and expand some of our current facilities in the foreseeable future. Our capital expenditures are primarily related to lease buyouts of certain facilities, opening and improving facilities, software development, and acquiring yard equipment. We continue to expand and invest in new and existing facilities and standardize the appearance of existing locations. Included in capital expenditures were capitalized software development costs for new software for internal use and major software enhancements to existing software. We capitalize system development costs and website development costs related to our enterprise computing services during the application development stage. Internal-use software is amortized on a straight-line basis over its estimated useful life, generally three to seven years. Management evaluates the useful lives of these assets on an annual basis and tests for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances occur that impact the recoverability of these assets. The adoption of ASU 2014-09, revenue from contracts with customers, requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. We assess these costs for impairment at least quarterly and as "triggering" events occur that indicate it is more likely than not that an impairment exists. We recognize and measure uncertain tax positions in accordance with ASC 740, income taxes, pursuant to which we only recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. We evaluate the impairment of goodwill for our reporting units annually or on an interim basis if certain indicators are present, either through a quantitative or qualitative analysis. The annual goodwill impairment analysis considered all relevant factors specific to our reporting units, including macroeconomic conditions; industry and market considerations; overall financial performance and relevant entity-specific events. We believe that we contribute to economic development and well-being by enabling more affordable access to mobility around the world. Our business has reduced the carbon and other environmental footprint of the global transportation industry.