We are a global leader in customer relationship management ("CRM") technology that brings companies and customers together. Our core mission is to enable our customers of every size and industry to connect with their customers in new ways through existing and emerging technologies, including cloud, mobile, social, blockchain, voice, and artificial intelligence ("AI"), to transform their businesses. Our customer 360 platform unites sales, service, marketing, commerce, analytics, and more to give our customers a single source of information about their customers. We continue to invest for future growth through focusing on multi-cloud adoption by our existing customers, growing our relationships with our enterprise customers, expanding internationally, and expanding and strengthening our ecosystem of partners and independent software vendors ("ISVs"). We regularly evaluate acquisitions or investment opportunities in complementary businesses, joint ventures, services, and technologies and intellectual property rights in an effort to expand our service offerings through a disciplined and thoughtful acquisition process. We expect to continue to make such investments and acquisitions in the future and plan to reinvest a significant portion of our incremental revenue in future periods to grow our business and continue our leadership role in the cloud computing industry. As part of our business and growth strategy, we are delivering innovative solutions in new categories, including analytics and integration. We drive innovation organically and to a lesser extent through acquisitions, such as our recent business combination with salesforce.org in June 2019 and acquisitions of Tableau in August 2019 and ClickSoftware in October 2019. We have increased our headcount by 30 percent since fiscal 2019 to meet the higher demand for services from our customers, and our recent acquisitions also contributed to this increase. We expect that research and development expenses will increase in absolute dollars and may increase as a percentage of revenues in future periods as we continue to invest in additional employees and technology to support the development of new, and improve existing, technologies and the integration of acquired technologies. Our marketing and sales headcount increased by 36 percent since fiscal 2019, primarily attributable to hiring additional sales personnel to focus on adding new customers and increasing penetration within our existing customer base. We continue to invest in a variety of customer programs and initiatives which, along with increasing enterprise adoption, have helped keep our attrition rate consistent as compared to the prior year. Consistent attrition rates play a role in our ability to maintain growth in our subscription and support revenues. The increase in professional services and other revenues was due primarily to the higher demand for services from an increased number of customers. We believe that this investment in professional services facilitates the adoption of our service offerings. We also plan to add employees in our professional services group to facilitate the adoption of our services. We expect capital expenditures to be higher in absolute dollars and remain consistent as a percentage of total revenues in future periods as a result of such investments and continued office build-outs, other leasehold improvements, and data center investments. We are committed to creating a sustainable, low-carbon future. Salesforce delivers all customers a carbon-neutral cloud and we are committed to achieving 100 percent renewable energy for our global operations by the end of fiscal 2022. We have made and will continue to make substantial investments in our cybersecurity programs. We provide an overview of our program, training, best practices for our customers, and information on system status, security issues, and compliance certificates on our website. We believe that improvements in data security are critical to realizing the potential of technology and greater connectivity to improve lives around the world and that effective cybersecurity requires an ecosystem-wide approach.