The company is committed to continuous improvement in safety and service performance through training, innovation, and investment. Investment in training and technology also is designed to allow the company's employees to have an additional layer of protection that can detect and avoid many types of human factor incidents. Continued capital investment in the company's assets, including track, bridges, signals, equipment, and detection technology also supports safety performance. The operational plan remains focused on delivering further service gains, improving transit times, and driving asset utilization while controlling costs. CSX is continually evaluating market and regulatory conditions that could affect the company's ability to generate sufficient returns on capital investments. The company seeks to give itself flexibility with respect to cash requirements, which includes investments in infrastructure, dividend payments, and share repurchases. The company intends to fund capital investments through cash generated from operations. The company expects to continue incurring capital costs in connection with the implementation of positive train control (PTC). CSX estimates that the total multi-year cost of PTC implementation will be approximately $2.4 billion. This estimate includes costs for installing the new system along tracks, upgrading locomotives, adding communication equipment, and developing new technologies. The company has access to a $1.2 billion five-year unsecured revolving credit facility backed by a diverse syndicate of banks that expires in March 2024. The company also has a commercial paper program, backed by the revolving credit facility, under which the company may issue unsecured commercial paper notes up to a maximum aggregate principal amount of $1.0 billion outstanding at any one time. The company uses current cash balances for general corporate purposes, which may include working capital requirements, repayment of additional indebtedness, capital investments, and improvements in productivity. The company is committed to maintaining and improving its existing infrastructure and to positioning itself for long-term, profitable growth through optimizing network and terminal capacity. The company has multiple sources of liquidity, including cash generated from operations and financing sources. The company continues to maintain adequate current assets to satisfy current liabilities and maturing obligations when they come due. The company's working capital balance varies due to factors such as the timing of scheduled debt payments and changes in cash and cash equivalent balances. The company from time to time accesses the credit markets for additional liquidity. The company is involved in litigation incidental to its business and is a party to a number of legal actions and claims, various governmental proceedings, and private civil lawsuits. The company evaluates all exposures relating to legal liabilities at least quarterly and adjusts reserves when appropriate. The company is committed to returning cash to shareholders and maintaining an investment-grade credit profile. The company has sufficient financial capacity, including its revolving credit facility, commercial paper program, and shelf registration statement to manage its day-to-day cash requirements and any anticipated obligations. The company’s credit ratings reflect an independent agency's judgment on the likelihood that a borrower will repay a debt obligation at maturity. The ratings reflect many considerations, such as the nature of the borrower's industry and its competitive position, the size of the company, its liquidity and access to capital, and the sensitivity of a company's cash flows to changes in the economy. The company’s success in implementing its strategic, financial, and operational initiatives is critical for achieving its goals.