The company provided administrative services to, and retained the financial results of, the divested plans through 2019. The health care benefits segment has the information and resources to help members, in consultation with their health care professionals, make more informed decisions about their health care. The company believes its innovative health care model increases access to quality care, delivers better health outcomes and lowers overall health care costs. The company has approximately 9,900 retail locations, approximately 1,100 walk-in medical clinics, and a leading pharmacy benefits manager with approximately 105 million plan members. The company is on track to achieve its 2020 target of $800-900 million of synergies from the Aetna acquisition. The company expects changes to its business environment to continue for the next several years as elected and other government officials at the national and state levels continue to propose and enact significant modifications to public policy and existing laws and regulations that govern the company's businesses. The pharmacy services segment provides a full range of pharmacy benefit management solutions, including plan design offerings and administration, formulary management, retail pharmacy network management services, mail order pharmacy, specialty pharmacy and infusion services, clinical services, disease management services, and medical spend management. The health care benefits segment offers a broad range of traditional, voluntary, and consumer-directed health insurance products and related services, including medical, pharmacy, dental, and behavioral health plans, medical management capabilities, Medicare Advantage and Medicare supplement plans, PDPs, Medicaid health care management services, workers' compensation administrative services, and health information technology products and services. The company has made investments in its transformation and enterprise modernization programs, which are reflected in the corporate/other segment. The company continuously assesses its regulatory capital requirements, working capital needs, debt and leverage levels, debt maturity schedule, capital expenditure requirements, dividend payouts, potential share repurchases, and future investments or acquisitions. The company believes that its operating cash flows, commercial paper program, credit facilities, sale-leaseback program, as well as any potential future borrowings, will be sufficient to fund these future payments and long-term initiatives. The company utilizes its incremental borrowing rate to discount lease payments. The company evaluates the recoverability of long-lived assets, excluding goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of such an asset may not be recoverable. The company has established accruals for uncertain tax positions using its judgment and adjusts these accruals, as warranted, due to changing facts and circumstances. The company believes that its estimates are reasonable and are based on the best available information at the time the provision is prepared. The company recorded interest income on the proceeds from the financing for the Aetna acquisition, which was reflected in the corporate/other segment. The company has established the following revenue recognition policies for the pharmacy services segment, which include recognizing revenue when control of the prescription drugs is transferred to customers. The company has established its estimates of health care costs payable using actuarial principles and assumptions that consider numerous factors. The company believes that its investments in technology and operational capabilities will enhance its ability to respond to market dynamics and improve overall performance.