The primary expenses required to operate our business include funding costs, loan loss provisions, customer rewards, and expenses incurred to grow, manage, and service our loan receivables and networks. Total expenses are expected to increase reflecting continued investment in brand awareness and technological capabilities. The increase in professional fees was primarily driven by higher collection fees resulting from increased recoveries, as well as investments in technological capabilities. Information processing and communications was higher due to continued investment in infrastructure and analytic capabilities. We continue to focus on disciplined capital deployment through profitable organic loan growth and execution of our capital plan. Our marketing strategy is focused on adding new accounts to achieve continued loan growth. We monitor competitor pricing and technology development strategies in order to assess their impact on our business and on competition in the marketplace. The changing debit card environment, including competitor actions related to merchant and acquirer pricing and transaction routing strategies, has adversely affected our pulse network's business practices, network transaction volume, revenue, and prospects for future growth. Our business activities are funded primarily through consumer deposits, securitization of loan receivables, and the issuance of unsecured debt. We seek to maintain stable, diversified, and cost-effective funding sources and a strong liquidity profile in order to fund our business and repay or refinance our maturing obligations under both normal operating conditions and periods of economic or financial stress. In managing our liquidity risk, we seek to maintain a prudent liability maturity profile and ready access to an ample store of primary and contingent liquidity sources. We conduct liquidity stress tests regularly and ensure contingency funding is in place to address potential liquidity shortfalls. The primary uses of funds include the extensions of loans and credit, primarily through Discover Bank, the purchase of investment securities for our liquidity portfolio, working capital, and debt and capital service. We seek to manage capital to a level and composition sufficient to support the growth and risks of our businesses and to meet regulatory requirements, rating agency targets, and debt investor expectations. The level, composition, and utilization of capital are influenced by changes in the economic environment, strategic initiatives, and legislative and regulatory developments. We recognize goodwill when the purchase price of an acquired business exceeds the total of the fair values of the acquired net assets. The valuation methodologies we use involve assumptions about business performance, revenue and expense growth, capital expenditures, discount rates, and other assumptions that are judgmental in nature. Our liquidity portfolio is comprised of highly liquid, unencumbered assets, including cash and cash equivalents and investment securities. We maintain a liquidity risk and funding management policy, which outlines the overall framework and general principles we follow in managing liquidity risk across our business. The policy is approved by the board of directors with implementation responsibilities delegated to the asset and liability management committee. We employ a variety of metrics to monitor and manage liquidity. We utilize early warning indicators to detect the initial phases of liquidity stress events and a reporting and escalation process that is designed to be consistent with regulatory guidance. The ewis include both idiosyncratic and systemic measures, and are monitored on a daily basis and reported to the alco regularly.