We believe our business is well positioned with a broad geographic footprint, affordable product offerings, a balanced supply of finished lots, land and homes, a strong balance sheet and liquidity position, and experienced personnel across our operating markets. Our operating strategy focuses on enhancing long-term value to our shareholders by leveraging our financial and competitive position in our core homebuilding business to increase the returns on our inventory investments and generate strong profitability and cash flows, while managing risk and maintaining financial flexibility to make opportunistic strategic investments. This strategy includes maintaining a strong cash balance and overall liquidity position and controlling our level of debt. We continually evaluate our land and lot supply, and fluctuations in revenues and profitability from land sales occur based on how we manage our inventory levels in various markets. We manage our inventory of owned land and lots and homes under construction relative to demand in each of our markets, including starting construction on unsold homes to capture new home demand and actively controlling the number of unsold, completed homes in inventory. Our financial services business provides high-quality mortgage and title services to homebuyers efficiently and effectively. We expect that housing market conditions will vary across our markets. If the U.S. economy continues to grow, we expect to see solid housing demand, concentrated in markets where job growth is occurring and new home prices remain affordable relative to household incomes. We believe our operating strategy, which has produced positive results in recent years, will allow us to maintain and improve our financial and competitive position and balance sheet strength. Our future sales volumes will depend on new home demand in each of our operating markets and our ability to successfully implement our operating strategies. We believe our business is well positioned to continue to generate increased sales volume; however, our future sales volumes will depend on new home demand in each of our operating markets and our ability to successfully implement our operating strategies. We routinely enter into contracts to purchase land or developed residential lots at predetermined prices on a defined schedule commensurate with planned development or anticipated new home demand. We manage our inventory of owned land and lots and homes under construction relative to demand in each of our markets, including starting construction on unsold homes to capture new home demand and actively controlling the number of unsold, completed homes in inventory. Our mortgage operations revenues were reduced by $0.8 million and $1.3 million in fiscal 2019 and 2018, respectively, to increase our loss reserves for estimated future recourse obligations and other mortgage loans, and to adjust certain mortgage loans held for sale to fair value. Our financial services operations, comprising DHI Mortgage and our subsidiary title companies, are directly related to the number of homes closed by our homebuilding operations. The volume of loans originated by our mortgage operations is directly related to the number of homes closed by our homebuilding operations. Our ability to effect our growth strategies, acquisitions, or investments successfully is crucial for maintaining competitive advantage. We believe that our existing cash resources, revolving credit facilities, mortgage repurchase facility, and ability to access the capital markets will provide sufficient liquidity to fund our near-term working capital needs and debt obligations. We expect to fund our contractual obligations in the ordinary course of business through a combination of our existing cash resources, cash flows generated from