Our primary business objectives are to maximize sustainable long-term growth in earnings and funds from operations per share and unit, cash flow and returns to our stockholders and our operating partnership's unitholders through the payment of distributions and return on invested capital. We expect to accomplish our objectives by achieving superior risk-adjusted returns, prudently allocating capital, diversifying our product offerings, accelerating our global reach and scale, and driving revenue growth and operating efficiencies. We plan to focus on our core business of investing in and developing and operating data centers, targeting high-quality, strategically located properties containing the physical and connectivity infrastructure that supports the applications and operations of data center and technology industry customers. Our data center properties contain fully redundant electrical supply systems, multiple power feeds, above-standard cooling systems, raised floor areas, extensive in-building communications cabling, and high-level security systems. We believe that the growth in data center demand and the technology-related real estate industry will continue to outpace the overall economy. Our ability to grow earnings depends in part on our ability to develop space and lease development space at favorable rates, which we may not be able to obtain. Our development activities make us particularly susceptible to general economic slowdowns, including recessions and adverse developments in the corporate data center, internet, and data communications and broader technology industries. Any such slowdown could lead to reduced corporate IT spending or reduced demand for data center space. Changes in industry practice or technology, such as virtualization technology or more efficient computing devices, could also reduce demand for the physical data center space we provide. We have developed detailed, standardized procedures for evaluating new real estate investments to ensure that they meet our financial, technical, and other criteria. Our expertise in data center construction and operations enables us to lease space to customers at a premium over other uses. Our ability to maintain or improve occupancy rates of currently leased space and to lease currently available space is influenced by several factors, including supply and demand and market rates for data center space. We continue to see strong demand in most of our key metropolitan areas for data center space. Our past performance may not be indicative of future results, and we cannot assure you that leases will be renewed or that our data centers will be re-leased at rental rates equal to or above the current average rental rates. Our ability to re-lease or renew expiring space at rental rates equal to or in excess of current rental rates will impact our results of operations. We are committed to maintaining a conservative capital structure, targeting a debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio at or less than 5.5x, fixed charge coverage of greater than three times, and floating rate debt at less than 20% of total outstanding debt. Our portfolio consists primarily of data centers, and a decrease in demand for, or increase in supply of, data center space would have a greater adverse effect on our business and financial condition than if we owned a more diversified customer base. We believe that demand in key metropolitan areas is largely in line with supply and continue to see strong demand across our portfolio.