We achieved improved sales and strong earnings growth in 2019 as we drove new product introductions, new business wins, and improved operating efficiency in a generally steady market environment. Along with higher other income and lower interest expense, adjusted diluted earnings per share leveraged the good operating income growth and delivered the year's double-digit adjusted diluted EPS growth. We remain committed to maintaining "A" range ratings metrics, supported by our current credit ratings. Our strong balance sheet has allowed us continued access to capital at attractive rates. We continue to generate strong cash flow from operations, allowing us to fund our ongoing operations, acquisitions, investments in our business, debt repayments, pension obligations, and return cash to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividend payments. Our restructuring activities are associated with plans to enhance our efficiency, effectiveness, and sharpen the competitiveness of our businesses. These restructuring plans include net costs associated with significant actions involving employee-related severance charges, contract termination costs, and asset write-downs and disposals. During the third quarter of 2018, we formally commenced a restructuring plan to leverage technology and system investments and organizational changes. We expect that the restructuring activities will be completed by the end of 2020, with total anticipated costs of $260 million. The plan has delivered $125 million of cumulative cost savings with estimated annual cost savings of $325 million by 2021. Our acquisitions and divestitures are discussed further, and we continue to target strategic business acquisitions which complement our growth strategy and expect to continue to make capital investments and acquisitions in the future to support our long-term growth. Our investments in the business negatively impacted margins by approximately 1.1 percentage points during 2019. We have a broad customer base, and our retention rate of significant customers has aligned with our acquisition assumptions. Our historical retention rate supports our expectation of consistent sales generation for the foreseeable future from the acquired customer base. We assess the need to test our reporting units for impairment during interim periods when significant events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the reporting unit may not be recoverable. Our goodwill impairment assessment indicated the estimated fair value of each of our reporting units exceeded the unit's carrying amount by a significant margin. We have recorded restructuring charges related to the plan, which have been included as a component of cost of sales and special (gains) and charges on the consolidated statement of income. We recorded $241.2 million of cumulative restructuring charges under the plan. Our cash flow from operating activities was $2.4 billion in 2019 compared to $2.3 billion in 2018. We continue to expect our operating cash flow to remain strong. We have established various joint ventures to help us meet local ownership requirements, achieve quicker operational scale, and expand our ability to provide customers a more fully integrated offering. Our use of derivatives is subject to internal policies that provide guidelines for control, counterparty risk, and ongoing monitoring and reporting, and is designed to reduce the volatility associated with movements in foreign exchange and interest rates on our income statement and cash flows. We believe our tax returns properly reflect the tax consequences of our operations, and our reserves for tax contingencies are appropriate and sufficient for the positions taken. We have adopted various accounting policies to prepare the consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our significant accounting policies are disclosed in the notes. We have experienced no significant changes in the carrying value or estimated remaining useful lives of our long-lived or amortizable intangible assets.