We manage our operations through three reportable segments: commercial & specialty business, government business, and other. Our strategy has been, and will continue to be, to only participate in rating regions where we have an appropriate level of confidence that these markets are on a path toward sustainability, including, but not limited to, factors such as expected financial performance, regulatory environment, and underlying market characteristics. We expect ingeniorx to provide our members with more cost-effective solutions and improve our ability to integrate pharmacy benefits within our medical and specialty platform. The increase in operating gain was primarily driven by the benefits realized in pharmacy cost as a result of the launch of ingeniorx in 2019 and greater penetration of value-added services and integrated health offerings. Our results of operations depend in large part on our ability to accurately predict and effectively manage healthcare costs through effective contracting with providers of care to our members and our medical management and health and wellness programs. We strive to price our healthcare benefit products consistent with anticipated underlying medical trends. We work to mitigate these trends through various medical management programs such as utilization management, condition management, program integrity, and specialty pharmacy management, as well as benefit design changes. Our operating revenue consists of premiums and administrative fees and other revenue. The increase in operating revenue was primarily from higher premiums, and, to a lesser extent, increased administrative fees and other revenue. The increase in administrative fees and other revenue was primarily driven by ingeniorx, our pharmacy benefits manager, which began its operations during the second quarter of 2019. Our benefit expense primarily includes costs of care for health services consumed by our fully-insured members, such as outpatient care, inpatient hospital care, professional services, and pharmacy benefit costs. We classify certain claims-related costs as benefit expense to reflect costs incurred for our members' traditional medical care, as well as those expenses which improve our members' health and medical outcomes. We believe geographic and product diversity reduces our exposure to local or regional regulatory, economic, and competitive pressures and provides us with increased opportunities for growth. Our growth strategy is designed to enable us to take advantage of additional economies of scale, as well as providing us access to new and evolving technologies and products. We have a strong financial condition and liquidity position, with consolidated cash, cash equivalents, and investments in fixed maturity and equity securities. We maintain a strong focus on operational efficiency and organizational effectiveness, which are critical to our ability to deliver value to our members and stakeholders. We continually evaluate the accounting policies and estimates used to prepare the consolidated financial statements. Our investment strategy is to make investments consistent with insurance statutes and other regulatory requirements while preserving our asset base. Our ability to borrow under credit facilities is subject to compliance with certain covenants. We have a shelf registration statement on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission to register an unlimited amount of any combination of debt or equity securities in one or more offerings. Our regulated subsidiaries' states of domicile have statutory risk-based capital requirements for health and other insurance companies, which are intended to measure capital adequacy, taking into account the risk characteristics of an insurer's investments and products.