The increase in all other operating and administrative expenses in 2019 when compared to 2018 was primarily due to higher IT spending. The increase in 2018 when compared to 2017 was also due to higher IT spending. Our net capital expenditures increased in 2019, when compared to 2018, primarily due to increased spending on hub property and equipment, both to expand current capacity and for potential future expansion, higher spending on vending devices to support the growth of our industrial vending program, and investment in our trucking assets, which includes spending on software and hardware for our information processing systems. We believe this provides us a competitive advantage in terms of our ability to move product efficiently and quickly. Our focus centers on understanding our customers' day, their opportunities, and their obstacles, which is supported by our IT capabilities. We strive to generate strong profits, which produce the cash flow necessary to fund our growth and to support the needs of our customers, emphasizing the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. The contribution of new national account contracts and strong penetration of existing national account customers resulted in daily sales from our national account customers growing significantly, indicating the effectiveness of our IT resources in enhancing customer relationships and operational efficiency. The operational working capital assets reflect our growth in sales, which is being driven disproportionately by our national accounts program where our customers tend to have longer payment terms, further highlighting the role of IT in managing customer relationships and financial activities. Our growth drivers, including industrial vending solutions, national accounts, and onsite and international locations, have also required significant investments in inventory, which is supported by our IT systems. The increase in our number of active sites was primarily responsible for sales growth through our onsites, demonstrating the importance of IT capabilities in facilitating operational flexibility and market responsiveness. We also experienced sales growth in the mid-teens through both our vending devices and our onsite locations, which reflects the strategic alignment of our IT investments with our business strategies. The operational efficiency provided by our IT infrastructure is critical in managing our supply chain and enhancing our overall business performance. We believe the markets are efficient, and our ability to grow is amplified if we can serve our customers at the closest economic point of contact, which is facilitated by our IT capabilities. Our IT governance practices ensure that we effectively support business needs and leverage our technology functionalities to enhance our competitive advantage in the marketplace. The strategic resource allocation towards IT investments underscores our commitment to transforming our firm into a competitive force, enabling us to respond to market dynamics and consumer demands effectively.