During 2019, we advanced initiatives in our North America and South America mining operations to enhance productivity, expand margins, and reduce the capital intensity of the business through the utilization of new technology applications in combination with a more interactive operating structure. The pilot program initiated at the Bagdad mine in northwest Arizona in late 2018 was successful in utilizing data science, machine learning, and integrated functional teams to address bottlenecks, provide cost benefits, and drive improved overall performance. The program is being implemented across our North America and South America operations. A series of action items have been identified, prioritized, and are being implemented. Based on the opportunities identified to date, we have incorporated higher mining and milling rates in our future plans, resulting in estimated incremental production of approximately 100 million pounds of copper in 2021 and approximately 200 million pounds in 2022. Capital expenditures associated with these initiatives are expected to be attractive in relation to developing new copper supply. We currently estimate capital costs of these initiatives, principally for mining equipment and ongoing development of data science and machine learning programs, will approximate $200 million, most of which will be incurred in 2020. Our financial results vary as a result of fluctuations in market prices primarily for copper, gold, and molybdenum, as well as other factors. We believe that we have a high-quality portfolio of long-lived copper assets positioned to generate long-term value. We are also pursuing other opportunities to enhance our mines' net present values, and we continue to advance studies for future development of our copper resources, the timing of which will be dependent on market conditions. We have significant mineral reserves, resources, and future development opportunities within our portfolio of mining assets. Our estimated consolidated recoverable proven and probable mineral reserves totaled 116.0 billion pounds of copper, 29.6 million ounces of gold, and 3.58 billion pounds of molybdenum. The impact of price changes during 2020 on operating cash flows would approximate $350 million for each $0.10 per pound change in the average price of copper, $35 million for each $50 per ounce change in the average price of gold, and $125 million for each $2 per pound change in the average price of molybdenum. We expect capital expenditures for the development of the new smelter in Indonesia to approximate $0.5 billion in 2020, of which approximately 49 percent will be attributable to our equity interest. Our operations are in multiple jurisdictions where uncertainties arise in the application of complex tax regulations. We have cash on hand and the financial flexibility to fund these expenditures and will continue to be disciplined in deploying capital. Our projected capital expenditures for 2020 are approximately $0.4 billion higher than projected operating cash flows. We expect estimated consolidated operating cash flows in 2020, plus available cash and availability under our credit facility, to be sufficient to fund our budgeted capital expenditures, cash dividends, noncontrolling interest distributions, and other cash requirements for the year. We continue to evaluate a large-scale expansion at El Abra to process additional sulfide material and to achieve higher recoveries. Ongoing productivity and innovation initiatives are targeting the opportunity to increase production to 420,000 metric tons of ore per day in 2021.