During fiscal 2019, we continued to transform our business from on-premises to recurring revenue associated with our cloud-based solutions in our applications and decision management software segments. Our continued product innovation provides growth opportunities with customers that can benefit from the affordability and simplicity of these solutions. We derive a significant portion of revenues internationally, and a significant portion of our revenues are derived from the sale of products and services within the banking industry. We calculate transactional bookings as the total estimated volume of transactions or number of accounts under contract, multiplied by the contractual rate. Revenue fluctuations in our business are primarily driven by changes in the transactional volume and license fees. Our management regards the volume of bookings achieved as an important indicator of future revenues. We believe bookings amount is still a meaningful measure of our business as it includes estimated revenues omitted from note 16, such as sales- or usage-based royalties derived from our software licenses. The increase in personnel and labor costs was primarily attributable to an increase in headcount, driven by our continued investment in the areas of cloud computing and SaaS, as well as new products. The increase in facilities and infrastructure costs was primarily attributable to increased resource requirements due to expansion in our cloud infrastructure operations. Our revenue is primarily derived from term-based or perpetual licensing of software and scoring products and solutions, and associated maintenance; SaaS subscription services; scoring and credit monitoring services for consumers; and professional services. We estimate the total variable consideration at contract inception and update the estimates as new information becomes available. We recognize revenue when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to our customers. Our contracts with customers often include promises to transfer multiple products and services, requiring significant judgment to determine whether products and services are considered distinct. We assess goodwill for impairment for each of our reporting units on an annual basis, using a qualitative assessment and, if necessary, a quantitative analysis. We are subject to various proceedings, lawsuits, and claims relating to technology, which require us to assess the likelihood of any adverse outcomes and the potential range of probable losses. We evaluate the merits of acquiring technology or businesses, or establishing strategic relationships with or investing in these businesses. Our ability to take advantage of unanticipated opportunities or respond to competitive pressures could be limited if adequate funds were not available or were not available on acceptable terms. The fiscal 2019 over 2018 increase in research and development expenses was primarily attributable to a $15.6 million increase in personnel and labor costs as a result of increased headcount. We believe these balances, as well as available borrowings from our revolving line of credit and anticipated cash flows from operating activities, will be sufficient to fund our working and other capital requirements. Our technology infrastructure supports our business processes and is integral to our operational efficiency and effectiveness. We capitalize incremental commission fees paid as a result of obtaining customer contracts, and these costs are recorded within selling, general, and administrative expenses. We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our financial condition. The adoption of ASU 2014-09 primarily affected the timing of revenue recognition of license revenue on term licenses and transactional revenue on guaranteed minimum fees related to our on-premises software products. We expect the adoption of new accounting standards will result in recognition of right-of-use assets and corresponding lease liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets, which will increase our total assets and total liabilities upon adoption.