Our revenue is primarily derived from a combination of technology and processing services, payment transaction fees, professional services, and software license fees. We continue to assist financial institutions in migrating to outsourced integrated technology solutions to improve their profitability and address increasing and ongoing regulatory requirements. Over the last four years, we have moved approximately 60% of our server compute to our fis cloud located in our strategic data centers, with a goal to increase that percentage to 73% by the end of 2020 and approximately 80% by the end of 2021. This allows us to further enhance security for our clients' data and increases the flexibility and speed with which we can provide services and solutions to our clients, eventually at lesser cost. We continue to invest in modernization, innovation, and integrated solutions and services in order to meet the demands of the markets we serve and compete with global banks, financial and other technology providers, and emerging technology innovators. Our internal efforts in research and development activities have related primarily to the modernization of our proprietary core systems in each of our segments, design and development of next-generation digital and innovative solutions, and development of processing systems and related software applications and risk management platforms. We have increased our investments in these areas in each of the last three years. Our innovation efforts have recently resulted in bringing to market our modern banking platform that is among the first cloud-native core banking solutions. We expect to continue our practice of investing an appropriate level of resources to maintain, enhance, and extend the functionality of our proprietary systems and existing software applications, to develop new and innovative software applications and systems to address emerging technology trends in response to the needs of our clients and to enhance the capabilities of our outsourcing infrastructure. Consumer preference continues to shift from traditional branch banking services to digital banking solutions, and our clients seek to provide a single integrated banking experience through their branch, mobile, internet, and voice banking channels. We anticipate consolidation within the banking industry will continue, primarily in the form of merger and acquisition activity among financial institutions. We seek to mitigate the risks of consolidations by offering other competitive services to take advantage of specific opportunities at the surviving company. We believe that payment processors will seek to develop additional capabilities in order to serve clients' evolving needs. We believe that these market changes present both an opportunity and a risk for us, and we cannot predict which emerging technologies or solutions will be successful. However, we believe that payment processors, like us, that have scalable, integrated business models, provide solutions across the payment processing value chain and utilize broad distribution capabilities will be best positioned to enable emerging alternative electronic payment technologies. We remain focused on making strategic investments in information security to protect our clients and our information systems, which includes both capital expenditures and operating expenses on hardware, software, personnel, and consulting services. We have developed fraud, security, risk management, and compliance solutions to target this growth opportunity in the financial services industry. The worldpay acquisition significantly increased our revenue as well as our amortization expense for acquired intangibles and our acquisition, integration, and other costs. We have a history of successfully integrating the operations and technology platforms of acquired companies, including winding down legacy environments and consolidating platforms from other acquisitions into our environment.