Fortinet is a global leader in cybersecurity solutions provided to a wide variety of organizations, including enterprises, communication service providers, government organizations, and small businesses. Our cybersecurity solutions are designed to provide broad visibility and segmentation of the digital attack surface through our integrated Fortinet Security Fabric platform, which features automated protection, detection, and response. We enhance the performance of our network security appliances from branch to data center by designing and implementing SPU technology within our appliances, enabling us to add security and network functionality with minimal impact to network throughput performance. We help customers connect securely to and across their hybrid, public, and private cloud environments by offering security through our virtual firewall and other software products in public and private cloud environments. Our cloud security solutions extend the core capabilities of the Fortinet Security Fabric platform to provide businesses with the same level of cybersecurity and threat intelligence in and across cloud environments that they receive on their physical networks. We protect end-customers from advanced threats that target their devices and the data that reside on them through our advanced endpoint solutions that provide core endpoint protection, advanced threat protection, incident monitoring, and response. The proliferation of IoT and the digitization of OT devices has generated new opportunities for us to grow our business. We offer network access control solutions that provide visibility, control, and automated event responses to secure IoT devices. We also develop and provide AI-driven security operations solutions, including FortiGuard security services that can be applied across the entire Fortinet Security Fabric platform. These solutions help customers better secure their environments by delivering deeper intelligence and insights and by narrowing the gaps in security skills and resources that are present in many organizations. Our revenue growth was driven by both product and service revenue, with product revenue growing 17% and service revenue growth of 21% in 2019. We expect to continue to make investments in our sales resources and infrastructure and marketing strategy, which are critical to support growth. Our operating activities during 2019 provided $808.0 million in cash as a result of the continued growth of our business and our ability to successfully manage our working capital. Changes in operating assets and liabilities primarily resulted from an increase in sales of our FortiGuard security subscription and FortiCare technical support services to new and existing customers, as reflected by an increase in our deferred revenue. Our total deferred revenue balance grew $449.1 million, or 27%, during 2019. We monitor our deferred revenue balance, deferred revenue growth, and the mix of short-term and long-term deferred revenue because deferred revenue represents a significant portion of free cash flow and of revenue to be recognized in future periods. Our research and development teams are primarily focused on both software development and the ongoing development of our hardware platform. We intend to hire additional personnel focused on sales and marketing and expand our sales and marketing efforts worldwide in order to capture market share in the enterprise market. We expect personnel costs to continue to increase in absolute dollars as we expand our workforce. We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for at least the next 12 months. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our growth rate, the timing and amount of our share repurchases, the timing and extent of spending to support development efforts, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, and the introduction of new and enhanced products and services offerings.