The information technology segment's backlog consists of thousands of contracts and task orders, and approximately 15-20% of its portfolio is recompeted each year. The segment's total backlog was $9.1 billion at the end of 2019, up 14.7% from $8 billion at year-end 2018. This amount does not include $19 billion of estimated potential contract value associated with its anticipated share of indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity contracts and unexercised options on December 31, 2019, an increase of 11.4% from year-end 2018. Funding from indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity contracts and exercised options added $5.7 billion to the segment's backlog in 2019, approximately 60% of the segment's orders. The segment received $1 billion from the U.S. Department of State to provide global security engineering and supply chain management services. The program has a maximum potential contract value of over $2 billion. Additionally, $330 was allocated to provide operations and maintenance support services for a Department of Homeland Security data center. The information technology segment's revenue increased due to the CSRA acquisition in the second quarter of 2018, offset partially by the sale of a public-facing contact-center business in the information technology segment in the fourth quarter of 2018. The segment's total backlog reflects the strategic resource allocation and operational flexibility necessary to adapt to changing market dynamics and demands. The ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources effectively supports business needs and enhances competitive positioning. The information technology reporting unit's estimated fair value exceeded its carrying value by approximately 25%, reflecting the size of the CSRA acquisition relative to the information technology reporting unit and its recent acquisition date. The reporting unit's carrying value continues to closely approximate its fair value as of December 31, 2019. Given that the net book value of this business was recorded at its fair value at the acquisition date in 2018, a material change in the fair value or carrying value could put the reporting unit at risk of goodwill impairment. The segment's performance is influenced by the ability to leverage technology capabilities and enhance operational efficiency through strategic management practices. The focus on cash flow generation provides flexibility for capital deployment while preserving a strong balance sheet to position the firm for future opportunities. The emphasis on information management capability ensures the provision of data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access, tailored in response to changing business needs and directions. The integration of IT capabilities into the firm's operations underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with other strategic resources to achieve organizational goals and enhance overall performance.