Our management team has adopted a strategic plan to transform GM into the world's most valued automotive company. Our plan includes several major initiatives that we anticipate will redefine the future of personal mobility and advance our vision of zero crashes, zero emissions, zero congestion while also strengthening the core of our business: leading in technology and innovation, including electrification, autonomous vehicles and data connectivity; making tough, strategic decisions about the markets and products in which we will invest and compete; and targeting 10% core margins on an EBIT-adjusted basis. We face continuing market, operating and regulatory challenges in a number of countries across the globe due to, among other factors, competitive pressures, our product portfolio offerings, and evolving trade policy. As a result of these conditions, we continue to strategically assess our performance and ability to achieve acceptable returns on our invested capital, as well as our cost structure in order to maintain a low breakeven point. In November 2018, we announced plans to accelerate steps to improve our overall business performance, including the reorganization of global product development staffs and a reduction of our salaried workforce. We expect these transformation activities to drive between $5.5 billion and $6.0 billion of annual cash savings by the end of 2020, consisting of cost savings resulting from reductions primarily in automotive and other cost of sales in our consolidated financial statements. We have achieved significant cost savings through staffing, manufacturing and product initiatives. We continue to monitor and evaluate opportunities to strengthen our competitive position over the long term while maintaining a strong investment-grade balance sheet. These actions may include opportunistic payments to reduce our long-term obligations, as well as the possibility of acquisitions, dispositions, investments with joint venture partners and strategic alliances that we believe would generate significant advantages and substantially strengthen our business. Our ability to deliver new products, services and customer experiences in response to increased competition in the automotive industry is critical. We are also focused on managing risks related to security breaches and other disruptions to our information technology systems and networked products, including connected vehicles and in-vehicle systems. Our management uses non-GAAP measures in its financial, investment and operational decision-making processes, for internal reporting and as part of its forecasting and budgeting processes. These measures allow management and investors to view operating trends, perform analytical comparisons and benchmark performance between periods and among geographic regions to understand operating performance without regard to items we do not consider a component of our core operating performance. Our liquidity plans are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those described in the "forward-looking statements" section and risk factors, some of which are outside of our control. We believe that offering a comprehensive suite of financing products will generate incremental sales of our vehicles, drive incremental GM Financial earnings and help support our sales throughout various economic cycles. Our future uses of cash are focused on reinvesting in our business, maintaining a strong investment-grade balance sheet, and returning available cash to shareholders. We will continue to build upon our strong brands, network, and partnerships in China as well as continue to drive improvements in vehicle mix and cost.