We believe our continued investment in the employment, recruitment and retention of physicians will improve the quality of care at our facilities. We continue to invest in initiatives such as care navigators, clinical data exchange and centralized patient transfer operations, which will enable us to improve coordination of care and patient retention across our markets. We have implemented a number of initiatives including advanced health information technology and evidence-based medicine programs. We routinely analyze operational practices from our best-performing hospitals to identify ways to implement organization-wide performance improvements and reduce clinical variation. We believe these initiatives will continue to improve patient care, help us achieve cost efficiencies and favorably position us in an environment where our constituents are increasingly focused on quality, efficacy and efficiency. We have invested significant resources to refine and improve our billing systems and the information system data used to make contractual allowance estimates. We have developed standardized calculation processes and related employee training programs to improve the utility of our patient accounting systems. Our ability to achieve operating and financial targets, and attain expected levels of patient volumes and control the costs of providing services, is critical to our business strategy. We continue to leverage our scale and market positions to grow the company. We believe there is significant opportunity to continue to grow our company by fully leveraging the scale and scope of our organization. Our centrally managed business processes and ability to leverage cost-saving practices across our extensive network will enable us to continue to manage costs effectively. We are committed to providing the communities we serve with high quality, cost-effective health care while growing our business and creating long-term value for our stockholders. Our growth strategy includes providing access and convenience through developing various outpatient facilities, including, but not limited to surgery centers, urgent care clinics, freestanding emergency care facilities and imaging centers. We believe we are well positioned in a number of large and growing markets that will allow us the opportunity to generate long-term, attractive growth through the expansion of our presence in these markets. We depend on the quality and dedication of the health care providers and other team members who serve at our facilities. Achieving high levels of patient safety, patient satisfaction and clinical quality are central goals of our business. Our ability to demonstrate meaningful use of certified electronic health record technology and the impact of interoperability requirements is an ongoing focus. We believe our size, scale, national presence and access to capital will position us well to participate in any consolidation within the hospital industry. We are aware these supplemental payment programs are currently being reviewed by CMS and certain state agencies, and that some states have made waiver requests to CMS to replace their existing supplemental payment programs. It is possible these reviews and waiver requests will result in the restructuring of such supplemental payment programs and could result in the payment programs being reduced or eliminated. Our facilities are insured by our 100% owned insurance subsidiary for losses up to $50 million per occurrence; however, this coverage is subject, in most cases, to a $15 million per occurrence self-insured retention. We believe adequate reserves have been recorded for our professional liability claims; however, due to the complexity of the claims, the extended period of time to resolve the claims and the wide range of potential outcomes, our ultimate liability for professional liability claims could change by more than the estimated sensitivity amounts and could change materially from our current estimates.