The recent outbreak of the novel coronavirus COVID-19 has led to adverse impacts on the U.S. and global economies and created uncertainty regarding potential impacts to our supply chain, operations, and customer demand. The pandemic has impacted and could further impact our operations and the operations of our suppliers and vendors as a result of quarantines, facility closures, and travel and logistics restrictions. We continue to actively monitor the situation and may take further actions that alter our operations as may be required by federal, state or local authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our associates, customers, suppliers, vendors and shareholders. Our comparable sales results for fiscal 2019 compare the 52-week period reported for fiscal 2019 to weeks 2 through 53 in fiscal 2018. The increase in comparable sales reflected a number of factors, including traffic growth across a number of our core categories and the execution of our strategic efforts to drive an enhanced interconnected experience in both the physical and digital worlds. Online sales, which consist of sales generated online through our websites for products picked up in our stores or delivered to customer locations, represented 9.3% of net sales and grew 19.4% during fiscal 2019. We assess our sales performance by evaluating both net sales and comparable sales. Our operating cash flows result primarily from cash received from our customers, offset by cash payments we make for products and services, employee compensation, operations, and occupancy costs. Cash provided by or used in operating activities is also subject to changes in working capital. The increase in net sales in fiscal 2019 primarily reflected the impact of positive comparable sales driven by an increase in comparable average ticket growth and comparable customer transactions. We believe that our current cash position, cash flow generated from operations, funds available from our commercial paper programs, and access to the long-term debt capital markets should be sufficient for our operating requirements and to enable us to fund our capital expenditures, dividend payments, and any required long-term debt payments through the next several fiscal years. We expect capital expenditures of approximately $2.8 billion in fiscal 2020. Given the current uncertainty related to the COVID-19 pandemic, we may adjust our capital expenditures as necessary or appropriate to support the operations of the business. Our significant accounting policies are disclosed in note 1 to our consolidated financial statements. The evaluation for long-lived assets is performed at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows, which is generally the individual store level. The assets of a store with indicators of impairment are evaluated for recoverability by comparing their undiscounted future cash flows with their carrying value. We generally base our estimates of fair market value on market appraisals of owned locations and estimates of the amount of potential sublease income and the time required to sublease for leased locations. Our self-insured retention or deductible, as applicable, for each claim involving general liability, workers' compensation, and automobile liability is limited to $25 million, $1 million, and $1 million, respectively. We have established liabilities for certain losses related to general liability, workers' compensation, employee group medical, and automobile claims for which we are self-insured. The determination of our provision for income taxes requires significant judgment, the use of estimates, and the interpretations and application of complex tax law. Our provision for income taxes could be affected by many factors, including changes in business operations, changes in tax law, outcomes of income tax audits, changes in our assessment of certain tax contingencies, the impact of discrete tax items and the mix of earnings among our U.S. and foreign operations.