During 2019, we continued to focus on commercial excellence and improvements in our manufacturing and operational processes, including our integrated supply chain and honeywell digital transformations, to drive higher sales at better margins. Our technology investments allow us to introduce new technology solutions in high growth businesses in broad-based, attractive industrial end markets. We are committed to a strategy to become one of the world's leading software industrial companies, which includes the ongoing expansion of honeywell forge connected solutions for aircraft, buildings, cybersecurity, plants, and workers and driving a recurring revenue model across the company. We believe our ability to drive continuous earnings growth over a long history results from consistently identifying and investing in productivity initiatives. Our businesses are focused on driving profitable growth through delivering innovative products through research and development and technological excellence, and through continued enhancement of our footprint in high growth regions. We expect to spend approximately $900 million for capital expenditures in 2020 primarily for growth, production and capacity expansion, cost reduction, maintenance, and replacement. We continuously assess the relative strength of each business in our portfolio as to strategic fit, market position, profit and cash flow contribution in order to identify target investment and acquisition opportunities in order to upgrade our combined portfolio. We also identify businesses that do not fit into our long-term strategic plan based on their market position, relative profitability or growth potential. These businesses are considered for potential divestiture, restructuring or other repositioning actions subject to regulatory constraints. Our emphasis is primarily safety of principal and secondarily maximizing yield of those funds. We believe that cash balances and operating cash flow will continue to be our principal source of liquidity. In addition to the available cash and operating cash flows, additional sources of liquidity include committed credit lines, short-term debt from the commercial paper markets, long-term borrowings, and access to the public debt and equity markets. We monitor the third-party depository institutions that hold our cash and cash equivalents on a daily basis. Our ability to access the commercial paper market, and the related cost of these borrowings, is affected by the strength of our credit rating and market conditions. Our technology investments are aimed at enhancing our operational efficiency and supporting our strategic objectives. We utilize technology to optimize our cost structure through supply chain and honeywell digital transformation initiatives, commercial excellence, repositioning, and other manufacturing and operational process improvements. Our strategic resource allocation is focused on maximizing the value of our investments in technology and innovation to drive business performance and competitive advantage. We continue to leverage our IT capabilities to enhance our information management, ensuring data and information are provided to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access. The deployment of our IT resources is critical in supporting our business strategies and enhancing our operational flexibility, thereby contributing to our overall organizational effectiveness and performance outcomes.