Our business environment has been characterized by increasing focus on capital and cost efficiencies, rising demand for speed, data, data capacity, and connectivity by market participants, necessitating increased investment in technology. We have invested, and continue to invest significant resources, in our proprietary ICE global network and cybersecurity protections to minimize the potential impact of a wide-scale cyber interruption, system outages, or global regulatory drive to move critical infrastructure and/or sensitive financial transactions away from the public internet. We believe that our current and historic investments in this space position us well competitively to accommodate increased costs of compliance, assurance, or incident response. However, trends in nationalism and data privacy could result in requirements that necessitate increases in staffing or the introduction of local data collection, potentially undermining our synergistic centralized service model. In addition, a prolonged and impactful cyber-attack on any of our market participants could drive the industry away from electronification and reduce the market advantages we have realized through automation. We continue to focus on our strategy to grow each of our revenue streams and prudently manage expenses, in order to mitigate these uncertainties and to build on our growth opportunities by leveraging our proprietary data, clearing, and markets. Our data services revenues are primarily subscription-based and increased 5% in 2019 from 2018 primarily due to the strong retention rate of existing customers, the addition of new customers, increased purchases by existing customers, and increases in pricing of our products. Our technology support services consist of costs for running our wholly-owned data centers, hosting costs paid to third-party data centers, and maintenance of our computer hardware and software required to support our technology and cybersecurity. These costs are driven by system capacity, functionality, and redundancy requirements. Technology and communications expenses increased in 2019 from 2018 due to costs related to our acquisitions and our launch of Bakkt. We expect our operating expenses to increase in absolute terms in future periods in connection with the growth of our business and to vary from year to year based on the type and level of our acquisitions, integrations, and other investments. We have diversified our business so that we are not dependent on volatility or trading activity in any one asset class. Our exchanges include derivative exchanges in the U.S., U.K., EU, Canada, and Singapore, and cash equities, equity options, and bond trading venues in the U.S. We operate OTC markets for physical energy, fixed income, and CDS trade execution. Our data and listings segment represents largely subscription-based, or recurring, revenues from data services and listings services offered across our trading and clearing businesses and ICE data services. We have recorded a significant increase in our data services revenues due to the strong retention rate of existing customers and the addition of new customers. We continue to focus on enhancing our technology, business integration, and the continued growth of our businesses, which includes investments in technology infrastructure and operational efficiency. Our investments in technology are critical to maintaining our competitive advantage and ensuring that we meet the evolving needs of our customers in a rapidly changing market environment.