Capital expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2019, primarily related to manufacturing equipment, our continued investment in the construction of our new Spartanburg facility in South Carolina, and information technology infrastructure. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities was driven by the increase in net income adjusted for non-cash items and the improvement in working capital primarily driven by extended payment terms with our suppliers, partially offset by the payment and deferral of customer incentives. Our integrated business model enables us to be more flexible and responsive to the changing needs of our large retail customers and allows us to more fully leverage our scale and reduce costs by creating greater geographic manufacturing and distribution coverage. We believe that the North American beverage market is influenced by certain key trends and uncertainties, including increased health consciousness and changes in consumer preferences and economic factors, which have previously created and may continue in the future to create category headwinds for a number of our products. Management believes that there are certain non-GAAP financial measures that allow management to evaluate our results, trends, and ongoing performance on a comparable basis. Our intention to drive significant cash flow generation to enable rapid deleveraging within two to three years from the DPS merger is critical to our operational strategy. We operate as an integrated brand owner, manufacturer, and distributor, which strengthens our route-to-market and provides opportunities for net sales and profit growth through the alignment of the economic interests of our brand ownership and our manufacturing and distribution businesses. The DPS merger was consummated on July 9, 2018, which has had a significant impact on our financial performance, including net income attributable to KDP increasing due to the incremental impact of the merger. The primary driver of the change in gross profit was the incremental impact in the current year of the DPS merger completed in 2018, including the favorable comparison to the inventory step-up associated with the merger. Adjusted income from operations increased primarily reflecting strong productivity and merger synergies, both of which benefited SG&A and cost of sales. Additionally, our cash flow generation is expected to be sufficient to meet our anticipated obligations, and we may utilize cash on hand or amounts available under our financing arrangements if necessary. Our obligations to our suppliers, including amounts due and scheduled payment terms, are not impacted by our agreements with third-party administrators that allow participating suppliers to track payment obligations from us. We have also entered into a network optimization program that has generated gains related to asset sales. The strategic resource allocation in our operations is designed to enhance our operational efficiency and effectiveness, which is critical for maintaining competitive advantage in the beverage market. The operational flexibility provided by our integrated business model allows us to respond effectively to market dynamics and consumer demands. The merger has created a new beverage company of scale with a portfolio of iconic consumer brands and expanded distribution capability to reach virtually every point-of-sale in North America.