The digital evolution is changing consumers' behaviors, influencing the way consumers think, interact, and ultimately how they shop. This evolution impacts every aspect of the Coca-Cola system and creates an opportunity to partner in different ways with customers and re-engineer the supply chain and route-to-market. We believe that sustainable and profitable growth is the product of a strong culture, with a focus on employees, customers, and consumers worldwide. As we move our business into the future, we will continue to drive a growth culture centered around curiosity, empowerment, inclusion, and agility. Our belief is that focusing on these behaviors will enhance our associates' work performance and help us become a more growth-minded company. We must continue to enhance our core capabilities of consumer marketing, commercial leadership, and franchise leadership. Our approach includes understanding each customer's business and needs, ensuring that customers have the right product and package offerings, and developing strategies for better execution at the point of sale. We work with our bottling partners to identify processes that enable us to quickly achieve scale and efficiencies, and we share best practices throughout the bottling system. We are committed to meeting evolving consumer preferences and generating new growth through our portfolio of more than 500 brands and over 4,700 beverage products. The company faces strong competition from well-established global companies as well as numerous regional and local companies. The rapidly evolving digital landscape and growth of e-commerce have led to dramatic shifts in consumer shopping patterns and present new challenges to competitively maintain the relevancy of our brands. We must continuously strengthen our capabilities in marketing and innovation in order to compete in a digital environment and maintain brand loyalty and market share. Our management has identified certain challenges and risks that demand attention in the nonalcoholic beverage segment, including evolving consumer preferences and increased competition. We strive to meet the highest standards in both product safety and product quality, and we work to ensure consistent safety and quality through strong governance and compliance with applicable regulations and standards. We regularly assess the relevance of our requirements and standards and continually work to improve and refine them across our entire supply chain. Our company is focused on giving people the drinks they want while trying to improve the world we all share. We attempt to make a positive difference in people's lives, communities, and our planet by doing business the right way. Our management is required to make certain critical estimates related to actuarial assumptions used to determine our net periodic pension cost and pension obligations. We believe the most critical assumptions are the discount rate used to determine the present value of the liabilities and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. We expect our full year 2020 capital expenditures to be approximately $2.0 billion. Our company maintains debt levels we consider prudent based on our cash flows, interest coverage ratio, and percentage of debt to capital. We use debt financing to lower our overall cost of capital, which increases our return on shareowners' equity. Our global presence and strong capital position give us access to key financial markets around the world, enabling us to raise funds at a low effective cost.