We operate 35 food production plants, primarily bakeries and dairies, which supply approximately 31% of our brands units and 42% of the grocery category our brands units sold in our supermarkets; the remaining our brands items are produced to our strict specifications by outside manufacturers. Our retail operations, which represent 97% of our consolidated sales, is our only reportable segment. On March 13, 2019, we completed the sale of our you technology business to Inmar for total consideration of $565 million, including $396 million of cash and $64 million of preferred equity received upon closing. The transaction includes a long-term service agreement for Inmar to provide us digital coupon services. Digital revenue grew 29% in 2019, driven by pickup and delivery sales growth. Digital revenue primarily includes revenue from all curbside pickup locations, online sales delivered to customer locations, and products shipped to customer locations. Kroger's ecosystem fuels the growth of adjacent alternative profit streams like Kroger personal finance, customer data insights, and media businesses that are essential components of Restock Kroger. These businesses comprise a significant portion of Kroger's overall alternative profit stream portfolio and are dependent on a core supermarket business to deliver sustainable, long-term growth and profitability. The increase in 2019, compared to 2018, resulted primarily from a higher gross margin rate on fuel sales, decreased shrink, as a percentage of sales, growth in our alternative profit stream portfolio, and effective negotiations to achieve savings on the cost of products sold. The increase in hourly associate labor costs is attributable to investing in higher wages and other comprehensive benefits to improve employee retention, engagement, and customer experience. The increase was partially offset by broad-based improvement of Restock Kroger cost savings initiatives that drive administrative efficiencies, store productivity, and sourcing cost reductions. We recorded asset impairments totaling $120 million in 2019, including $70 million of operating lease assets. This 2019 impairment charge includes the 35 planned store closures across our footprint in 2020 related to our Restock Kroger transformation efforts. Our financial strategy is to continue to use our strong free cash flow to invest in the business to drive long-term sustainable growth through the identification of high-return projects that support our strategy. We will allocate capital toward driving profitable sales growth in stores and digital, improving productivity, and building a seamless digital ecosystem and supply chain. We expect our model to deliver improved operating results over time and continued strong free cash flow, which will translate into a consistently strong and attractive total shareholder return over the long-term of 8% to 11%. We believe adjusted net earnings and adjusted net earnings per diluted share are useful metrics to investors and analysts because they present more accurate year-over-year comparisons for our net earnings and net earnings per diluted share because adjusted items are not the result of our normal operations. We continue to evaluate our potential exposure to under-funded multi-employer pension plans. Our cash flow projections look several years into the future and include assumptions on variables such as inflation, the economy, and market competition. We believe the ultimate significance of the impact on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows will be dictated by the length of time that such circumstances continue, which will depend on the currently unknowable extent and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and any governmental and public actions taken in response.