We operate in an environment characterized by both complexity in global security and continuing economic pressures in the U.S. and globally. A significant component of our strategy in this environment is to focus on program execution, improving the quality and predictability of the delivery of our products and services, and placing security capability quickly into the hands of our U.S. and international customers at affordable prices. We continue to focus on affordability initiatives and expect to continue to innovate and invest in technologies to fulfill new mission requirements for our customers and invest in our people so that we have the technical skills necessary to succeed. Our main areas of focus are in defense, space, intelligence, homeland security, and information technology, including cybersecurity. We selectively pursue the acquisition of businesses and investments at attractive valuations that will expand or complement our current portfolio and allow access to new customers or technologies. We routinely conduct discussions, evaluate targets, and enter into agreements regarding possible acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures, and equity investments. We have ongoing programs for production and sustainment activities in various international markets, demonstrating our capability to manage complex interfirm transactions and relationships. Our consolidated net sales were significantly influenced by the volume of our defense and aerospace products, which are supported by our robust IT capabilities that enhance operational efficiency and organizational effectiveness. We have made substantial investments in information technology to support programs and general enterprise information technology infrastructure, inclusive of costs for the development or purchase of internal-use software. Our strategic management practices include a focus on technology deployment and the integration of digital technologies to enhance our operational flexibility and market responsiveness. We recognize the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. Our operational processes are designed to support the continuous transfer of control to our customers, which is facilitated by our advanced IT architecture and systems. The integration of big data analytics into our operations allows for improved decision-making speed and information accuracy, which are critical for maintaining competitive advantage in a rapidly evolving market. We are committed to enhancing our IT governance frameworks to ensure compliance and manage risks associated with our technology investments. Our ability to recover costs associated with our IT investments is governed by federal regulations, which dictate the pricing of our products and services. We continuously evaluate our technology portfolio to align with our strategic objectives and to ensure that we remain agile and responsive to changing market demands. The successful execution of our business strategy relies heavily on our organizational capabilities, including our IT effectiveness, which supports our overall business transformation efforts and enhances our firm performance.