During the year, we made significant progress transforming our company through our four key focus areas: driving merchandising excellence; transforming our supply chain; delivering operational efficiency; and intensifying customer engagement. We focused on improving our customer service and investing in our in-stock position, driving efficiency in our store operations and advancing our pro service model. We rolled out a customer-centric scheduling system that allows us to provide better department coverage and customer service while ensuring that we are using our payroll efficiently. We have also added scheduling effectiveness tools that measure schedule efficiency and deployed new mobile devices to our store associates with applications to help make our associates more efficient and ultimately allowed them to spend more time interacting with customers. Our merchandise service teams have improved our merchandising reset execution and day-to-day bay and end-cap maintenance at the store level to deliver a better shopping experience to our customers. We also opened two new bulk distribution centers, relocated a third bulk distribution center, and opened four new cross-dock delivery terminals. In addition, Canadian operations started a SKU rationalization project to present a more coordinated assortment of product to the customer across banners and began the reorganization of the corporate structure to more efficiently serve stores. We believe that we are on the right path to capitalize on demand in the home improvement market, and our planned improvements to the lowes.com platform will allow these four strategic areas of focus to create a true omni-channel ecosystem for Lowe's so we can efficiently serve our customers any way they choose to shop. Our capital expenditures generally consist of investments in our strategic initiatives to enhance our ability to serve customers, existing stores, and expansion plans. The following table provides the allocation of capital expenditures for 2019, 2018, and 2017: existing store investments include merchandising resets, facility repairs, replacements of IT and store equipment, among other specific efforts. We believe that our sources of liquidity will continue to be adequate to fund our operations and investments to grow our business, repay our debt as it becomes due, pay dividends, and fund our share repurchases over the next 12 months. Our strategic focus areas aimed at improving customers' experience and driving improved performance reflect our commitment to leveraging technology capabilities in support of our business strategies. Our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. We have made investments in technology infrastructure to enhance operational efficiency and support our business transformation initiatives. Our ongoing share repurchase program and dividend payments are part of our strategy to return excess cash to shareholders while continuing to invest in technology and operational improvements that drive competitive advantage and market responsiveness. The strategic review of our Canadian operations and the closure of under-performing stores are examples of our commitment to optimizing our resource allocation and improving overall firm performance. Our ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities has become a key factor in transforming our firm into a competitive force in the market.