We provide our guests new and memorable experiences through our portfolio of brands, innovative technology, personalized guest recognition, and access to travel experiences through our Marriott Bonvoy tours & activities program. Our brands remain strong due to our skilled management teams, dedicated associates, superior guest service with an emphasis on guest and associate satisfaction, significant distribution, loyalty program, multichannel reservation systems, and desirable property amenities. We strive to effectively leverage our size and broad distribution. We believe that our loyalty program generates substantial repeat business that might otherwise go to competing hotels, and we strategically market to the program's large and growing member base to generate revenue. We, along with owners and franchisees, continue to invest in our brands by means of new, refreshed, and reinvented properties, new room and public space designs, and enhanced amenities, technology offerings, and guest experiences. We continue to enhance the appeal of our proprietary, information-rich, and easy-to-use websites, and of our associated mobile applications, through functionality and service improvements. Our profitability, as well as that of owners and franchisees, has benefited from our approach to property-level and above-property productivity. We also control above-property costs, some of which we allocate to hotels, by remaining focused on systems, processing, and support areas. We expect to incur significant expenses associated with the data security incident in future periods, primarily related to legal proceedings and regulatory investigations (including possible fines and penalties), increased expenses and capital investments for information technology and information security and data privacy, and increased expenses for compliance activities and to meet increased legal and regulatory requirements. We made capital expenditures of $653 million in 2019, primarily reflecting the 2019 acquisitions of W New York - Union Square and Elegant and net higher spending on several owned and leased properties, partially offset by the 2018 acquisition of the Sheraton Phoenix Downtown. Capital expenditures in 2018 increased by $316 million compared to 2017, primarily reflecting the 2018 acquisition of the Sheraton Phoenix Downtown, improvements to our worldwide systems, and net higher spending on several owned properties. We expect spending on capital expenditures and other investments will total approximately $700 million to $800 million for 2020, including contract acquisition costs, equity and other investments, loan advances, and various capital expenditures (including approximately $200 million for maintenance capital spending). We monitor the status of the capital markets and regularly evaluate the potential impact of changes in capital market conditions on our business operations. We have made, and expect to continue making selective and opportunistic investments to add units to our lodging business, which may include property acquisitions and renovations, new construction, loans, guarantees, and noncontrolling equity investments. Over time, we seek to minimize capital invested in our business through asset sales subject to long-term management or franchise agreements. We continue to have ample flexibility under the credit facility's covenants, and we expect that undrawn bank commitments under the credit facility will remain available to us even if business conditions were to deteriorate markedly.