We executed business continuity and contingency plans to contain the impact of a global malware incident, which affected a significant portion of our global sales, distribution, and financial networks. Following the incident, we restored our main operating systems and processes and enhanced our system security. We continue to devote focused resources to network security, backup and disaster recovery, and enhanced training to protect our systems and data. We also focus on enhancing the monitoring and detection of threats in our environment, including operational technologies, as well as adjusting information security controls based on updated threats. Our strategy is to drive long-term growth by focusing on three strategic priorities: accelerating consumer-centric growth, driving operational excellence, and creating a winning growth culture. We believe the successful implementation of our strategic priorities, leveraging our strong foundation of iconic global and local brands, and our market leadership in developed and emerging markets will drive top- and bottom-line growth, enabling us to continue to create long-term value for our shareholders. We aim to be the global leader in snacking and expect consumer needs to evolve in response to busy modern lifestyles. We are investing in our well-being and other snack offerings, product and marketing innovation, and new routes to market, including e-commerce. Our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations, including in emerging markets, which have greater political, economic, and currency volatility. We monitor consumer spending and our market share within the food and beverage categories in which we sell our products. We believe these actions will help drive demand in our categories and strengthen our positions across markets. We continue to optimize our manufacturing and other operations and invest in our brands through ongoing research and development, advertising, marketing, and consumer promotions. We have taken measures to increase our resources in customer service and logistics, together with increasing our inventory levels of imported raw materials, packaging, and finished goods in the United Kingdom to help manage through the Brexit transition and inherent risks. Our operations are affected by the volatility of global markets, and we aim to protect profitability through the management of costs and pricing as well as targeted investments in our brands and new routes to market. We also focus on enhancing our system security and operational efficiency to mitigate risks associated with cybersecurity threats. The malware incident had a negative impact on our net revenue and organic net revenue growth, and we incurred total incremental expenses as part of the recovery effort. We believe that cash from operations, our revolving credit facilities, and long-term financing will provide sufficient liquidity for our working capital needs, planned capital expenditures, and future payments. We continue to make capital expenditures primarily to modernize manufacturing facilities and support new product and productivity initiatives. We expect to continue to fund these expenditures from operations, reflecting our commitment to enhancing our operational capabilities and maintaining competitive advantage in the marketplace.