The company is currently integrating JLT, which will incur costs related to severance, real estate rationalization, technology, consulting fees for managing the integration processes, and legal fees for rationalizing legal entity structures. These integration and restructuring plans are still being finalized, which may change the current cost and related savings estimates, as the company continues to refine its detailed plans for each business and location. The company expects to achieve run rate savings of at least $350 million, with realized cost savings in 2019 of approximately $125 million. The increase in underlying expenses reflects the impact of acquisition, restructuring, and integration-related costs of $326 million, primarily due to severance, lease-related exit costs, and consulting fees related to the JLT transaction, as well as higher incentive compensation. The company conducts business in many countries, and as a result, foreign exchange rate movements may impact period-to-period comparisons of revenue. Revenue in the risk and insurance services segment increased 17% in 2019 compared with 2018, reflecting the inclusion of JLT for the last three quarters of 2019. The consulting segment's revenue increased 5% compared with 2018, or 3% on an underlying basis. The major component of revenue in the consulting business is fees paid by clients for advice and services, which are affected by global economic conditions, including changes in clients' particular industries and markets. The company also provides analysis, advice, and transactional capabilities to clients in more than 130 countries, which emphasizes the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. The company's IT capabilities support business needs and have become key in transforming the firm into a competitive force. The integration of JLT required intercompany transfers of acquired entities into the company's country structures and the combination of those entities within the equivalent company businesses, designed to be tax efficient. The company has established a short-term debt financing program through the issuance of commercial paper, which is used for general corporate purposes. The company recorded net investment income, which includes realized and unrealized gains and losses from investments, and is impacted by the level of assets under management or administration, which is influenced by securities market performance. The company's investments may include direct investments in insurance, consulting, or other strategically linked companies. The company has commitments for potential future investments in private equity funds that invest primarily in financial services companies. The company expects to contribute approximately $84 million to its non-U.S. defined benefit plans in 2020, reflecting its strategy to maintain a funded status of 80% or more of the liability determined under applicable guidelines. The company utilizes a model developed by Mercer to assist in determining the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, which is based on various factors including actual and target portfolio allocation and historical portfolio performance. The company also expects to continue its practice of repatriating available funds from its non-U.S. operating subsidiaries out of current annual earnings, while evaluating its global investment and repatriation strategy in light of capital requirements.