The management's discussion and analysis highlights that our growth strategy includes expanding our international business, which is a key value driver for corporate growth. We believe that "functional" value-added brands supported by marketing and innovation drive profitable growth, and we are focused on increasing profit margins for both our monster energy® drinks segment and our strategic brands segment. This involves tailored branding, packaging, pricing, and distribution channel strategies that help achieve profitable growth. The efficient capital structure is designed to optimize working capital to finance expansion, both domestically and internationally, providing a competitive advantage. We continue to incur expenditures in connection with the development and introduction of new products and flavors, which is essential for retaining and expanding market share. Our historical success is attributed to the introduction of different and innovative beverages, and our future success will depend on our ability to continue developing and introducing innovative beverages that meet consumer preferences. We recognize that the beverage industry is subject to changing consumer preferences that may adversely affect us if we misjudge such preferences. Our ability to effectively manage inventories and accounts receivables is crucial, as is our capacity to absorb, reduce, or pass on increases in freight costs. The management also emphasizes the importance of maintaining relationships with bottlers/distributors and managing their ongoing commitment to focus on our products, particularly in light of TCCC's refranchising initiative. The discussion acknowledges the potential impact of unfavorable regulations, including taxation requirements and marketing restrictions, on our business. Furthermore, our ability to achieve profitability from operations outside the United States and manage legal and regulatory requirements in foreign jurisdictions is critical. The management has identified challenges such as economic uncertainty, consumer discretionary spending, and increasing concern over health matters related to our products. Our commitment to consumers is reflected in our broad product line and a wide selection of diet, light, and low-calorie beverages. We continuously strive to meet changing consumer needs through beverage innovation, choice, and variety. The management also notes the risks associated with the realization of benefits from our relationship with TCCC, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, and the impact of competitive products and pricing pressures. The discussion concludes with an acknowledgment of the importance of effective strategic positioning to capitalize on industry growth and the need for ongoing evaluation of market conditions to ensure alignment with consumer demands and regulatory requirements.