The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the other sections of this annual report on form 10-K, including the consolidated financial statements and related notes contained in item 8, and the discussion of risk factors that may affect future results in item 1A. Altria's financial services and innovative tobacco products businesses are included in an all other category due to the continued reduction of the lease portfolio of PMCC and the relative financial contribution of Altria's innovative tobacco products businesses to Altria's consolidated results. Altria forecasts that its 2020 full-year adjusted diluted EPS growth rate is expected to be in the range of 4% to 7% over its 2019 full-year adjusted diluted EPS base of $4.22, reflecting increased investments related to PM USA's commercialization efforts for IQOS and Helix's plans to manufacture and expand U.S. distribution of on! The forecasted growth rate excludes estimated per share charges in 2020 of $0.05 for tax expense, representing a partial reversal of the tax basis benefit recorded in 2017 attributable to Altria's investment in ABI. The changes in Altria's net earnings and diluted EPS attributable to Altria for the year ended December 31, 2019, from the year ended December 31, 2018, were due primarily to various asset impairment, exit, implementation, and acquisition-related costs, as well as changes in tax rates driven primarily by lower dividends from ABI. Lower spending as a result of Altria's decision in 2018 to refocus its innovative product efforts, and higher earnings from Altria's equity investment in ABI, were partially offset by higher interest and other debt expense due to debt incurred in connection with the Cronos and Juul transactions. The discussion of events affecting the comparability of statement of earnings amounts in the consolidated operating results section highlights the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. Altria's IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and business process understanding to further organizational goals. The ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is crucial in response to changing business needs and directions. The notion of IT capability underscores the importance of transforming a firm into a competitive force through effective support of business needs. Altria's strategic resource allocation and investment decisions are influenced by market dynamics and the need for operational flexibility, which are essential for maintaining competitive advantage and responding to consumer demands. The firm's capability to integrate technology into its operations is vital for enhancing organizational performance and achieving business strategy alignment.