We believe our retail segment operates the second largest chain of company-owned and operated retail gasoline and convenience stores in the United States, with approximately 3,900 convenience stores, primarily under the Speedway brand. Our operations consist of three reportable operating segments: refining & marketing, retail, and midstream. Each of these segments is organized and managed based upon the nature of the products and services they offer. Our midstream segment transports, stores, distributes, and markets crude oil and refined products, principally for our refining & marketing segment. The profitability of our pipeline transportation operations primarily depends on tariff rates and the volumes shipped through the pipelines. The profitability of our marine operations primarily depends on the quantity and availability of our vessels and barges. The profitability of our light product terminal operations primarily depends on the throughput volumes at these terminals. The profitability of our fuels distribution services primarily depends on the sales volumes of certain refined products. Our integrated midstream energy asset network links producers of natural gas and NGLs from some of the largest supply basins in the United States to domestic and international markets. Our capital investment plan for 2020 totals approximately $2.6 billion for capital projects and investments, excluding MPLX, capitalized interest, and acquisitions. The 2020 capital investment plan for MPC and MPLX and capital expenditures and investments for each of the last three years are summarized by segment. The refining & marketing segment's forecasted 2020 capital spending and investments is approximately $1.6 billion, including approximately $1.1 billion of growth capital focused on refinery optimization, production of higher value products, increased capacity to upgrade residual fuel oil, and expanded export capacity. Our retail segment's 2020 capital forecast of approximately $550 million is focused on continued conversion of acquired locations to the Speedway brand and systems, growth in existing and new markets, dealer sites, commercial fueling/diesel expansion, food service through store remodels, and high-quality acquisitions. MPLX's capital investment plan includes $1.5 billion of organic growth capital and approximately $250 million of maintenance capital. This growth plan includes the continued expansion of the Mt. Airy terminal in addition to projects which increase MPLX's long-haul crude oil, natural gas, and NGL pipeline transportation capabilities. Many of MPLX's projects also increase its export capabilities, which provides for additional flexibility and competitive advantages. The speed of decision-making and operational flexibility are critical in responding to market dynamics and consumer demands. Our technology infrastructure supports the operational efficiency of our segments, enhancing our ability to manage resources effectively and optimize processes. The integration of technology capabilities across our operations is essential for maintaining competitive positioning and achieving performance excellence. Our strategic resource allocation is guided by the need to leverage IT capabilities in support of business strategies and work processes. The ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with other strategic resources is vital for transforming our firm into a competitive force. We continuously evaluate our capital plan and make changes as conditions warrant to ensure alignment with our organizational goals and market-based performance.