We are a leading provider of critical decision support tools and services for the global investment community. Leveraging our knowledge of the global investment process and our expertise in research, data, and technology, our actionable solutions power better investment decisions by enabling our clients to understand and analyze key drivers of risk and return and confidently and efficiently build more effective portfolios. Our industry-leading, research-enhanced products and services include indexes; portfolio construction and risk management analytics; ESG research and ratings; and real estate benchmarks, return analytics, and market insights. We are focused on staying at the forefront of investment trends to address the evolving needs of our clients in a changing industry. In order to most effectively serve our clients, we are committed to driving an integrated solutions-based approach, achieving service excellence, enhancing our differentiated research and content, and delivering flexible, cutting-edge technology and platforms. Research and development (R&D) expenses consist of costs to develop new or enhance existing products and costs to develop new or improved technology and service platforms for the delivery of our products and services and primarily include the costs of development, research, product management, project management, and the technology support associated with these efforts. We believe our liquidity, along with other financing alternatives, will provide the necessary capital to fund these transactions and achieve our planned growth. Our growth strategy includes improving access to our solutions through cutting-edge technology and platforms, expanding value-added service offerings, and executing strategic relationships and acquisitions with complementary content and technology companies. We utilize a portfolio of key financial metrics to manage the company, including GAAP and non-GAAP measures, and we also review expenses by activity, which provides more transparency into how resources are being deployed. Our business is not highly capital intensive, and we expect to continue to convert a high percentage of our profits into excess cash in the future. We measure the fees related to client license agreements and refer to this as "run rate." Our run rate estimates at a particular point in time reflect the annualized value of the recurring revenues under our client license agreements for the next 12 months, assuming all client contracts that come up for renewal are renewed. The run rate does not include fees associated with "one-time" and other non-recurring transactions. We believe that global cash flows from operations, together with existing cash and cash equivalents and funds available under our existing credit facility and our ability to access the debt and capital markets for additional funds, will continue to be sufficient to fund our global operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities. We are flexible in the delivery of our content and capabilities, much of which can be accessed by our clients through multiple channels and platforms. Our retention rate is computed by operating segment on a product/service-by-product/service basis, and we treat any reduction in fees resulting from a down-sale of the same product or service as a cancellation to the extent of the reduction. Our primary uses of cash from operating activities are for the payment of cash compensation expenses, office rent, technology costs, market data costs, interest expenses, and income taxes.