Microsoft is a technology company whose mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. Our platforms and tools help drive small business productivity, large business competitiveness, and public-sector efficiency. The markets for software, devices, and cloud-based services are dynamic and highly competitive, with frequent changes in both technologies and business models. Each industry shift is an opportunity to conceive new products, new technologies, or new ideas that can further transform the industry and our business. At Microsoft, we push the boundaries of what is possible through a broad range of research and development activities that seek to identify and address the changing demands of customers and users, industry trends, and competitive forces. Our success is highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees, as we compete for talented individuals globally by offering an exceptional working environment, broad customer reach, scale in resources, and the ability to grow one's career across many different products and businesses. The investments we are making in infrastructure and devices will continue to increase our operating costs and may decrease our operating margins. We have recast certain prior period commercial cloud metrics to provide a comparable view of our commercial cloud business performance. Intelligent cloud revenue increased, driven by server products and cloud services, while productivity and business processes revenue increased, driven by Office and LinkedIn. Research and development expenses increased, driven by investments in cloud and AI engineering, gaming, LinkedIn, and GitHub. Our operating expenses increased, driven by investments in LinkedIn and cloud engineering. The commercial cloud revenue, which includes Microsoft Office 365 commercial, Microsoft Azure, and other commercial cloud properties, increased significantly. Azure revenue growth was substantial, due to higher infrastructure-as-a-service and platform-as-a-service consumption-based and per user-based services. The devices and form factors customers prefer evolve rapidly and influence how users access services in the cloud. We must continue to evolve and adapt over an extended time in pace with this changing environment. Our products are generally sold with a right of return, and we may provide other credits or incentives, which are accounted for as variable consideration when determining the amount of revenue to recognize. We expect capital expenditures to increase in coming years to support growth in our cloud offerings. The transition tax imposed by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA) significantly changed existing U.S. tax law and included numerous provisions that affect our business. We recorded a provisional net charge related to the enactment of the TCJA and adjusted our provisional net charge by recording additional tax expense in response to the TCJA and recently issued regulations. Our effective tax rate was lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate, primarily due to the tax benefit related to intangible property transfers and earnings taxed at lower rates in foreign jurisdictions. We will continue to invest in sales, marketing, product support infrastructure, and existing and advanced areas of technology, as well as continue making acquisitions that align with our business strategy. We expect existing cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, cash flows from operations, and access to capital markets to continue to be sufficient to fund our operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future.