The increase in technology and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2019, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2018, was primarily due to a $305 million increase in personnel-related costs, including increases in compensation for existing employees and growth in average headcount to support the increase in our production activity and continued improvements in our streaming service. Technology and development expenses consist of payroll and related expenses for all technology personnel, as well as other costs incurred in making improvements to our service offerings, including testing, maintaining, and modifying our user interface, our recommendation, merchandising, and streaming delivery technology and infrastructure. We have built our own global content delivery network ("open connect") to help us efficiently stream a high volume of content to our members over the internet. Streaming delivery expenses, therefore, include equipment costs related to open connect, payroll and related personnel expenses, and all third-party costs, such as cloud computing costs, associated with delivering streaming content over the internet. The increase in operating margin is due primarily to increased revenues, partially offset by increased content expenses as we continue to acquire, license, and produce content, including more Netflix originals, as well as increased marketing expenses and headcount costs to support continued improvements in our streaming service, our international expansion, and our growing content production activities. Our primary uses of cash include the acquisition, licensing, and production of content, streaming delivery, marketing programs, and personnel-related costs. We expect to continue to significantly increase our investments in global streaming content, particularly in original content, which will impact our liquidity and result in future net cash used in operating activities and negative free cash flows for many years. We anticipate continuing to finance our future capital needs in the debt market. Our ability to obtain this or any additional financing that we may choose to, or need to, obtain will depend on, among other things, our development efforts, business plans, operating performance, and the condition of the capital markets at the time we seek financing. We may not be able to obtain such financing on terms acceptable to us or at all. The contractual obligations for purchases of goods or services are defined as agreements that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. The expected timing of the payment of the obligations discussed is estimated based on information available to us as of December 31, 2019. The increase in cost of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2019, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2018, was primarily due to a $1,684 million increase in content amortization relating to our existing and new streaming content, including more exclusive and original programming. We recognize content assets (licensed and produced) as "non-current content assets, net" on the consolidated balance sheet. Our business model is subscription-based, as opposed to a model generating revenues at a specific title level. Content assets (licensed and produced) are predominantly monetized as a group and therefore are reviewed at a group level when an event or change in circumstances indicates a change in the expected usefulness of the content or that the fair value may be less than unamortized cost. We have built our own global content delivery network to help us efficiently stream a high volume of content to our members over the internet, which underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities.