The company believes its capabilities, particularly in space, missiles, missile defense, hypersonics, counter-hypersonics, low observable technology, and cyber will allow it to continue to profitably grow its business in support of its customers' needs. We manage and assess our business based on our performance on contracts and programs, recognizing sales from our portfolio of long-term contracts as control is transferred to the customer. The operating results discussion focuses on our four segments, and we assess our performance using certain financial measures that are not calculated in accordance with GAAP. These non-GAAP financial measures may be useful to investors and other users of our financial statements as supplemental measures in evaluating the company's underlying financial performance. We recognize purchased intangible assets in connection with our business acquisitions at fair value on the acquisition date, and the most significant purchased intangible assets recognized from our acquisitions are generally customer-related intangible assets, including customer contracts and commercial customer relationships. The company performs on a broad portfolio of long-term contracts, including the development of complex and customized military platforms and systems, as well as advanced electronic equipment and software, that often include technology at the forefront of science. Our cost estimation process is based on the professional knowledge of our engineering, program management, and financial professionals, and draws on their significant experience and judgment. We prepare estimates for our contracts and calculate an estimated contract profit based on total estimated contract sales and cost. The political environment, federal budget, and debt ceiling are expected to continue to be the subject of considerable debate, which could have significant impacts on defense spending broadly and the company's programs in particular. We believe the company has been and continues to be in full compliance with the order, but we cannot predict any potential impact on the procurement. The global security environment of heightened tensions and instability, threats from state and non-state actors, as well as terrorist organizations, emerging nuclear tensions, diverse regional security concerns, and political instability, drives the market for defense products, services, and solutions globally. The budget control act of 2011 mandated spending caps for all federal discretionary spending across a ten-year period, including specific limits for defense and non-defense spending. We recognize that changes in estimates may include changes in, or resolution of, identified opportunities for operating margin improvement. The company has taken and continues to take robust actions to help ensure compliance with the terms of the order. Our capabilities in information management are critical to providing data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access. The company believes that the effective management of its information technology capabilities is essential for transforming into a competitive force and enhancing organizational goals. The strategic alignment of our technology capabilities with business needs is vital for operational efficiency and performance improvement. The company’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals.