In management's discussion and analysis, we provide a historical and prospective narrative of our general financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and certain other factors that may affect our future results, including key events and recent developments within our company, our liquidity and capital resources, and our critical accounting estimates. We believe the increased sales achieved by our stores were the result of store growth, the high levels of customer service provided by our well-trained and technically proficient team members, superior inventory availability, including same day and overnight access to inventory in our regional distribution centers, enhanced services and programs offered in our stores, and a broad selection of product offerings with a dynamic catalog system to identify and source parts. The increase in gross profit as a percentage of sales was due to a benefit from selling through inventory purchased prior to recent industry-wide acquisition cost increases and corresponding selling price increases. The increase in selling prices on a same-sku basis was driven by increases in acquisition costs of inventory, which were passed through in market prices. We have ongoing initiatives focused on marketing and training to educate customers on the advantages of ongoing vehicle maintenance, as well as purchasing up on the value spectrum. The increase in total SG&A dollars was the result of team members, facilities, and vehicles to support our increased sales and store count, and increased spending on omnichannel and technology initiatives. Our liquidity and capital resources are primarily supported by funds generated from operations and borrowed under our unsecured revolving credit facility. We believe that cash expected to be provided by operating activities and availability under our unsecured revolving credit facility will be sufficient to fund both our short-term and long-term capital and liquidity needs for the foreseeable future. The increase in net cash used in investing activities in 2019 compared to 2018 was primarily the result of an increase in capital expenditures, investments in tax credit equity investments, and an increase in other investing activities, including technology investments. We opened 200 net new U.S. stores during the year ended December 31, 2019, compared to opening 200 net new U.S. stores during the year ended December 31, 2018. We plan to open approximately 180 net new domestic stores in 2020. Our strategic resource allocation includes funding for technology investments during 2019, which were primarily related to distribution expansion projects and the timing of property acquisitions. The credit agreement provides for a five-year $1.20 billion unsecured revolving credit facility, which includes a $200 million sub-limit for the issuance of letters of credit and a $75 million sub-limit for swing line borrowings. We have entered into an agreement to make capital contributions to certain tax credit equity investments for the purpose of receiving renewable energy tax credits. Our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2019, included commitments for short and long-term debt arrangements, interest payments related to long-term debt, and future payments under non-cancelable lease arrangements. We expect to fund these commitments primarily with operating cash flows expected to be generated in the normal course of business or through borrowings under our revolving credit facility. The sustained trends of low U.S. unemployment have been favorable to our industry through the support of miles driven and consumer confidence; however, this has also resulted in pressure on wages, particularly when combined with legislated wage increases in certain market areas.