We are a leading provider of integrated human capital management ("HCM") solutions for payroll, benefits, human resource ("HR"), and insurance services for small- to medium-sized businesses. Our strategy focuses on flexible, convenient service; industry-leading, integrated technology; solid sales execution; providing a comprehensive suite of value-added HCM services; continued service penetration; and engaging in strategic acquisitions. We continue to focus on driving growth in the number of clients, revenue per client, and revenue and profits, while providing industry-leading service and technology solutions to our clients and their employees. We believe that investing in our products, people, and service capabilities will position us to capitalize on opportunities for long-term growth. Our portfolio of HCM and employee benefit-related services are as follows: HR administration services, including time and attendance, benefit enrollment, recruiting, and onboarding; our mission is to be the leading provider of payroll, benefits, HR, and insurance services for small and mid-sized companies by being an essential partner with America's businesses. Our comprehensive portfolio of HCM services and products allows our clients to meet their diverse payroll and HR needs. We maintain industry-leading margins by managing our personnel costs and expenses while continuing to invest in our business, particularly in leading-edge technology. Our SaaS solution through Paychex Flex Enterprise integrates payroll processing with HR management, employee benefits administration, time and labor management, applicant tracking, onboarding solutions, and performance and learning management. Concentrated effort remains on the continued enhancements of Paychex Flex, our robust cloud-based HCM platform, which allows direct client access to payroll, HR, and benefits information in a streamlined and integrated approach to workplace management. In fiscal 2019, we continued to focus on enhancing the value to clients of our Paychex Flex platform. New offerings and enhancements to our Paychex Flex platform made in fiscal 2019 included tablet-enabled facial recognition for time and attendance; new synchronization functionality between Paychex general ledger service and QuickBooks Online, which enhances efficiency and productivity for businesses, as well as the accountants who serve them; and the addition of performance management, workflow approvals, real-time analytics, and a configurable events calendar to the Paychex Flex platform. We believe these investments are critical to our success. The acquisitions of Oasis, HROI, and Lessor contributed approximately 6% to the growth in total service revenue for fiscal 2019 as compared with fiscal 2018. We continue to strengthen our position as an expert in our industry by serving as a source of education and information to clients, businesses of all sizes, and other interested parties. Our financial position as of May 31, 2019, remained strong with cash, restricted cash, and total corporate investments of $779.9 million. We believe that our investments in technology resources and operational capabilities are essential for supporting our business strategy and enhancing our competitive positioning in the market. The growth in our combined PEO business, including the acquisitions of Oasis and HROI, contributed to the growth in PEO insurance costs for both fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018. Our effective leverage of technology capabilities and resources has enabled us to optimize our service offerings and improve operational efficiencies, which are vital for meeting the evolving demands of our clients and the competitive landscape.