The utility's operations are subject to extensive federal, state, and local laws and permits relating to the protection of the environment and the safety and health of the utility's personnel and the public. The utility actively manages market risk through risk management programs designed to support business objectives, discourage unauthorized risk-taking, reduce commodity cost volatility, and manage cash flows. The utility uses derivative instruments only for non-trading purposes (i.e., risk mitigation) and not for speculative purposes. The utility's risk management activities include the use of physical and financial instruments such as forward contracts, futures, swaps, options, and other instruments and agreements. The utility's capital forecasts involve a series of complex judgments regarding detailed project plans, estimates included in third-party contracts, historical cost experience for similar projects, permitting requirements, environmental compliance standards, and a variety of other factors. The utility's operations are subject to significant contingencies arising from their operations, including contingencies related to enforcement and litigation matters. The utility's business profile and financial results could be impacted by the outcome of recent calls for municipalization of part or all of the utility's businesses, offers by municipalities and other public entities to acquire the electric assets of the utility within their respective jurisdictions, and calls for state intervention, including the possibility of a state takeover of the utility. The utility's ability to fund ongoing operations and other capital needs is dependent on the levels of its operating cash flows and availability under the debtor-in-possession credit agreement. The utility's financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows may be materially affected by the outcome of the chapter 11 cases, which could adversely affect the utility's relationships with suppliers and employees, potentially impacting the value of the business and assets. The utility's ability to emerge from chapter 11 is dependent on its ability to satisfy the conditions set forth in AB 1054, as determined by the California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC). The utility's financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows could be materially affected if the utility is unable to timely recover costs in connection with the 2019 wildfire mitigation plan, and the 2020-2022 wildfire mitigation plan recorded in the fire risk mitigation memorandum account and wildfire mitigation plan memorandum account. The utility is currently evaluating the tax treatment of the required initial and annual contributions to the wildfire fund. The utility's required contributions to the wildfire fund will be substantial and are expected to have a material impact on the utility's financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows. The utility intends to utilize historical, publicly available fire-loss data as a starting point for estimating future fire-loss, but future fire-loss can be difficult to estimate due to uncertainties around the impacts of climate change, land use changes, and mitigation efforts. The utility's capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $7.6 billion in 2020, with average annual capital investments of approximately $4.6 billion in electric distribution, natural gas distribution, and electric generation infrastructure over the 2020-2022 general rate case period. The utility's operations and financial performance are influenced by various external factors, including regulatory changes, market dynamics, and the effectiveness of its risk management strategies.