Our business plan is designed to achieve growth while managing the risks associated with regulatory changes, fluctuating commodity prices and changes in customer demand. Over the past few years, our investments have altered our business mix to reflect a higher percentage of earnings contribution by PSE&G. At PSE&G, our focus is on enhancing reliability and resiliency of our T&D system, meeting customer expectations and supporting public policy objectives by investing capital in T&D infrastructure and clean energy programs. We continue to invest in transmission infrastructure in order to maintain and enhance system integrity and grid reliability, grid security and safety, address an aging transmission infrastructure, leverage technology to improve the operation of the system, reduce transmission constraints, meet growing demand and meet environmental requirements and standards set by various regulatory bodies. Our planned capital spending for transmission in 2020-2022 is $2.8 billion. PSEG Power strives to improve performance and reduce costs in order to optimize cash flow generation from our fleet in light of low wholesale power and gas prices, environmental considerations and competitive market forces that reward efficiency and reliability. PSEG Power continues to move its fleet toward improved efficiency and believes that its recently completed investment program enhances its competitive position with the addition of efficient, clean, reliable combined cycle gas turbine capacity. We emphasize operational performance while developing opportunities in both our competitive and regulated businesses. Flexibility in our generating fleet has allowed us to take advantage of opportunities in a rapidly evolving market as we remain diligent in managing costs. Our financial strength is predicated on a solid balance sheet, positive operating cash flow and reasonable risk-adjusted returns on increased investment. We continue our focus on operational excellence, financial strength and disciplined investment. These guiding principles have provided the base from which we have been able to execute our strategic initiatives. We utilize rigorous criteria when deploying capital and seek to invest in areas that complement our existing business and provide reasonable risk-adjusted returns. In 2019, we made additional investments in T&D infrastructure projects on time and on budget, continued to execute our energy efficiency and other existing BPU-approved utility programs, and regulatory, legislative and other developments in our pursuit of operational excellence, financial strength and disciplined investment. We closely monitor and engage with stakeholders on significant regulatory and legislative developments. Our future success will depend on our ability to continue to maintain strong operational and financial performance in an environment with low gas prices, to capitalize on or otherwise address regulatory and legislative developments that impact our business and to respond to issues and challenges. We must continue to focus on controlling costs while maintaining safety, reliability and customer satisfaction and complying with applicable standards and requirements, successfully manage our energy obligations and re-contract our open supply positions in response to changes in prices and demand, obtain approval of and execute our utility capital investment program, including our Clean Energy Future program and other investments that yield contemporaneous and reasonable risk-adjusted returns, while enhancing the resiliency of our infrastructure and maintaining the reliability of the service we provide to our customers.