Our discussion and analysis is intended to help the reader understand our results of operations and financial condition and is provided as an addition to, and should be read in connection with, our consolidated financial statements. We intend to continue to focus on becoming faster, stronger, and better by leveraging scale and technology in global markets across our operations. This includes continuing to focus on driving savings through holistic cost management to reinvest to succeed in the marketplace, developing and scaling core capabilities through technology, and building differentiated talent and culture. We continue to monitor changes in the retail landscape and to identify actions we may take to build our global e-commerce and digital capabilities, distribute our products effectively through all existing and emerging channels of trade, and potentially mitigate any unfavorable impacts on our future results. The 2019 productivity plan will leverage new technology and business models to further simplify, harmonize, and automate processes; re-engineer our go-to-market and information systems, including deploying the right automation for each market; and simplify our organization and optimize our manufacturing and supply chain footprint. We expect to incur pre-tax charges of approximately $2.5 billion in connection with this plan, which will enhance our operational flexibility and IT investment. Our risk management framework involves leveraging an integrated risk management framework to identify, assess, prioritize, address, manage, monitor, and communicate risks across the company's operations. The board of directors has oversight responsibility for the integrated risk management framework, including risks related to cybersecurity. We continue to monitor the economic, operating, and political environment in these markets closely and to identify actions to potentially mitigate any unfavorable impacts on our future results. We believe these priorities will position our company for long-term sustainable growth. Our operations are subject to various claims and contingencies related to lawsuits, certain taxes, and environmental matters, as well as commitments under contractual and other commercial obligations. We recognize liabilities for contingencies and commitments when a loss is probable and estimable. Our investment strategy includes the use of actively managed accounts and is reviewed periodically in conjunction with plan liabilities, an evaluation of market conditions, tolerance for risk, and cash requirements for benefit payments. We engage in a variety of research and development activities and continue to invest to accelerate growth and to drive innovation globally. We believe that our cash generating capability and financial condition, together with our revolving credit facilities, bridge loan facilities, working capital lines, and other available methods of debt financing, will be adequate to meet our operating, investing, and financing needs. We also expect to incur pre-tax charges of approximately $450 million and cash expenditures of approximately $400 million in our 2020 financial results, with the balance to be reflected in our 2021 through 2023 financial results. Our corporate audit department evaluates the ongoing effectiveness of our key internal controls through periodic audit and review procedures, which include assessing the impact of competitive operating, macroeconomic, and other factors to estimate future levels of sales, operating profit, or cash flows. We perform assessments of our counterparty credit risk regularly, including reviewing netting agreements and a review of credit ratings, credit default swap rates, and potential nonperformance of the counterparty. We believe that a brand has an indefinite life if it has a history of strong revenue and cash flow performance and we have the intent and ability to support the brand with marketplace spending for the foreseeable future.