We continue to invest in our products, markets, and brand, and embrace our commitments to our customers, shareholders, employees, and the communities where we do business. Our approach is concentrated on organically growing and deepening client relationships across our businesses that meet our risk/return measures. Leveraging technology to innovate and enhance products, services, security, and processes is a key strategic priority designed to enhance value over the long term. Our ability to manage and implement strategic business objectives within the changing regulatory environment and the execution of our strategic priorities are essential for success. Noninterest expense increased reflecting continued investments in our strategies, technology, and employees. Our retail banking strategy is to differentiate the customer experience and drive transformation and automation, with a key element being the expansion of digital capabilities. We have launched a national expansion strategy designed to grow customers with digitally-led banking and an ultra-thin branch network. The solution centers we opened provide a collaborative environment that connects our customers with our digital solutions and services. We continue to enhance the customer experience with refinements to product and service offerings that drive value for consumers and small businesses. Our corporate & institutional banking strategy aims to grow market share and drive higher returns by delivering value-added solutions that help clients better run their organizations. The treasury management business provides payables, receivables, deposit and account services, liquidity and investments, and online and mobile banking products and services to our clients. We actively monitor and balance the relationship between rates paid and the overall profitability of our deposit balances. Our technology enhancements supported increased residential mortgage origination volume, and we enhanced the home equity origination process to make it easier to reach additional customers. We are focused on meeting the financial needs of our customers by providing a broad range of liquidity, banking, and investment products. Our enterprise risk management framework is structurally aligned with enhanced prudential standards that establish minimum requirements for the design and implementation of a risk management framework. Our risk appetite represents the organization's desired enterprise risk position, set within our capital-based risk and liquidity capacity to achieve our strategic objectives and business plans. We design risk management processes to help manage risks inherent in our businesses, including effective use of systems and controls, third-party insurance, derivatives, and capital management techniques. Our operational risk management framework is designed to provide effective and consistent management of operational risk, enabling us to understand our operational risks and manage them to the desired risk profile in line with our risk appetite. We utilize operational risk management programs within the framework, including risk control and self-assessments, scenario analysis, and internal and external loss event review and analysis, to assess existing risks, determine potential/emerging risks, and evaluate the effectiveness of internal controls. Our information security component is responsible for protecting information assets to achieve business objectives, which includes cyber security. PNC's cyber security program is designed to identify risks to sensitive information, protect that information, detect threats and events, and maintain an appropriate response and recovery capability to help ensure resilience against information security incidents.