Our centralized information networks, national telephone and online reservation system, the brand name "public storage," and our economies of scale enable us to meet challenges effectively. In order to enhance the competitive position of certain of our facilities relative to local competitors, we have commenced a comprehensive program to rebrand our properties, to develop more pronounced, attractive, and clearly identifiable color schemes and signage, as well as to upgrade the configuration and layout of the offices and other customer zones to improve the customer experience. This program has initially been concentrated in properties located in a limited number of markets. The extent to which we continue this program in additional markets, and the relative scope of work, will depend in part upon the results of the initial implementation of the program. Our self-storage operations generate most of our net income, and we believe that our earnings growth is most impacted by the level of organic growth in our existing self-storage portfolio. We plan on growing through the acquisition and development of new facilities and expanding our existing self-storage facilities. We expect to continue to seek additional development projects; however, the level of such activity may be limited due to various constraints such as difficulty in finding available sites that meet our risk-adjusted yield expectations, as well as challenges in obtaining building permits for self-storage activities in certain municipalities. We believe that our development and redevelopment activities generate favorable risk-adjusted returns over the long run. However, in the short run, our earnings are diluted during the construction and stabilization period due to the cost of capital to fund the development cost, as well as the related construction and development overhead expenses included in general and administrative expense. We are making investments in energy-saving technology such as solar power and LED lights which should generate favorable returns on investment in the form of lower utility usage. We expect continued increases in marketing expenses due primarily to higher internet advertising spending, as we have sought to attract more customers for our space and cost per click for keyword search terms increased due to more keyword bidding competition from existing self-storage owners and operators. Allocated overhead represents administrative expenses for shared general corporate functions to the extent their efforts are devoted to self-storage operations. Such functions include information technology support, hardware, and software, as well as centralized administration of payroll, benefits, training, repairs and maintenance, customer service, pricing and marketing, operational accounting and finance, and legal costs. We expect our capital needs to increase over the next year as we add projects to our development pipeline and acquire additional properties. We believe that our geographic diversification and scale across substantially all major metropolitan markets in the U.S. provides some insulation from localized economic effects and enhances the stability of our cash flows. We have a development pipeline to develop new self-storage facilities and expand existing self-storage facilities, which will add approximately 4.4 million net rentable square feet at a cost of $619.2 million. We have been impacted by a tight labor market across the country, as well as increases in minimum wages in certain jurisdictions. We expect inflationary increases in wage rates and increased headcount in 2020. The increase in net operating income of $27.5 million for the non-same store facilities is due primarily to the impact of facilities acquired in 2018 and 2019 and the fill-up of recently developed and expanded facilities.