The performance of our business generally depends on our ability to obtain contracts with customers and to effectively deliver the services provided under those contracts. Our customers include many of the leading companies in the industries we serve, and we endeavor to develop and maintain strategic alliances and preferred service provider status with our customers. Utilities are investing significant capital in their electric power delivery systems, particularly transmission, substation, and distribution infrastructure, through multi-year, multi-billion dollar grid modernization and reliability programs, which have provided, and are expected to continue to provide, demand for our services. In order to reliably and efficiently deliver power, and in response to federal reliability standards, utilities are also integrating smart grid technologies into distribution systems in order to improve grid management and create efficiencies, and in preparation for emerging technologies such as electric vehicles. We believe there are growth opportunities across the industries we serve and continue to have a positive long-term outlook. We expect demand for electricity in North America to grow over the long term and believe that certain segments of the North American electric power grid are not adequate to efficiently serve the power needs of the future. The favorable characteristics of natural gas also position the United States as a leading competitor in the global LNG export market, which has the potential to continue to grow over the coming years as approved and proposed LNG export facilities are developed. Our ability to capitalize on available opportunities is limited by our ability to employ, train, and retain the necessary skilled personnel, and we are taking proactive steps to develop our workforce, including through strategic relationships with universities, the military, and unions. We continue to evaluate opportunities that are expected to broaden our customer base, expand our geographic area of operations, and grow and diversify our portfolio of services. Our integrated operations and common administrative support for operating units require that certain allocations be made to determine segment profitability, including allocations of shared and indirect costs. The increase in revenues was primarily due to increased customer spending on smaller transmission and distribution services, including increased revenues in the western United States associated with grid modernization and accelerated fire hardening programs. The increase in segment operating income was primarily attributable to the increase in revenues from smaller transmission and distribution services described above, including increased customer spending on fire hardening programs, as well as growth in our communications operations. We believe that several existing, pending, or proposed legislative or regulatory actions may alleviate certain of these issues and positively impact long-term demand, particularly in connection with electric power infrastructure and renewable energy spending. Our services are typically provided pursuant to master service agreements, repair and maintenance contracts, and fixed price and non-fixed price installation contracts. We report our results under two reportable segments: electric power infrastructure services and pipeline and industrial infrastructure services. Our methodology for determining backlog may not be comparable to the methodologies used by other companies. We believe this measure enables management to more effectively forecast our future capital needs and results and better identify future operating trends that may not otherwise be apparent. We expect substantial capital expenditures and commitments under equipment lease and rental arrangements to be needed into the foreseeable future in order to meet anticipated demand for our services. Our working capital needs may increase when we commence large volumes of work under circumstances where project costs, primarily labor, equipment, and subcontractors, are required to be paid before the associated receivables are billed and collected.