The discussion under this caption includes forward-looking statements regarding business and industry prospects or future results of operations or financial position. We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. Our management team is goal motivated, and our aim, through this program, is to establish clear, simple, and ambitious targets that will motivate our people and drive superior results. The strategies that we will employ to achieve the goals of the program are consistent with our ongoing operating strategies. We continuously consider opportunities to enter into contracts for the building of additional ships and may also consider the sale of ships or the purchase of existing ships. We believe our most critical accounting policies are as follows: we employ a cost allocation methodology at the component level, in order to support the estimated weighted-average useful lives and residual values, as well as to determine the net cost basis of assets being replaced. We utilize a variety of operational and financial metrics which are defined to evaluate our performance and financial condition. The addition of new vessels to the fleet, the consolidation of silversea cruises, perfect day at cococay, and our miami terminal operation also contributed to our year-over-year revenue growth. We believe these non-GAAP measures provide expanded insight to measure revenue and cost performance in addition to the standard GAAP based financial measures. Our management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is organized to present a review of our critical accounting policies and of our financial presentation, including discussion of certain operational and financial metrics we utilize to assist us in managing our business. We have implemented several measures restricting the boarding of certain at-risk guests and crew on our ships, which are having an impact on the demand for cruises and causing travel restrictions, guest cancellations, an unavailability of ports and/or destinations, ship redeployments, and an inability to source our crew, provisions, or supplies from certain places. We utilize a variety of operational and financial metrics which are defined below to evaluate our performance and financial condition. We have historically relied on a combination of cash flows provided by operations, drawdowns under our available credit facilities, and our commercial paper program, the incurrence of additional debt and/or the refinancing of our existing debt and the issuance of additional shares of equity securities to fund these obligations. The cash received as advance receipts can be used to fund operating expenses for the applicable future sailing or otherwise, pay down our revolving credit facilities and commercial paper, invest in long-term investments, or any other use of cash. We expect that we will continue to have working capital deficits in the future. We have significant contractual obligations of which our debt service obligations and the capital expenditures associated with our ship purchases represent our largest funding needs. The increase in cash provided by operating activities was primarily attributable to an increase in proceeds from customer deposits and an increase in cash receipts from onboard spending. The increase in cash provided by operating activities was primarily attributable to an increase in proceeds from customer deposits, an increase in cash receipts from onboard spending, and a decrease in fuel costs in 2018 compared to 2017.