Our ability to generate profits and to generate positive cash flow from operations over the next several years depends significantly on the continued success in commercializing Eylea and Dupixent. We expect to continue to incur substantial expenses related to our research and development activities, a portion of which we expect to be reimbursed by our collaborators. The scope and progress of our research and development efforts, the timing of certain expenses, and the continuation of our collaborations, in particular with Sanofi and Bayer, including our share of collaboration profits or losses from sales of commercialized products, will impact our financial results. We have entered into various agreements related to our activities to research, develop, manufacture, and commercialize product candidates and utilize our technology platforms. Our financial condition is summarized as follows: the amount required to fund operations will depend on various factors, including revenues from net product sales, the potential regulatory approval and commercialization of our product candidates, and the status of competitive products. The lengthy process of seeking FDA and other applicable approvals, and subsequent compliance with applicable statutes and regulations, require the expenditure of substantial resources. We believe that our existing capital resources, borrowing availability under the credit facility, and funds generated by anticipated Eylea and Dupixent net product sales will enable us to meet our anticipated operating needs for the foreseeable future. We anticipate continuing to incur substantial commercialization costs for Eylea, Dupixent, and Libtayo. Commercialization costs over the next few years will depend on the market potential for product candidates, whether commercialization costs are shared with a collaborator, and regulatory approval of additional product candidates. Under our antibody and IO collaborations with Sanofi and our collaboration with Bayer for Eylea outside the United States, we and our collaborator share profits and losses in connection with commercialization of drug products. If the applicable collaboration is profitable, we have contingent contractual obligations to reimburse Sanofi and Bayer for a defined percentage of agreed-upon development expenses funded by them. These reimbursements are deducted from our share of the collaboration profits. The determination to capitalize inventory costs is based on various factors, including status and expectations of the regulatory approval process, any known safety or efficacy concerns, and potential labeling restrictions. Our financial results may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and will depend on various factors, including the net sales of our marketed products and the amount of income tax expense we incur, which is partly dependent on the profits or losses we earn in each of the countries in which we operate. We expect to incur substantial costs related to the commercialization of Eylea, Dupixent, and Libtayo. Our research and development activities outside our collaborations, the costs of which are not reimbursed, are expected to expand and require additional resources. The critical accounting estimates that impact our consolidated financial statements are described below. The preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and related disclosures in the financial statements. Management believes the current assumptions used to estimate amounts reflected in our consolidated financial statements are appropriate. However, if actual experience differs from the assumptions used in estimating amounts reflected in our consolidated financial statements, the resulting changes could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.