We pursue consistent and sustainable growth in earnings and cash flow by emphasizing continuous improvement in the operating performance of our existing businesses and by acquiring other carefully selected businesses. Our acquisitions have represented both new strategic platforms and additions to existing businesses. The growth in organic revenues was due primarily to broad-based revenue growth across the segment, led by businesses serving government contracting, professional services, legal and healthcare markets. The resulting operating margin was 25.5% in the year ended December 31, 2019 as compared to 24.6% in the year ended December 31, 2018. The growth in organic revenues was due to broad-based revenue growth across the segment led by our network software businesses serving the transportation, healthcare and food markets. The resulting operating margin was 35.2% in the year ended December 31, 2019 as compared to 36.0% in the year ended December 31, 2018. The decrease in organic revenues was due primarily to lower demand at our businesses serving upstream oil and gas end markets. The fair value for customer relationships is determined as of the acquisition date using the excess earnings method. Under this methodology, the fair value is determined based on the estimated future after-tax cash flows arising from the acquired customer relationships over their estimated lives after considering customer attrition and contributory asset charges. We evaluate whether there has been an impairment of identifiable intangible assets with definite useful economic lives, or of the remaining life of such assets, when certain indicators of impairment are present. The assessment of fair value for impairment purposes requires significant judgments to be made by management. Although our forecasts are based on assumptions that are considered reasonable by management and consistent with the plans and estimates management uses to operate the underlying businesses, there is significant judgment in determining the expected results attributable to the businesses and/or reporting units. We expect the aggregate of capital expenditures and capitalized software expenditures as a percentage of annual net revenues to be between 1.0% and 1.5%. Our effective income tax rate was 20.6% as compared to our 2018 rate of 21.2%. The decrease was due primarily to the recognition of a discrete tax benefit in connection with a foreign restructuring plan allowing the future realization of net operating losses. We may also explore alternatives to attract additional capital resources. We anticipate that our businesses will generate positive cash flows from operating activities, and that these cash flows will permit the reduction of currently outstanding debt in accordance with the repayment schedule. However, the rate at which we can reduce our debt during 2020 will be affected by the financing and operating requirements of any new acquisitions and the financial performance of our existing companies. The increase in income taxes payable is due primarily to the approximately $200.0 of taxes incurred on the gain associated with the divestiture of Gatan. We expect to pay these taxes in the second quarter of 2020. The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires the use of estimates, assumptions, judgments and interpretations that can affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. The development of accounting estimates is the responsibility of our management. Our management discusses those areas that require significant judgments with the audit committee of our board of directors. The audit committee has reviewed all financial disclosures in our annual filings with the SEC.