In fiscal 2019, net interest income improved primarily due to higher capitalized interest on information systems projects. Our capital expenditures include costs for various other expenditures related to our information technology systems, buying, and corporate offices. The increase in capital expenditures in fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018 was primarily due to investments in our distribution centers and information technology infrastructure investments for our stores, buying, corporate offices, and transportation. We expect to fund capital expenditures with available cash, including cash we obtained by drawing from our revolving credit facility, and cash flows from operations. Our primary ongoing cash requirements are for merchandise inventory purchases, payroll, operating and variable lease costs, taxes, and capital expenditures in connection with new and existing stores, and investments in distribution centers, information systems, and buying and corporate offices. We also evaluate our current store locations and determine store closures based on similar criteria. We intend to address the competitive climate for off-price apparel and home goods by pursuing and refining our existing strategies and by continuing to strengthen our merchant organization, diversify our merchandise mix, and more fully develop our systems to improve our merchandise offerings. We are monitoring the situation and will reopen stores as conditions permit; however, extended or further closures may be required nationally, regionally, or in specific locations. Given the unprecedented uncertainty of this situation, including the unknown duration and severity of the pandemic, we are unable to forecast the full impact on our business; however, we now expect that impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic and the related economic disruption will have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations, consolidated financial position, and consolidated cash flows in fiscal 2020. We are reviewing and reducing our capital expenditure plans for fiscal 2020. Our capital expenditures would be to fund commitments related to the construction of our Brookshire, Texas distribution center, costs for fixtures and leasehold improvements to open planned new Ross and dd's discounts stores, investments in certain information technology systems, and for various other needed expenditures related to our stores, distribution centers, buying, and corporate offices. We have temporarily closed all store locations effective March 20, 2020 through April 3, 2020, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. We are monitoring the situation and will reopen stores as conditions permit; however, extended or further closures may be required nationally, regionally, or in specific locations. We cannot be sure that our strategies and store expansion program will result in a continuation of sales growth or in an increase in net earnings. We expect to carefully monitor and manage our cash position in light of ongoing conditions and levels of operations. We began fiscal 2020 with $1.4 billion in cash and cash equivalents. To preserve our financial liquidity, we are temporarily suspending our stock repurchase program. Our expansion strategy is to open additional stores based on market penetration, local demographic characteristics, competition, expected store profitability, and the ability to leverage overhead expenses. We continually evaluate opportunistic real estate acquisitions and opportunities for potential new store locations. The COVID-19 pandemic and related economic disruptions are creating significant uncertainty and challenges. We believe that existing cash balances, cash flows from operations, bank credit lines, and trade credit are adequate to meet our near-term operating cash needs and capital investments; further prolonged and extensive temporary store closures may require access to additional corporate credit markets.