In January 2018, we eliminated certain positions following the consolidation of select back-office functions, including but not limited to the integration of our national accounts support functions into our existing corporate support functions. These changes include a reduction in administrative staffing and the closure of certain office locations. During 2019, we incurred restructuring charges of $14.2 million that primarily related to the redesign of our back-office software systems. We believe that presenting adjusted pre-tax income, adjusted net income, and adjusted diluted earnings per share, which are not measures determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP, provides an understanding of operational activities before the financial impact of certain items. We use these measures, and believe investors will find them helpful, in understanding the ongoing performance of our operations separate from items that have a disproportionate impact on our results for a particular period. Our definitions of adjusted pre-tax income, adjusted net income, and adjusted diluted earnings per share may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. We are committed to an efficient capital structure, maintaining our investment grade credit ratings and increasing cash returned to our shareholders. Our team remains focused on executing our strategy to deliver consistent earnings and free cash flow growth, and improve return on invested capital. We expect to incur additional restructuring charges primarily related to the redesign of our back-office software systems. Our corporate entities include legal, tax, treasury, information technology, risk management, human resources, closed landfills, and other administrative functions. We strive to have a number one or number two market position in each of the markets we serve, or have a clear path on how we will achieve a leading market position over time. Where we cannot establish a leading market position, or where operations are not generating acceptable returns, we may decide to divest certain assets and reallocate resources to other markets. Our corporate entities operating loss increased from $359.6 million for 2018 to $408.8 million for 2019, primarily due to a lower gain on the disposition of assets in 2019 compared to the same period in 2018. We recorded a net gain on business divestitures, net of asset impairments of $14.7 million and $44.9 million for 2019 and 2018, respectively. We expect to spend an estimated additional $9.5 billion on existing landfills, primarily related to cell construction and environmental structures, over their remaining lives. Our total expected investment, excluding non-depletable land, is estimated to be $13.4 billion, or $2.68 per cubic yard, used in determining our depletion and amortization expense based on airspace consumed using the units-of-consumption method. We have deferred tax assets related to state net operating loss carryforwards with an estimated tax effect of approximately $111 million available as of December 31, 2019. We believe that it is more likely than not that the benefit from some of our state net operating loss carryforwards will not be realized due to limitations on these loss carryforwards in certain states. Our effective income tax rate was 17.1% and 21.5% for 2019 and 2018, respectively. We have incurred comparable charges and costs in prior periods, and similar types of adjustments can reasonably be expected to be recorded in future periods. We expect to continue to focus on managing the controllable aspects of our business by enhancing the quality of our revenue, investing in profitable growth opportunities, and reducing costs.