The administrative segment's SG&A increased by $32.6 million primarily due to increased investments in information systems and increased compensation, including stock-based compensation. Capital expenditures during 2019 in the Americas Group were primarily attributable to the opening of new paint stores and renovation and improvements in existing stores. In the Consumer Brands Group and the Performance Coatings Group, capital expenditures during 2019 were primarily attributable to improvements and normal equipment replacements in manufacturing and distribution facilities. The administrative segment incurred capital expenditures primarily for information systems hardware. The plans are contingent upon completion of standard due diligence, approvals of economic development incentives and other matters at the state, county and city levels, and resolution of business and legal matters that accompany such major real estate investment projects. The company expects to spend more than 2019 for capital expenditures, with a predominant share expected to be for various productivity improvement and maintenance projects at existing manufacturing, distribution and research and development facilities, new store openings, new or upgraded information systems hardware, and the new global headquarters and R&D center in Ohio. The company has not made any decisions regarding the disposition of the company's current Cleveland-area headquarters and R&D centers, which are all owned by the company. The company believes it may be exposed to continuing market risk from foreign currency exchange rate and commodity price fluctuations. However, the company does not expect that foreign currency exchange rate and commodity price fluctuations or hedging contract losses will have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. The company is involved with environmental investigation and remediation activities at some of its currently and formerly owned sites, including sites which were previously owned and/or operated by businesses acquired by the company. The company continuously assesses its potential liability for investigation and remediation-related activities and adjusts its environmental-related accruals as information becomes available upon which more accurate costs can be reasonably estimated and as additional accounting guidelines are issued. The company conducts its operations in compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations and has implemented various programs designed to protect the environment and promote continued compliance. The company has certain obligations and commitments to make future payments under contractual obligations and commercial commitments. The company offers product warranties for certain products, and management periodically assesses the adequacy of the accrual for product warranty claims and adjusts the accrual as necessary. The company recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The judgments and estimates made at a point in time may change based on the outcome of tax audits, expiration of statutes of limitations, as well as changes to, or further interpretations of, tax laws and regulations. The company recognizes each plan's funded status as an asset for overfunded plans and as a liability for unfunded or underfunded plans. The amounts recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss will continue to be modified as actuarial assumptions and service costs change, and all such amounts will be amortized to expense over a period of years through the net pension and net periodic benefit costs. The company is subject to a variety of claims and lawsuits, including, but not limited to, litigation relating to product liability and warranty, personal injury, environmental, intellectual property, commercial, contractual and antitrust claims. Management believes that the company has properly accrued for all known liabilities that existed and those where a loss was deemed probable for which a fair value was available or an amount could be reasonably estimated in accordance with US GAAP.