We generate the majority of our lease income from retail, dining, entertainment, and other tenants including consideration received from variable lease consideration primarily based on tenants' sales, as well as reimbursements for real estate taxes, utilities, marketing, and certain other items. We seek growth in earnings, funds from operations, or FFO, and cash flows by enhancing the profitability and operation of our properties and investments. We focus on high quality real estate across the retail real estate spectrum. We expand or redevelop properties to enhance profitability and market share of existing assets when we believe the investment of our capital meets our risk-reward criteria. We routinely review and evaluate acquisition opportunities based on their ability to enhance our portfolio. Our international strategy includes partnering with established real estate companies and financing international investments with local currency to minimize foreign exchange risk. We employ a three-fold capital strategy: provide the capital necessary to fund growth, maintain sufficient flexibility to access capital in many forms, both public and private, and manage our overall financial structure in a fashion that preserves our investment grade credit ratings. We believe we have sufficient cash on hand and availability under the credit facilities and the commercial paper program to address our debt maturities and capital needs through 2020. We expect to generate positive cash flow from operations in 2020, and we consider these projected cash flows in our sources and uses of cash. These cash flows are principally derived from rents paid by our tenants. A significant deterioration in projected cash flows from operations could cause us to increase our reliance on available funds from the credit facilities and commercial paper program, curtail planned capital expenditures, or seek other additional sources of financing. We routinely incur costs related to construction for significant redevelopment and expansion projects at our properties. Our share of the costs of all new development, redevelopment, and expansion projects currently under construction is approximately $1.8 billion. We expect to fund these capital projects with cash flows from operations. Our estimated stabilized return on invested capital typically ranges between 7-10% for all our new development, redevelopment, and expansion projects. We typically reinvest net cash flow from our international joint ventures to fund future international development activity. We have also funded most of our foreign investments with local currency-denominated borrowings that act as a natural hedge against fluctuations in exchange rates. We expect our share of international development costs for 2020 will be approximately $211 million, primarily funded through reinvested joint venture cash flow and construction loans. We consider FFO, net operating income, or NOI, portfolio NOI and comparable property NOI to be key measures of operating performance that are not specifically defined by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, or GAAP. We use these measures internally to evaluate the operating performance of our portfolio and provide a basis for comparison with other real estate companies. Our financing strategy relies primarily on long-term fixed rate debt. We derive most of our liquidity from positive net cash flow from operations and distributions of capital from unconsolidated entities that totaled $4.0 billion in the aggregate during 2019. We believe that these non-GAAP measures are helpful to investors because they are widely recognized measures of the performance of REITs and provide a relevant basis for comparison among REITs. Our business model and Simon's status as a REIT require us to regularly access the debt markets to raise funds for acquisition, development, and redevelopment activity, and to refinance maturing debt. We may also, from time to time, access the equity capital markets to accomplish our business objectives.