In 2018, we set out to simplify Sempra Energy's business model and sharpen our focus on building North America's premier energy infrastructure company. Our operational and financial results reflect our focus on executing this strategy. The California utilities received a constructive final GRC decision for the 2019 revenue requirement and attrition year adjustments for 2020 and 2021. We supported Oncor's acquisition of InfraREIT and acquired an indirect 50% interest in Sharyland Holdings in Texas. The increase in earnings in 2019 primarily represents higher equity earnings from Oncor Holdings, driven by the impact of Oncor's acquisition of InfraREIT and higher revenues due to rate updates to reflect increases in invested transmission capital. Sempra Renewables sold its remaining wind assets and investments in April 2019, upon which date the segment ceased to exist. We entered into agreements to sell our equity interests in our South American businesses, which were previously included in our Sempra South American Utilities segment, and expect those sales to close in the first half of 2020. Our discussions below exclude discontinued operations, unless otherwise noted. The increase in capital expenditures and investments is primarily driven by the need to enhance operational efficiency and support business innovation. We expect to make capital expenditures and investments of approximately $22.8 billion from 2020 through 2024, which will support our strategic resource allocation and operational flexibility. Our ability to finance these capital expenditures is contingent on regulatory approvals and market conditions. The California utilities manage their capital structure and pay dividends when appropriate and as approved by their respective boards of directors. We have significant investments in several trusts to provide for future payments of pensions and other postretirement benefits, and changes in asset values may impact funding requirements for pension and other postretirement benefit plans. Our capital expenditures and investments are subject to changes in regulation, economic conditions, competition, customer growth, inflation, customer rates, and the cost and availability of capital. The wildfire legislation established the wildfire fund to provide liquidity to SDG&E, PG&E, and Edison to pay IOU wildfire-related claims. The primary purpose of the wildfire fund is to pool resources provided by shareholders and ratepayers of the IOUs and make those resources available to reimburse the IOUs for third-party wildfire claims incurred after July 12, 2019. We expect Sempra Mexico and its unconsolidated JVs to make capital expenditures and investments of approximately $2.0 billion, which represents our proportionate ownership share. The development of the ECA LNG JV phase 1 and phase 2 projects is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including obtaining binding customer commitments, the receipt of permits and regulatory approvals, and negotiating commercial agreements. Sempra LNG is pursuing the development of five strategically located LNG projects in North America with a long-term goal of delivering natural gas to the largest world markets. The ability to successfully complete major construction projects is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including unforeseen engineering challenges, substantial construction delays, and increased costs. The development of the Port Arthur LNG liquefaction project is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including obtaining additional customer commitments and completing the required commercial agreements.