The following discussion may contain predictions, estimates, and other forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties, including those discussed under the heading entitled "risk factors." Our competitive strengths and execution of our value-driven operating strategy have historically resulted in improvements in gross profit and income from operations over the long term. We attempt to obtain profitable new business by using our technical expertise and application skill and our detailed knowledge of our customer base and the individual niche markets in which we operate. We have significant experience among our management team in executing acquisitions and integrating acquired businesses into our company and culture. The integration of certain acquisitions into our existing businesses combined with implementing our proven operating strategy has historically resulted in improvements in the financial performance of the acquired business. Our diversified revenue base reduces our dependence on any particular product, platform, or market channel and has been a significant factor in maintaining our financial performance. We believe our key competitive strengths include a large and growing installed product base with aftermarket revenue streams. Our business strategy is made up of two key elements: a value-driven operating strategy focused around our three core value drivers and a selective acquisition strategy. We are committed to maintaining and continuously improving our lean cost structure through detailed attention to the cost of each of the products that we offer and our organizational structure, with a focus on reducing the cost of each. The aerospace industry remains highly fragmented, with many of the companies in the industry being small private businesses or small non-core operations of larger businesses. We believe that the niche nature of our markets, the industry's stringent regulatory and certification requirements, the large number of products that we sell, and the investments necessary to develop and certify products create potential disincentives to competition for certain products. Our selective acquisition strategy has also contributed to the growth of our business. We expect to continue to develop new products for military and commercial applications. The application of our three core value-driven operating strategies and positive leverage on our fixed overhead costs spread over a higher production volume resulted in an increase in gross profit. The increase in organic sales is primarily related to an increase in defense sales, commercial OEM sales, and commercial aftermarket sales. We expect our efforts will continue to generate strong margins and provide more than sufficient cash provided by operating activities to meet our interest obligations and liquidity needs. Our capital expenditures incurred from year to year are primarily for projects that are consistent with our three core value-driven operating strategies. We continually evaluate our debt facilities to assess whether they most efficiently and effectively meet the current and future needs of our business. We believe our cash provided by operating activities and available borrowing capacity will enable us to make strategic business combinations, pay dividends to our shareholders, and/or make opportunistic investments in our own stock. The company utilizes letters of credit to back certain payment and performance obligations, which are subject to limits based on amounts outstanding under the company's revolving credit facility. The company has borrowed under the securitization facility, which effectively increases the company's borrowing capacity depending on the amount of the domestic operations' trade accounts receivable. The company expects to complete the sale of souriau-sunbank and receive approximately $920 million in gross cash proceeds from the sale. The company will use a portion of the net proceeds from the offering of the notes to redeem all of its outstanding senior subordinated notes.