Over the last several years, we have made strategic investments to build a durable operating and financial model that further differentiates Target and is designed to drive sustainable sales and profit growth. We have expanded our digital fulfillment capabilities, which elevate the shopping experience and give our guests new reasons to choose Target. During 2019, over 70% of our comparable digital sales growth was driven by same-day fulfillment options: order pickup, drive up, and delivery via our wholly owned subsidiary, Shipt. We believe that our ability to successfully differentiate our guests' shopping experience through a careful combination of merchandise assortment, price, convenience, guest experience, and other factors will over the long term drive both increasing shopping frequency and the amount spent each visit. Our stores fulfill the majority of digitally originated sales, including shipment from stores to guests, store order pick up or drive up, and delivery via Shipt. We expect capital expenditures in 2020 of approximately $3.5 billion as we continue the current store remodel program, open additional small-format stores, and accelerate investments in our supply chain. Our investment strategy is focused on elevating the shopping experiences and winning with high-touch service. We monitor the percentage of purchases that are paid for using Redcards because our internal analysis has indicated that a meaningful portion of incremental purchases on our Redcards are also incremental sales for Target. We believe our sources of liquidity will continue to be adequate to maintain operations, finance anticipated expansion and strategic initiatives, fund debt maturities, pay dividends, and execute purchases under our share repurchase programs for the foreseeable future. Our ability to access the long-term debt and commercial paper markets has provided us with ample sources of liquidity. Our continued access to these markets depends on multiple factors, including the condition of debt capital markets, our operating performance, and maintaining strong credit ratings. We expect that comparable sales growth will drive the majority of our total sales growth. We have completed over 700 remodels since the launch of the current program in 2017, and expect to maintain our pace of approximately 300 remodels in 2020. We also expect to continue to invest in new store leases. We believe that the increase in digital channel sales, which increased 29 percent, contributes significantly to our comparable sales growth. Our investment policy is designed to preserve principal and liquidity of our short-term investments. We have also disclosed after-tax return on invested capital, which we believe is useful in assessing the effectiveness of our capital allocation over time. Our operating cash flow provided by continuing operations was $7,099 million in 2019 compared with $5,970 million in 2018, primarily driven by higher net earnings and a reduction in inventory during 2019. We have invested significantly in our team, including a $13 starting hourly wage with a commitment to $15 by the end of 2020. The collective interaction of a broad array of macroeconomic, competitive, and consumer behavioral factors, as well as sales mix, and transfer of sales to new stores makes further analysis of sales metrics infeasible. We believe that our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and business process understanding to further organizational goals.