The company has insurance operations in Canada, the United Kingdom, the Republic of Ireland, and throughout other parts of the world, primarily through joint ventures. The company’s total investments were $77.88 billion, with fixed maturities and short-term securities comprising 94% of total investments. The company employs a thoughtful investment philosophy that focuses on appropriate risk-adjusted returns, and the investment portfolio is managed to support its insurance operations, ensuring sufficient liquidity to cover fluctuations in projected liability cash flows. The company utilizes various analyses and methods, including proprietary and third-party computer modeling processes, to make underwriting and reinsurance decisions designed to manage its exposure to catastrophic events. The company actively monitors and evaluates changes in third-party models and calibrates the catastrophe risk model estimates delivered via its proprietary modeling processes. The company’s investment strategy is to purchase tranches that are expected to offer the most favorable return given the assessment of associated risks. The company’s investment portfolio has benefited from certain tax exemptions and other tax laws, including those governing dividends-received deductions and tax credits. The company’s liquidity requirements are met primarily by funds generated from premiums, fees, and income received on investments. The company expects retention levels to remain strong by historical standards and anticipates that domestic renewal premium changes for 2020 will remain positive. The company’s underwriting gain/loss can be significantly impacted by catastrophe losses and net favorable or unfavorable prior year reserve development, as well as underlying underwriting margins. The company expects that for 2020, the underlying underwriting margin will be higher, and the underlying combined ratio will be lower than in 2019, assuming the anticipated impacts of earned pricing in excess of loss cost trends. The company has significant discretion in making contributions above those necessary to satisfy minimum funding requirements for its qualified pension plan. The company’s effective tax rate was lower than the respective statutory rate in both 2019 and 2018, primarily due to the impact of tax-exempt investment income. The company’s capital position is strong, and it expects to continue to return capital not needed to support its business operations to shareholders. The company’s management believes that the insurance subsidiaries’ future liquidity needs will be adequately met from various sources. The company’s investment portfolio is positioned to meet obligations to policyholders, with the primary goals of the asset-liability management process being to satisfy insurance liabilities and maintain sufficient liquidity. The company continually evaluates its investment alternatives and mix, focusing on maintaining a high-quality investment portfolio and a relatively short average effective duration. The company’s management believes that the reserves carried for asbestos and environmental claims are appropriately established based on known facts, current law, and management's judgment, although uncertainties surrounding the final resolution of these claims continue. The company’s overall view of the current underlying asbestos environment remains unchanged, and it continues to study the implications of emerging issues, including changing climate conditions, to assess potential changes to its modeling and underwriting strategies.