We invest in manufacturing technologies and do most of our manufacturing in-house. This strategic decision to directly control our manufacturing helps ensure a consistent supply of products for our customers and also allows us to invest in technology that differentiates the features of our products. Our web presence and global sales and applications team are advantages that give us unique access and insight to about 100,000 customers designing TI semiconductors into their end products. Our strategic focus, and where we invest the majority of our resources, is on analog and embedded processing, with a particular emphasis on designing and selling those products into the industrial and automotive markets. We believe these markets represent the best growth opportunities over the next decade or longer, due to increasing semiconductor content. Additionally, analog and embedded processing products sold into industrial and automotive markets provide long product life cycles, intrinsic diversity and less capital-intensive manufacturing, which we believe offer stability, profitability and strong cash generation. Our strategy is to return all free cash flow to shareholders. Our dividends represented 52% of free cash flow, underscoring their sustainability. Our focus on analog and embedded processing allows us to generate strong cash flow from operations. Our cash flow from operations of $6.65 billion underscored the strength of our business model. The combined effect of our ambitions, business model and sustainable competitive advantages is that we have continued to build a stronger company. Together, these products and markets represent highly diverse opportunities with thousands of applications and long-term growth potential. Our results of operations discussed below provides details of our financial results for 2019 and 2018 and year-to-year comparisons between 2019 and 2018. Our segments represent groups of similar products that are combined on the basis of similar design and development requirements, product characteristics, manufacturing processes and distribution channels, and how management allocates resources and measures results. We believe we have the necessary financial resources and operating plans to fund our working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividend and debt-related payments, and other business requirements for at least the next 12 months. Our primary source of liquidity is cash flow from operations. We use "annual operating tax rate" to describe the estimated annual effective tax rate, as explained further in the non-GAAP financial information section. We believe that free cash flow and the associated ratios provide insight into our liquidity, our cash-generating capability and the amount of cash potentially available to return to shareholders, as well as insight into our financial performance. We consider the following accounting policies to be those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and that require a higher degree of judgment. Our business model is designed around the following four sustainable competitive advantages that we believe, in combination, put us in a unique class of companies. The breadth of our portfolio means we can meet more of these needs than our competitors can, which gives us access to more customers and the opportunity to sell more products and generate more revenue per customer system. Our strategic focus is on analog and embedded processing, with a particular emphasis on designing and selling those products into the industrial and automotive markets. We have focused on creating a competitive manufacturing cost advantage by investing in our advanced analog 300-millimeter capacity, which has about a 40% cost advantage per unpackaged chip over 200-millimeter. Our strategic decision to directly control our manufacturing helps ensure a consistent supply of products for our customers and also allows us to invest in technology that differentiates the features of our products.