UnitedHealth Group leverages core competencies in data analytics and health information; advanced technology; and clinical expertise, which are deployed within two distinct, but strategically aligned, business platforms: health benefits operating under UnitedHealthcare and health services operating under Optum. The health care market continues to change based on demographic shifts, new regulations, political forces, and both payer and patient expectations, necessitating health plans and care providers to work together to close gaps in care and improve overall care quality, improve the health of populations, and reduce costs. We work together with clinicians to leverage our data and analytics to provide the necessary information to close gaps in care and improve overall health outcomes for patients. Our contracts with value-based elements totaled $79 billion in annual spending, including $20 billion through risk-transfer agreements, indicating a trend creating needs for health management services that can coordinate care around the primary care physician and for investments in new clinical and administrative information and management systems, which we believe provide growth opportunities for our Optum business platform. We continue seeking to balance growth and profitability across various dimensions, including product positioning, price competitiveness, and environmental, competitive, legislative, and regulatory considerations. The ongoing Medicare Advantage funding pressure places continued importance on effective medical management and ongoing improvements in administrative efficiency. We continue to take a prudent, market-sustainable posture for both new business and maintenance of existing relationships, advocating for actuarially sound rates that are commensurate with our medical cost trends. Our medical cost trends primarily relate to changes in unit costs, health system utilization, and prescription drug costs, which we endeavor to mitigate by engaging physicians and consumers with information and helping them make clinically sound choices. The delivery system and payment modernization efforts reflect our commitment to improving care quality and cost-efficiency, which are increasingly rewarded through incentive-based care provider payment models. We are dedicated to partnering with states committed to the long-term viability of their programs, which underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. Our ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is crucial in responding to changing business needs and directions. The integration of technology capabilities within our operational framework enhances our organizational effectiveness and supports our strategic resource allocation, ultimately contributing to improved business performance and market-based performance outcomes.