We continue to implement lean kaizen processes across our branch network, with the objectives of improving invoice accuracy and service quality and improving the effectiveness and efficiency of our repair and maintenance operations. Our strategy calls for the further optimization of our customer mix and fleet mix, with a dual objective to enhance our performance in serving our current customer base and to focus on the accounts and customer types that are best suited to our strategy for profitable growth. We believe these efforts will lead to even better service of our target accounts, primarily large construction and industrial customers, as well as select local contractors. Our fleet team's analyses are aligned with these objectives to identify trends in equipment categories and define action plans that can generate improved returns. We plan to open at least 25 specialty rental branches/tool hubs/onsite services locations in 2020 and continue to invest in specialty rental fleet to further position United Rentals as a single source provider of total jobsite solutions through our extensive product and service resources and technology offerings. We expect that the majority of our end markets will continue to experience solid demand for equipment rental services. Specifically, we expect that North American industry equipment rental revenue will increase approximately 3 percent, with similar growth expected in the U.S. and Canada. Our size gives us greater purchasing power, the ability to provide customers with a broader range of equipment and services, and the ability to enhance the earning potential of our assets by transferring equipment among branches to satisfy customer needs. We have executed a strategy focused on improving the profitability of our core equipment rental business through revenue growth, margin expansion, and operational efficiencies. The trench, power and fluid solutions segment includes the locations acquired in the July 2018 Bakercorp acquisition. We expect that the margins at the acquired locations will increase as we realize synergies following the acquisition. We monitor the trench, power and fluid solutions segment margin variances and confirm the expectation of future convergence on a quarterly basis. The rental industry is cyclical, and we expect margin convergence going forward given the cyclical nature of the rental industry. Our revenues are derived from various sources, including equipment rentals, sales of rental equipment, and service and other revenues. We believe that our existing sources of cash will be sufficient to support our existing operations over the next 12 months. We manage our liquidity using internal cash management practices, which are subject to the policies and cooperation of the financial institutions we utilize to maintain and provide cash management services. We also continue to pursue strategic acquisitions to expand our core equipment rental business, allowing us to invest our capital to further drive our ability to accomplish our strategic goals. The acquisitions of Bakercorp and Blueline have had significant impacts on our operations and financial performance, and we expect to leverage these acquisitions to enhance our operational capabilities and market position. Our strategic management practices focus on aligning our resources and capabilities to meet business needs and respond to market dynamics effectively.