The company invests with leading seniors housing operators, post-acute providers, and health systems to fund the real estate and infrastructure needed to scale innovative care delivery models and improve people's wellness and overall health care experience. Our capital programs, when combined with comprehensive planning, development, and property management services, make us a single-source solution for acquiring, planning, developing, managing, repositioning, and monetizing real estate assets. We seek to pay consistent cash dividends to stockholders and create opportunities to increase dividend payments to stockholders as a result of annual increases in net operating income and portfolio growth. To mitigate risks associated with our obligors/partners experiencing operating difficulties, we monitor our investments through various methods determined by the type of property, which includes reviewing monthly financial statements and other operating data, property inspections, and covenant compliance. Our internal property management division manages and monitors the outpatient medical portfolio with a comprehensive process that includes review of tenant relations, lease expirations, the mix of health service providers, hospital/health system relationships, property performance, capital improvement needs, and market conditions. We evaluate the operating environment in each property's market to determine the likely trend in operating performance of the facility. Our asset management process generally aims to intervene at an early stage to address any negative trends, supporting both the collectability of revenue and the value of our investment. We also aim to structure our relevant investments to mitigate payment risk, utilizing credit enhancements such as guarantees and letters of credit. Our investments generate cash from net operating income and principal payments on loans receivable. We continuously evaluate opportunities to finance future investments, which are generally funded from temporary borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility and commercial paper program, internally generated cash, and proceeds from investment dispositions. Our investments are evaluated using key performance indicators that relate to operating performance, credit strength, and concentration risk, facilitating internal and external comparisons to historical operating results and aiding in operating decisions and budget planning. Management regularly monitors economic and other factors to develop strategic and tactical plans designed to improve performance and maximize our competitive position. Our ability to achieve financial objectives is dependent upon effectively executing these plans and appropriately responding to emerging economic and company-specific trends. We believe that net income and net income attributable to common stockholders are the most appropriate earnings measures, while funds from operations and consolidated net operating income are useful supplemental measures of our operating performance. We utilize these financial measures to facilitate internal and external comparisons to our historical operating results and in making operating decisions. Our leverage ratios, which include book capitalization and market capitalization, indicate how much of our balance sheet capitalization is related to long-term debt, net of cash. We expect to maintain capitalization ratios and coverage ratios sufficient to maintain a capital structure consistent with our current profile.