We operate in the highly competitive omni-channel retail industry in all of the markets we serve. We face strong sales competition from other discount, department, drug, dollar, variety and specialty stores, warehouse clubs and supermarkets, as well as ecommerce businesses. We invest in technology and process improvements to increase productivity, manage inventory and reduce costs. Our strategy includes improving our customer-facing initiatives in stores and clubs and creating a seamless omni-channel experience for our customers. We are allocating more capital to ecommerce, technology, supply chain, and store remodels and less to new store and club openings, when compared to prior years. Our objective of prioritizing strong, efficient growth means we will focus on the most productive growth opportunities, increasing comparable store and club sales, accelerating ecommerce sales growth and expanding omni-channel initiatives while slowing the rate of growth of new stores and clubs. We measure operating discipline through expense leverage, which we define as net sales growing at a faster rate than operating, selling, general and administrative expenses. We leverage operating expenses in fiscal 2020 as a result of strong sales and productivity improvements which were mostly offset by business restructuring charges consisting primarily of non-cash impairment charges for certain trade names, acquired developed technology, and other business restructuring charges due to decisions that resulted in the write down of certain ecommerce assets. We are committed to helping customers save money and live better through everyday low prices, supported by everyday low costs. We define our financial framework as strategic capital allocation. As we execute on this financial framework, we believe our returns on capital will improve over time. We measure return on capital with our return on assets, return on investment and free cash flow metrics. We also provide returns in the form of share repurchases and dividends. Our total capital expenditures increased slightly compared to the prior year; the following table provides additional detail: ecommerce, technology, supply chain and other $5,643 million. We project capital expenditures will be approximately $11 billion, with a focus on store remodels and customer initiatives, ecommerce, technology, and supply chain. We utilize the liquidity provided by short-term borrowings to provide funding for our operations, dividend payments, share repurchases, capital expenditures and other cash requirements. We believe cash flows from operations, our current cash position and access to capital markets will continue to be sufficient to meet our anticipated operating cash needs, which include funding seasonal buildups in merchandise inventories and funding our capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividend payments and share repurchases. We operate with discipline by managing expenses, optimizing the efficiency of how we work and creating an environment in which we have sustainable lowest cost to serve. We are monitoring the potential impact of the recent coronavirus outbreak to our global business. Its financial impact is unknown at this time. The method of calculating comparable sales varies across the retail industry. As a result, our calculation of comparable sales is not necessarily comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. We measure the results of comparable store and club sales, or comparable sales, a metric that indicates the performance of our existing stores and clubs by measuring the change in sales for such stores and clubs, including ecommerce sales, for a particular period from the corresponding period in the previous year. We compete with a number of companies for attracting and retaining quality employees. We, along with other retail companies, are influenced by a number of factors including, but not limited to: catastrophic events, weather, global health epidemics, competitive pressures, consumer disposable income, consumer debt levels and buying patterns, consumer credit availability, cost of goods, currency exchange rate fluctuations, customer preferences, deflation, inflation, fuel and energy prices, general economic conditions, insurance costs, interest rates, labor costs, tax rates, the imposition of tariffs, cybersecurity attacks and unemployment.