Our management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations reflects our commitment to enhancing the health of animals and bringing solutions to our customers. We manage our operations through two geographic operating segments and offer a diversified product portfolio to capitalize on local and regional trends and customer needs. Our investments in one of the industry's largest sales organizations, including our extensive network of technical and veterinary operations specialists, have led to enduring relationships with our customers. Our research and development efforts enable us to deliver innovative products and evolve our product lines to remain relevant for our customers. We believe that healthcare insights enabled by data and digital technology will be critical in enhancing care for animals and improving livestock productivity. Our future success depends on our existing product portfolio and our pipeline of new products, including those developed through joint ventures and acquisitions. We believe we are an industry leader in animal health research and development, with a track record of generating new products and product lifecycle innovation. Our R&D programs focus on product lifecycle innovation, leveraging existing animal health products by adding new species or claims, achieving approvals in new markets, or creating new combinations and reformulations. We are focused on innovating across vaccines, pharmaceuticals, diagnostics, genetics, and other product segments, and across all major species. We believe that delighting our customers with compelling and personalized experiences that enable them to provide the best care for animals is critical for our success. We are committed to providing greater value to our customers through the integration and connectedness of our portfolio and by reducing frictions in the way they engage with us and our products and solutions. We depend on positive perceptions of the safety and quality of our products by our customers, veterinarians, and end-users. Our ability to effectively support business needs has become a key in transforming our firm into a competitive force. We believe that the strength of our team and our talented colleagues is a critical component of our past and future success. The diversity of our product portfolio and global operations provides stability to our overall business. We face competition in the animal health industry, and our principal methods of competition include new product development, quality, price, service, and promotion to veterinary professionals, pet owners, and livestock producers. Our competitors include standalone animal health businesses and the animal health businesses of large pharmaceutical companies. We also compete with companies that produce generic products, and the level of competition from generic products varies from market to market. We believe that our investments in technology resources and our ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with other capabilities will enhance our operational efficiency and support our strategic objectives. Our operational growth is driven by overall economic development and related growth, particularly in many emerging markets. We continue to monitor our liquidity position and believe we have the ability to meet our liquidity needs for the foreseeable future.