Our competitive position and results of operations could be harmed if we do not compete effectively. The markets for our products and services are characterized by intense competition, new industry standards, evolving distribution models, disruptive technology developments, and frequent product introductions. Our future success will depend on our continued ability to enhance and integrate our existing products and services, introduce new products and services in a timely and cost-effective manner, and meet changing customer expectations and needs. The process of developing and acquiring new technology products and services and enhancing existing offerings is complex, costly, and uncertain. If we fail to anticipate customers' rapidly changing needs and expectations or adapt to emerging technological trends, our market share and results of operations could suffer. We must make long-term investments, develop, acquire, or obtain appropriate intellectual property, and commit significant resources before knowing whether our predictions will accurately reflect customer demand for our products and services. Additionally, any delay in the development, acquisition, marketing, or launch of a new offering or enhancement to an existing offering could result in customer attrition or impede our ability to attract new customers. Security breaches in data centers we manage or third parties manage on our behalf may compromise the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of employee and customer data, which could expose us to liability and adversely affect our reputation and business. We process and store significant amounts of employee and customer data, most of which is hosted by third-party service providers. Unauthorized access to or loss or disclosure of data stored may occur through breaches of a secure network, software vulnerabilities, or employee misconduct. Our ability to collect and report data may be delayed or interrupted by a number of factors, including access to the internet, the failure of our network or software systems, and significant variability in visitor traffic on customer websites. We believe that investments in research and development, including the recruiting and hiring of software developers, are critical to remain competitive in the marketplace and are directly related to the continued timely development of new and enhanced offerings and solutions. We continue to implement strategies that will accelerate awareness, consideration, and purchase of subscriptions to our creative cloud offerings. Our digital experience business provides comprehensive solutions that include analytics, social marketing, targeting, media optimization, digital experience management, and marketing automation. These comprehensive solutions enable marketers to measure, personalize, and optimize marketing campaigns and digital experiences across channels for optimal marketing performance. Our hierarchy of solutions in the digital experience segment consists of various cloud offerings that integrate to enhance customer engagement and operational efficiency. We expect that the addition of marketo and magento, and continued demand across our portfolio of adobe experience cloud solutions, will drive revenue growth in future years. Our ability to comply with laws and regulations globally may harm our business. We are subject to varied and complex laws, regulations, and customs, both domestically and internationally, which may involve significant costs or require changes in our business practices. Our corporate culture, which fosters innovation, teamwork, and employee satisfaction, is critical to our success, and maintaining this culture may become more challenging as we grow. Our business could be harmed if we fail to effectively manage critical strategic third-party business relationships, as these relationships become increasingly valuable with the expansion of our offerings and customer base.