As a supplier to the global semiconductor and display industries, Applied is subject to variable industry conditions, as demand for manufacturing equipment and services can change depending on several factors, including the nature and timing of technology inflections and advances in fabrication processes. Applied must accurately forecast demand and effectively manage its resources and production capacity across its businesses, which may incur unexpected or additional costs to align its business operations. During periods of increasing demand, Applied must have sufficient manufacturing capacity and inventory to meet customer demand; effectively manage its supply chain; attract, retain and motivate a sufficient number of qualified employees; and continue to control costs. The industries in which Applied operates are highly competitive and subject to rapid technological and market changes, and its future success depends on many factors, including the development of new technologies and effective commercialization and customer acceptance of its equipment, services, and related products. Applied's strategic priorities include developing products that help solve customers' challenges at technology inflections; expanding its served market opportunities in the semiconductor and display industries; and growing its services business. Applied's significant investments in research, development, and engineering must generally enable it to deliver new products and technologies before the emergence of strong demand, thus allowing customers to incorporate these products into their manufacturing plans during early-stage technology selection. The development efforts are focused on solving customers' key technical challenges in transistor, interconnect, patterning, and packaging performance as devices scale to advanced technology nodes. Applied's ability to successfully expand its business into new and related markets and industries may be adversely affected by the complexity of managing multiple businesses with variations in production planning, execution, supply chain management, and logistics. The need to develop new sales and technical marketing strategies, cultivate relationships with new customers, and meet different customer service requirements is critical. Applied's ability to attract, retain, and motivate key employees is vital to its success, as achieving this objective may be difficult due to fluctuations in global economic and industry conditions, management changes, and increasing global competition for talent. Applied's success depends significantly on the protection of its patents, trade secrets, copyrights, and other intellectual property rights, as infringement of these rights could result in uncompensated lost market and revenue opportunities. Applied has experienced cybersecurity threats and incidents, which could result in business disruption, misappropriation of intellectual property, and reputational damage. The failure to successfully implement enterprise resource planning and other information systems changes could adversely impact Applied's business and results of operations. If Applied does not successfully implement enterprise resource planning and related information systems improvements, it may not realize anticipated productivity improvements or cost efficiencies, which could result in quality issues, reputational harm, lost market and revenue opportunities, and otherwise adversely affect Applied's business.