Our business is subject to government and tax regulations, and changes in current or future laws or regulations could restrict our ability to operate our business as we currently do or impact our competitive landscape. We rely on information technology and other computer resources to carry out important operational, reporting and compliance activities and to maintain our business records. Our computer systems, network operation centers or power systems, or those of our cloud or internet-based providers, could fail on their own accord and are subject to interruption or damage from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches, usage errors, catastrophic events such as natural disasters and other events beyond our control. Although we and our vendors have disaster recovery programs and security measures in place, if our computer systems and our backup systems are compromised, degraded, damaged, breached or otherwise cease to function properly, we could suffer interruptions in our operations, including our ability to correctly record, process and report financial information, our tenants' network availability may be impacted or we could unintentionally allow misappropriation of proprietary or confidential information, which could result in a loss of revenue, damage our reputation, litigation, penalties under existing or future data privacy laws and require us to incur significant costs to remediate or otherwise resolve these issues. Our ongoing contractual revenues and our future results may be negatively impacted if a significant number of these leases are terminated or not renewed. We believe that consistent carrier network investments across our international markets position us to generate meaningful organic revenue growth going forward. Our ability to lease additional space on our sites is primarily a function of the rate at which wireless carriers and other tenants deploy capital to improve and expand their wireless networks. This rate, in turn, is influenced by the growth of wireless services, the penetration of advanced wireless devices, the level of emphasis on network quality and capacity in carrier competition, the financial performance of our tenants and their access to capital and general economic conditions. We expect that our tenants will continue deploying additional equipment across their existing networks. The deployment of advanced mobile technology, such as 4G and 5G, across existing wireless networks will provide higher speed data services and further enable fixed broadband substitution. Our expansion initiatives involve a number of risks and uncertainties, including those related to integrating acquired or leased assets, that could adversely affect our operating results, disrupt our operations or expose us to additional risk. Achieving the benefits of acquisitions depends in part on timely and efficient integration of operations, telecommunications infrastructure assets and personnel. Integration may be difficult and unpredictable for many reasons, including, among other things, portfolios without requisite permits, differing systems, cultural differences, and conflicting policies, procedures and operations. Our towers, fiber networks, data centers or computer systems may be affected by natural disasters, security breaches and other unforeseen events for which our insurance may not provide adequate coverage. We may also be liable for damage caused by towers that collapse for any number of reasons including structural deficiencies, which could harm our reputation and require us to incur costs for which we may not have adequate insurance coverage. Our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities depends upon the demand for our communications sites and our related services and our ability to increase the utilization of our existing communications sites. We believe that the debt agreements discussed below represent our material debt agreements that contain covenants, our compliance with which would be material to an investor's understanding of our financial results and the impact of those results on our liquidity.