The company is dependent on the communications industry, including information technology and data communications, wireless communications and broadband communications. Demand for these products is subject to rapid technological change, and the company competes primarily on the basis of technology innovation, product quality and performance, price, customer service and delivery time. There has been a trend on the part of customers to consolidate their lists of qualified suppliers to companies that have the ability to meet certain technical, quality, delivery and other standards while maintaining competitive prices. The company's operations and performance depend significantly on global, regional and U.S. economic and geopolitical conditions. The company has focused its global resources to position itself to compete effectively in this environment. The company's strategy is to provide its customers with comprehensive design capabilities, a broad selection of products and a high level of service on a worldwide basis while maintaining continuing programs of productivity improvement and cost control. The company believes that its global presence is an important competitive advantage as it allows the company to provide quality products on a timely and worldwide basis to its multinational customers. The company continually develops or creates new product line concepts, and its long-term results of operations depend substantially upon its ability to continue to conceive, design, source and market new products and upon continuing market acceptance of its existing and future product lines. The company encounters competition in substantially all areas of its business, and rapid technological changes occurring in the communications industry could lead to the entry of new competitors of all sizes against whom the company may not be able to successfully compete. The company's failure to meet the standards required by customers could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. The company relies on the capital markets to invest in its business and make strategic acquisitions, and its inability to access those markets on favorable terms could adversely affect its results. The company has established policies and procedures designed to assist in complying with applicable U.S. and international laws and regulations, including cybersecurity laws. Cybersecurity incidents on the company's information technology systems could disrupt business operations, resulting in adverse impacts to its reputation and operating results. The regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with frequent imposition of new and changing requirements. The company has made significant investments in modern manufacturing technologies and is focused on controlling costs through productivity improvements. The company’s operations are subject to various laws and regulations applicable to parties doing business with the U.S. government, including laws governing performance of U.S. government contracts. The company is subject to governmental export and import controls, and failure to comply with applicable export licensing, customs regulations, and economic sanctions may expose it to substantial civil and criminal penalties. The company’s financial results and operations may be adversely affected by a number of global and regional factors outside of its control, including instability in political or economic conditions, intergovernmental conflicts, and interruptions to its business with its largest customers, distributors, and suppliers. The company’s results may also be negatively affected by foreign currency exchange rates, and it manages currency exposure risk in a number of ways, including producing its products in the same country or region in which the products are sold.