Our commercial airplanes and global services businesses depend heavily on commercial airlines, and are subject to unique risks. Market conditions have a significant impact on demand for our commercial aircraft and related services. The commercial aircraft market is predominantly driven by long-term trends in airline passenger and cargo traffic. Demand for our commercial aircraft is further influenced by airline profitability, availability of aircraft financing, technological advances, and other competitive factors. The introduction of new aircraft programs involves increased risks associated with meeting development, testing, production, and certification schedules. Our ability to deliver aircraft on time, satisfy regulatory and customer requirements, and achieve or maintain program profitability is subject to significant risks. We must minimize disruption caused by production changes and achieve productivity improvements in order to meet customer demand and maintain our profitability. Operational challenges impacting the production system for one or more of our commercial aircraft programs could result in production delays and/or failure to meet customer demand for new aircraft, negatively impacting our revenues and operating margins. We face certain security threats, including threats to the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of our data and systems. We maintain an extensive network of technical security controls, policy enforcement mechanisms, monitoring systems, and management oversight in order to address these threats. Our ability to deliver products and services that satisfy customer requirements is heavily dependent on the performance and financial stability of our subcontractors and suppliers, as well as on the availability of raw materials and other components. We rely on other companies, including U.S. and non-U.S. subcontractors and suppliers, to provide and produce raw materials, integrated components, and sub-assemblies. If one or more of our suppliers or subcontractors experiences financial difficulties, delivery delays, or other performance problems, we may be unable to meet commitments to our customers or incur additional costs. The aerospace markets we serve include parts distribution, logistics, maintenance, engineering, upgrades, training, professional services, and information services. Airlines are using data analytics to plan flight operations and predictive maintenance to improve their productivity and efficiency. Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses, supplemented and supported by Boeing Capital. We focus on producing the products and providing the services that the market demands, and continue to find new ways to improve efficiency and quality to provide a fair return for our shareholders. Our BDS strategy is to leverage our core businesses to capture key next-generation programs while expanding our presence in adjacent and international markets, underscored by an intense focus on growth and productivity. We expect the market to grow by around 3.5% annually. The U.S. government services market is the single largest individual market, comprising over 50 percent of the government services markets served. Our BGS segment faces competition from many of the same strong U.S. and non-U.S. competitors facing BCA and BDS. The markets in which we operate are highly competitive, and one or more of our competitors may have more extensive or more specialized engineering, manufacturing, and marketing capabilities than we do in some areas. The commercial jet airplane market and the airline industry remain extremely competitive, and major productivity gains are essential to ensure a favorable market position at acceptable profit margins.