In the course of conducting our business operations, we are exposed to a variety of risks, some of which are inherent in the financial services industry and others specific to our own businesses. Our operational and security systems infrastructure, including our computer systems, emerging technologies, data management, and internal processes, are integral to our performance. We rely on our employees and third parties in our day-to-day and ongoing operations, who may expose us to risk through human error, misconduct, or failure of systems. Our ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by any significant disruptions to us or to third parties upon whom we rely. Technology project implementation challenges may cause business interruptions. We continuously update the systems on which we rely to support our operations and growth and to remain compliant with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations globally. This updating entails significant costs and creates risks associated with implementing new systems and integrating them with existing ones, including business interruptions. Cybersecurity risks have significantly increased in recent years due to the proliferation of new and emerging technologies, and the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions. We manage information security risk in accordance with internal policies governing our comprehensive information security program designed to protect the corporation by enabling preventative and detective measures to combat information and cybersecurity risks. Our businesses rely on effective access management and the secure collection, processing, transmission, storage, and retrieval of confidential, proprietary, personal, and other information in our computer and data management systems and networks. Our risk management framework is designed to minimize risk and loss to us, and we seek to effectively identify, measure, monitor, report, and control the types of risk to which we are subject, including strategic, credit, market, liquidity, compliance, operational, and reputational risks. We employ a broad and diversified set of controls and risk mitigation techniques, including hedging strategies that seek to balance our ability to profit from trading positions with our exposure to potential losses. We utilize various models and strategies to assess and control our market risk exposures, but those are subject to inherent limitations. Our risk framework requires that strong risk management practices are integrated into key strategic, capital, and financial planning processes and in day-to-day business processes across the corporation. We conduct capital scenario management and stress forecasting on a periodic basis to better understand balance sheet, earnings, and capital sensitivities to certain economic and business scenarios. Our strategic plan is consistent with our risk appetite, capital plan, and liquidity requirements, and specifically addresses strategic risks. The executive management team monitors business performance throughout the year and provides the board with regular progress reports on whether strategic objectives and timelines are being met, including reports on strategic risks and if additional or alternative actions need to be considered or implemented. We utilize a centralized approach to funding and liquidity management, which enhances our ability to monitor liquidity requirements and minimizes borrowing costs. Our liquidity risk management objective is to meet expected or unexpected cash flow and collateral needs while continuing to support our businesses and customers under a range of economic conditions. We manage our liquidity position through line of business and asset-liability management activities, as well as through our legal entity funding strategy. Our liquidity buffer is comprised of assets that are readily available to the parent company and selected subsidiaries, including cash and high-quality, liquid, unencumbered securities.