The markets for the services we offer are intensely competitive, constantly evolving and subject to rapid change, and current and new competitors can launch new services at a relatively low cost. Some of our current and potential competitors, such as Google, Apple, Alibaba, Tencent, Amazon, and Facebook, have significantly more customers or users, consumer data, and financial and other resources than we do, and they may be able to leverage other aspects of their businesses to enable them to compete more effectively with us. We have experienced a significant shift of both direct and indirect business to mobile platforms, and our advertising partners are also seeing a rapid shift of traffic to mobile platforms. The widespread adoption of mobile devices is driving substantial online traffic and commerce to mobile platforms. Our mobile offerings have received generally strong reviews and are driving a material and increasing share of our business. We believe that mobile bookings present an opportunity for growth and are necessary to maintain and grow our business as consumers increasingly turn to mobile devices instead of a personal computer. As a result, it is increasingly important for us to develop and maintain effective mobile platforms to provide consumers with an appealing, easy-to-use mobile experience. We may not be able to keep up with rapid technological or other market changes. The markets in which we compete are characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, consolidation, frequent new service announcements, introductions and enhancements, and changing consumer demands and preferences. Our future success will depend on our ability to adapt to rapidly changing technologies, to adapt our services and online platforms to evolving industry standards and local preferences, and to continually innovate and improve the performance, features, and reliability of our services and online platforms in response to competitive service offerings and the evolving demands of the marketplace. We believe that ease-of-use, comprehensive functionality, and the look and feel of our mobile platforms are increasingly competitively critical as consumers obtain more of their travel and restaurant services through mobile devices and platforms. We intend to continue to spend significant resources maintaining, developing, and enhancing our mobile platforms and other technologies and platforms. However, these efforts may not be successful in retaining and attracting new customers, which would harm our business and results of operations. We rely on performance and brand marketing channels to generate a significant amount of traffic to our platforms and grow our business. We believe that maintaining and strengthening our brands are important aspects of our efforts to attract and retain customers. We have invested considerable money and resources in the establishment and maintenance of our brands, and we will continue to invest resources in brand marketing and other brand-building efforts to preserve and enhance consumer awareness of our brands. Our performance marketing efficiency is impacted by a number of factors that are subject to variability and that are, in some cases, outside of our control, including ad rates, costs per click, cancellation rates, foreign exchange rates, and our ability to convert paid traffic to booking customers. We may not be able to successfully maintain or enhance consumer awareness and acceptance of our brands, and even if we are successful in our branding efforts, such efforts may not be cost-effective. Our strategy involves continued expansion throughout the world. Many regions have different economic conditions, customs, languages, currencies, consumer expectations, levels of consumer acceptance and use of the internet for commerce, legislation, regulatory environments, tax laws, and levels of political stability, and we are subject to associated risks typical of international businesses. Our international businesses include the Netherlands-based accommodation reservation service Booking.com, the Asia-based accommodation reservation service Agoda, and, to a lesser extent, Kayak's international meta-search services and OpenTable's international restaurant reservation business.