Our businesses depend on keeping pace with technological developments. Our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt and leverage new and existing technologies, and our competitors' use of certain types of technology and equipment may provide them with a competitive advantage. We expect other advances in communications technology to occur in the future. If we choose technology or equipment that is not as effective or attractive to consumers as that employed by our competitors, if we fail to employ technologies desired by consumers before our competitors do so, or if we fail to execute effectively on our technology initiatives, our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected. We also will continue to incur additional costs as we execute our technology initiatives, such as the U.S. deployment of DOCSIS 3.1 and DOCSIS FDX, our X1 and Sky Q set-top boxes, cloud DVR and wireless gateways. The ability of all of our businesses to compete effectively depends on our perceived image and reputation among our various constituencies, including our customers, consumers, advertisers, investors and government authorities. Our ability to compete will be negatively affected if we do not provide our customers with a satisfactory customer experience. Technological changes are further intensifying and complicating the competitive landscape and challenging existing business models. In particular, consumers are increasingly turning to online sources for viewing and purchasing content, which has and likely will continue to reduce the number of our video customers and subscribers to our cable networks even as it makes our high-speed internet services more valuable to consumers. We believe our X1 platform helps us compete more effectively against this competition and have also continued to employ sales and marketing programs, such as promotions, bundled service offerings and service offerings targeted at specific market segments. We continue to seek ways to enhance the value of cable communications' cable services network, such as by growing high-speed internet services and business services and by launching additional services, such as our security and automation services. We have invested, and will continue to invest, substantial amounts in our content, including in the production of original content on NBCUniversal's cable networks and broadcast television networks and Sky's owned television channels, in our films and for theme park attractions, before learning the extent to which it will earn consumer acceptance. We expect that the contribution to our growth rate from medium-sized and enterprise customers will increase relative to that of our small-business customers as small business service matures. Our cable communications segment generates revenue primarily from residential and business customers that subscribe to our cable services, which we market individually and as bundled services. We expect our capital expenditures for 2019 will be focused on continued investment in scalable infrastructure to increase network capacity in our cable communications segment; increased investment in line extensions for the expansion of both business services and residential; and the continued deployment of wireless gateways, our X1 platform, cloud DVR technology, Sky Q and international OTT platforms. The risk of systems-related events and security breaches occurring continues to intensify in many of our businesses, and our businesses may be at a disproportionately heightened risk of these events occurring, due to the nature of our businesses and because we maintain certain information necessary to conduct our business in digital form. We also rely on our intellectual property, such as patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, as well as licenses and other agreements with our vendors and other third parties, to use various technologies, conduct our operations and sell our products and services.