Our technology, our people and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to cyber security threats, which could result in wrongful use of our information or cause interruptions in our operations that cause us to lose customers and trading volume, and result in substantial liabilities. We regard the secure transmission of confidential information and the ability to continuously transact and clear on our electronic trading platforms as critical elements of our operations. The success of our business depends in large part on our ability to create interactive electronic marketplaces, for a wide range of products, that have the required functionality, performance, capacity, security and speed to attract and retain customers. We must continue to enhance our electronic trading platforms and other technology offerings to remain competitive. Our strategic business plan is to operate an efficient and transparent vertically integrated transaction execution, clearing and settlement business for our futures and options on futures business. We are heavily reliant on the capacity, reliability and security of the computer and communications systems and software supporting our operations. Our systems, or those of our third-party providers, including cloud providers, may fail or be shut down or, due to capacity constraints, may operate slowly, causing unanticipated disruptions in service to our customers, slower response times and delays in our customers' trade execution and processing, incomplete or inaccurate accounting, recording or processing of trades, financial losses, security breaches, litigation or other customer claims, loss of customers, and regulatory sanctions. We cannot assure you that we will not experience systems failures from power or telecommunications failure, acts of God, war or terrorism, human error on our part or on the part of our vendors, natural disasters, fire, sabotage, hardware or software malfunctions or defects, computer viruses, cyber attacks, acts of vandalism or similar occurrences. Our technology expense consists of costs related to maintenance of the hardware and software required to support our technology. This expense may be driven by system capacity, functionality and redundancy requirements. We will need to continue to upgrade, expand and increase the capacity of our systems as our business grows and as we execute our business strategy. We cannot assure you that our estimates of future trading volume and order messaging traffic will be accurate or that our systems will always be able to accommodate actual trading volume and order messaging traffic without failure or degradation of performance. Our role in the global marketplace places us at greater risk than other public companies for a cyber attack and other cyber security risks. Our technology, our people and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to targeted attacks, unauthorized access, fraud, computer viruses, denial of service attacks, terrorism, "ransom" attacks, firewall or encryption failures and other security problems. We have designed our cyber defense program to mitigate such attacks by preventative, detective, and responsive measures. Our recent acquisition of Nex is subject to many of these risks, including the potential we may not achieve the expected cost savings, synergies and other strategic benefits from the transaction within the anticipated time frames and the integration of Nex with our operations may not be successful or may be delayed or more costly than expected. We face intense competition from other companies, including technology firms, and if we are not able to successfully compete, our business, financial condition and operating results will be materially harmed. Our success also depends on our ability to offer competitive prices and services in an increasingly price-sensitive business. We must maintain and expand our product offerings, our customer base and our trade execution and clearing facilities. Our customers rely on third parties, such as independent software vendors, to provide them with front-end systems to access our trading platforms and other back office systems for their trade processing and risk management needs. If we do not successfully enhance our electronic trading systems and technology offerings, if we are unable to develop them to include other products and markets or if they do not have the required functionality, performance, capacity, security and speed desired by our customers, our ability to successfully compete and our revenues and profits will be adversely affected.