Our business, like others within the oil and gas industry, has become increasingly dependent on digital technologies, some of which are managed by third-party service providers on whom we rely to help us collect, host or process information. We rely on digital technology to estimate oil and gas reserves, process and record financial and operating data, analyze seismic and drilling information, and communicate with employees and third parties. As a result, we face various cybersecurity threats such as attempts to gain unauthorized access to, or control of, sensitive information about our operations and our employees, attempts to render our data or systems corrupted or unusable, threats to the security of our facilities and infrastructure, as well as those of third parties with whom we do business, and attempted cyber terrorism. Our technologies, systems, and networks may be subject to cyber attacks. A disruption, failure, or a cyber breach of these operating systems, or of the networks and infrastructure on which they rely, could damage critical production, distribution, or storage assets, delay or prevent delivery to markets, or make it difficult or impossible to accurately account for production and settle transactions. Although we have experienced occasional, actual or attempted breaches of our cybersecurity, none of these breaches have had a material effect on our business, operations, or reputation. As cyber attacks continue to evolve, we must continually expend additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any vulnerabilities detected. Our implementation of various procedures and controls to monitor and mitigate security threats and to increase security for our information, facilities, and infrastructure may result in increased costs. Despite our ongoing investments in security resources, talent, and business practices, we are unable to assure that any security measures will be effective. If our systems and infrastructure were to be breached, damaged, or disrupted, we could be subject to serious negative consequences, including disruption of our operations, damage to our reputation, a loss of counterparty trust, reimbursement or other costs, increased compliance costs, significant litigation exposure, and legal liability or regulatory fines, penalties, or intervention. Any of these could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We also face challenges related to the evolving regulatory landscape, which may impose additional compliance costs and operational restrictions. Our ability to maintain operational flexibility and effectively manage our technology resources is critical to our strategic objectives and overall firm performance. We strive to leverage our knowledge and technology to create value and safely deliver on our plans. Technical strength is part of our heritage, and we are evolving our technical approach to optimally apply best practices. Companywide, we continue to evaluate potential solutions to leverage knowledge of technological successes across our operations. Such innovations enhance our ability to economically convert additional resources to reserves, achieve greater operating efficiencies, and reduce our environmental impact. Our management is committed to building a learning organization using human performance principles as we relentlessly pursue improved health, safety, environmental, and operational performance.