Chevron's risk management systems are designed to assess potential physical and other risks to its operations and assets and to plan for their resiliency. Cyberattacks targeting Chevron's process control networks or other digital infrastructure could have a material adverse impact on the company's business and results of operations. There are numerous and evolving risks to Chevron's cybersecurity and privacy from cyber threat actors, including criminal hackers, state-sponsored intrusions, industrial espionage, and employee malfeasance. These cyber threat actors are becoming more sophisticated and coordinated in their attempts to access the company's information technology (IT) systems and data, including the IT systems of cloud providers and other third parties with whom the company conducts business. Although Chevron devotes significant resources to prevent unwanted intrusions and to protect its systems and data, the company has experienced and will continue to experience cyber incidents of varying degrees in the conduct of its business. Cyber threat actors could compromise the company's process control networks or other critical systems and infrastructure, resulting in disruptions to its business operations, injury to people, harm to the environment or its assets, disruptions in access to its financial reporting systems, or loss, misuse, or corruption of its critical data and proprietary information, including without limitation its intellectual property and business information and that of its employees, customers, partners, and other third parties. Cyber events could result in significant financial losses, legal or regulatory violations, reputational harm, and legal liability and could ultimately have a material adverse effect on the company's business and results of operations. The company has limited control and visibility over such third-party IT systems. Changes in management's estimates and assumptions may have a material impact on the company's consolidated financial statements and financial or operational performance in any given period. The actual level of expenditure required to comply with new or potential climate change-related laws and regulations and the amount of additional investments in new or existing technology or facilities, such as carbon dioxide injection, is difficult to predict with certainty and is expected to vary depending on the actual laws and regulations enacted in a jurisdiction, the company's activities in it and market conditions. Consideration of greenhouse gas issues and the responses to those issues through international agreements and national, regional, or state legislation or regulations are integrated into the company's strategy and planning, capital investment reviews, and risk management tools and processes, where applicable. The ultimate effect of international agreements and national, regional, and state legislation and regulatory measures to limit greenhouse gas emissions on the company's financial performance, and the timing of these effects, will depend on a number of factors, including the sectors covered, the greenhouse gas emissions reductions required, and the extent to which Chevron would be entitled to receive emission allowance allocations or would need to purchase compliance instruments on the open market or through auctions. The company's operations have inherent risks and hazards that require significant and continuous oversight, and failure to manage these risks effectively could impair the ability to operate and result in unexpected incidents.