John Deere relies upon information technology networks and systems to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities, including supply chain, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing and collection of payments. The secure operation of these information technology networks and the processing and maintenance of this information is critical to John Deere's business operations and strategy. Despite security measures and business continuity plans, John Deere's information technology networks and infrastructure may be vulnerable to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to attacks by cyber criminals or breaches due to employee error or malfeasance. The occurrence of any of these events could compromise John Deere's networks, and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen, resulting in legal claims or proceedings, liability or regulatory penalties under laws protecting the privacy of personal information, disrupting operations, and damaging John Deere's reputation. As security threats continue to evolve and increase in frequency and sophistication, John Deere may need to invest additional resources to protect the security of its systems. John Deere's ability to execute its strategy is dependent upon the ability to attract, train and retain qualified personnel, particularly those with requisite education, background and industry experience. Failure to attract, train and retain qualified personnel could impair John Deere's ability to execute its business strategy. The company may encounter difficulties in integrating acquisitions with its operations, in applying internal control processes to these acquisitions, in managing strategic investments, and in assimilating new capabilities to meet the future needs of the company's business. John Deere's current and planned integrated agricultural business and equipment management systems depend upon the use of RF signals, including GPS signals. Any international or national reallocation of frequency bands could significantly disrupt or degrade the utility and reliability of John Deere's GPS-based products. The inability to use high-precision augmented GPS signals could result in lower crop yields and higher equipment maintenance costs. John Deere's operations, suppliers and customers are subject to increasingly rigorous environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, which could prevent or restrict operations or require significant expenditures to achieve compliance. Changes in governmental policies regulating bio-fuel utilization could affect demand for John Deere's diesel-fueled equipment and result in higher research and development costs related to equipment fuel standards. Security breaches and other disruptions to John Deere's information technology infrastructure could interfere with operations and compromise information, exposing the company to liability that would cause its business and reputation to suffer. The company collects personally identifiable information and other data as integral parts of its business processes and activities, which are subject to various U.S. and international laws and regulations. Any inability to adequately address privacy and data protection concerns could result in additional costs and liability, damage to reputation, and adverse effects on business. John Deere's financial services segment is exposed to the risk that customers will default on contractual obligations, and its inability to access funds at cost-effective rates could have a material adverse effect on its business. The financial services segment's liquidity and ongoing profitability depend largely on timely access to capital to meet future cash flow requirements.