The ongoing changes in federal and state laws and regulations stemming from the Affordable Care Act (ACA), including the steps that have been taken to amend, repeal, and limit the scope and application of the ACA, continue to represent significant challenges to the U.S. healthcare system. We are unable to predict how these events will ultimately be resolved and what the potential impact may be on our business, including, but not limited to, our products, services, processes, and technology, and on our relationships with current and future customers and healthcare providers. Our business depends significantly on effective information systems, and we have many different information systems for our various businesses. Our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain and enhance existing systems and develop new systems in order to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, emerging cybersecurity risks and threats, evolving industry and regulatory standards including public exchanges and other aspects of the ACA, compliance with legal requirements, private insurance exchanges, and changing customer preferences. Failure to adequately implement and maintain effective and efficient information systems with sufficiently advanced technological capabilities, or our failure to efficiently and effectively consolidate our information systems to eliminate redundant or obsolete applications, could result in competitive and cost disadvantages to us compared to our competitors, a diversion of management's time, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our profitability depends in large part on accurately predicting healthcare costs and on our ability to manage future healthcare costs through medical management, product design, negotiation of favorable provider contracts, and underwriting criteria. We face competition in many of our markets, and if we fail to adequately adapt to changes in our industry and develop and implement strategic growth opportunities, our ability to compete and grow may be adversely affected. We are also subject to various federal, state, and international laws and rules regarding the use and disclosure of certain sensitive or confidential information, including HIPAA and the HITECH Act. A cyber attack or other privacy or data security incident could result in an unauthorized disclosure of sensitive and confidential information, cause a loss of data, disrupt a large amount of our operations, give rise to remediation or other expenses, expose us to liability under federal and state laws, and subject us to litigation and investigations, which could have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition, and results of operations. We have security technologies, processes, and procedures in place to protect against cybersecurity risks and security breaches. However, hardware, software, or applications we develop or procure from third parties may contain defects in design, manufacturer defects, or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise information security. Our ability to acquire, deploy, combine, and reconfigure IT resources in support and enhancement of business strategies and work processes is critical. We must identify, assess, and respond to new laws and regulations, as well as comply with the various existing laws and regulations applicable to our business. The legal challenges regarding the ACA, including the 2018 Texas District Court ACA decision invalidating the ACA, continue to contribute to this uncertainty, which could significantly impact the market for our products, the regulations applicable to us, and the fees and taxes payable by us.