We operate in a competitive business environment and may not be able to compete effectively. Our ability to enhance our current products and services and to develop and introduce innovative products and services that address the increasingly sophisticated needs of our clients and their customers will significantly affect our future success. The markets for our products and services are characterized by constant technological changes, frequent introductions of new products and services, and increasing client expectations. If we fail to adapt our products and services to changes in technology or in the marketplace, or if our ongoing efforts to upgrade our technology are not successful, we could lose clients or have trouble attracting new clients, and our ability to grow may be limited. Our operations depend on receiving, storing, processing, and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to our business, our associates, our clients, and their customers. Security incidents or other technological risks involving our systems and data, or those of our clients or vendors, could expose us to liability or damage our reputation. Any unauthorized access, intrusion, infiltration, network disruption, denial of service, or similar incident could disrupt the integrity, continuity, security, and trust of our systems or data, or the systems or data of our clients or vendors. Our business depends heavily on the reliability of our processing and other systems. An operational failure and the resulting service interruption could harm our business or cause us to lose clients. Our services are based on sophisticated software and computer systems, and we may encounter delays when developing new applications and services. We may also experience software defects, development delays, or installation difficulties, which would harm our business and reputation and expose us to potential liability. The market for products and services offered by financial institutions continues to evolve rapidly. The distinctions among the products and services traditionally offered by different types of financial institutions continue to narrow as they seek to serve the same customers. We expect that financial institutions will continue to invest significant capital and human resources to process transactions, manage information, maintain regulatory compliance, and offer innovative new services to their customers in this rapidly evolving and competitive environment. We anticipate that we will benefit over the long term from the trend of financial institutions moving from in-house technology to outsourced solutions as they seek to remain current on technology changes in an evolving marketplace. We believe that economies of scale in developing and maintaining the infrastructure, technology, products, services, and networks necessary to be competitive in such an environment are essential to justify these investments. The focus on digital channels by both financial institutions and their customers, as well as the growing volume and types of payment transactions in the marketplace, continues to elevate the data and transaction processing needs of financial institutions. Our focus on long-term client relationships and recurring, transaction-oriented products and services has also reduced the impact that consolidation in the financial services industry has had on us. We believe that the integration of our products and services creates a compelling value proposition for our clients by providing, among other things, new sources of revenue and opportunities to reduce their costs.