Management's discussion and analysis highlights that digital offerings have been developed to further complement equipment and services business and drive value and better outcomes for customers. The company integrates acquisitions as quickly as possible, with revenues and earnings from the date of acquisition through the end of the fourth quarter following the acquisition considered the acquisition effect of such businesses. The digital revenues include internally developed software and associated hardware, including Predix and software solutions that improve customers' asset performance. The new business will be established with its own brand, equity structure, and board of directors and will deliver software for various markets. The power segment serves power generation, industrial, government, and other customers worldwide with products and services related to energy production and water reuse, leveraging the industrial internet to improve the performance of solutions. The company announced its intention to reorganize the businesses within its power segment to reduce costs and improve operations. The power market continues to be challenged by significant overcapacity, decreased utilization of power equipment, and increased price concessions on long-term contracts. The company has made significant changes and is focused on improving operational and project execution across every business in power. The healthcare segment provides essential healthcare technologies and has expertise in digital solutions, which are critical for improving efficiency in healthcare delivery and expanding access to advanced healthcare. The healthcare systems global market continues to expand, driven by strength in emerging markets. The company continues to lead in technology innovation, with a greater focus on productivity-based technology, services, and IT/cloud-based solutions as healthcare providers seek greater productivity and better outcomes. The aviation segment designs and produces commercial and military aircraft engines, integrated digital components, and electric power systems, with digital initiatives enabling customers to reduce costs and improve quality. The oil and gas segment operates through various business segments, providing integrated oilfield products, services, and digital solutions. The company is subject to competition from various types of financial institutions, and its success is sensitive to project execution and merchant electricity prices. The company has established a master agreement framework with Baker Hughes, designed to solidify commercial and technological collaborations. The company also emphasizes the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. The digital strategy and investments in technical innovation are expected to position the company to add value for customers looking for clean, renewable energy. The organization focuses on improving operational efficiency and effectiveness through strategic resource allocation and management practices, which are essential for enhancing firm capabilities and achieving competitive advantage in the market.