Our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process and monitor a very large number of transactions, many of which are highly complex and occur at high volumes and frequencies, across numerous and diverse markets in many currencies. The information technology services we provide to clients often must adhere to client-specific guidelines, as well as legal and regulatory standards. Compliance with these legal and reporting requirements can be challenging, and we have been, and may in the future be, subject to regulatory fines and penalties for failing to follow these rules or to report timely, accurate and complete information. As our client base expands and the volume, speed, frequency, and complexity of transactions increase, developing and maintaining our operational systems and infrastructure becomes more challenging, and the risk of systems or human error in connection with such transactions increases. Enhancements and updates to systems entail significant costs and create risks associated with implementing new systems and integrating them with existing ones. Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems and networks. We are regularly the target of attempted cyber attacks, including denial-of-service attacks, and must continuously monitor and develop our systems to protect our technology infrastructure and data from misappropriation or corruption. We face an increasing number of attempted cyber attacks as we expand our mobile- and other internet-based products and services, as well as our usage of mobile and cloud technologies. Our businesses are subject to extensive and pervasive regulation around the world, and we face the risk of significant intervention by law enforcement, regulatory and taxing authorities, as well as private litigation. Our financial performance is highly dependent on the environment in which our businesses operate, and unfavorable or uncertain economic and market conditions can negatively impact client activity, which adversely affects many of our businesses. We maintain a comprehensive control framework designed to provide a well-controlled environment to minimize operational risks. Our risk management structure is built around governance, processes, and people, with the board overseeing risk management policies and practices. We employ a variety of risk measures to monitor market risk, including value-at-risk (var) and stress tests. Our risk management processes include collecting complete, accurate, and timely information, approving transactions, and establishing or approving underwriting standards. We also actively manage our positions to minimize market and credit exposures. Our liquidity risk management policies are designed to ensure we have a sufficient amount of financing, even when funding markets experience persistent stress. We manage the maturities and diversity of our funding across markets, products, and counterparties, and seek to maintain a diversified funding profile with an appropriate tenor. Our operational risk management framework consists of practices that include risk monitoring and reporting, risk identification and assessment, and risk measurement. We perform stress tests that are designed to ensure a comprehensive analysis of our vulnerabilities and idiosyncratic risks, combining financial and nonfinancial risks into a single combined scenario. Our model risk management framework is managed through a governance structure and risk management controls to ensure we maintain a comprehensive model inventory.