Our operations and the prior operations of predecessor companies expose us to the risk of material environmental liabilities. Cybersecurity incidents could disrupt business operations, result in the loss of critical and confidential information, and adversely impact our reputation and results of operations. Global cybersecurity threats and incidents can range from uncoordinated individual attempts to gain unauthorized access to information technology (IT) systems to sophisticated and targeted measures known as advanced persistent threats, directed at the company, its products, its customers and/or its third-party service providers, including cloud providers. We seek to deploy comprehensive measures to deter, prevent, detect, respond to and mitigate these threats, including identity and access controls, data protection, vulnerability assessments, product software designs which we believe are less susceptible to cyber attacks, continuous monitoring of our IT networks and systems and maintenance of backup and protective systems. Despite these efforts, cybersecurity incidents, depending on their nature and scope, could potentially result in the misappropriation, destruction, corruption or unavailability of critical data and confidential or proprietary information (our own or that of third parties) and the disruption of business operations. We employ information technology systems and networks to support the business and rely on them to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities. Disruptions to our information technology infrastructure from system failures, shutdowns, power outages, telecommunication or utility failures, and other events, including disruptions at our cloud computing, server, systems and other third-party IT service providers, could interfere with our operations, interrupt production and shipments, damage customer and business partner relationships, and negatively impact our reputation. Our future growth is largely dependent upon our ability to develop new technologies and introduce new products that achieve market acceptance in increasingly competitive markets with acceptable margins. Our future growth rate depends upon a number of factors, including our ability to identify and evolve with emerging technological and broader industry trends in our target end-markets, develop and maintain competitive products, and enhance our products by adding innovative features that differentiate our products from those of our competitors. We believe our ability to consistently grow earnings derives from the consistent, rigorous deployment of the Honeywell operating system as well as a long history of identifying and investing in productivity initiatives. We are careful not to allow the attainment of short-term financial results to imperil the creation of long-term, sustainable shareowner value. We continuously assess the relative strength of each business in our portfolio as to strategic fit, market position, profit and cash flow contribution in order to upgrade our combined portfolio and identify business units that will most benefit from increased investment. Our consolidated results are principally impacted by changes in global economic growth rates and industry conditions and demand in our key end markets, the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, and the extent to which cost savings from productivity actions are able to offset or exceed the impact of material and non-material inflation. We seek productivity and cost savings benefits through repositioning actions and projects, such as consolidation of manufacturing facilities, transitions to cost-competitive regions and product line rationalizations. Our profitability and margin growth are dependent upon our ability to drive sustainable improvements.