We are a leading global operator of regulated exchanges, clearing houses, and listings venues, and a provider of data services for commodity, financial, fixed income, and equity markets. Our business environment has been characterized by globalization of exchanges, customers, and competitors; rising demand for speed, data, data capacity, and connectivity by market participants, necessitating increased investment in technology; and an increasing focus on capital and cost efficiencies. We operate regulated marketplaces for listing, trading, and clearing a broad array of derivatives contracts and securities across major asset classes, including energy and agricultural commodities, metals, interest rates, equities, exchange-traded funds, credit derivatives, bonds, and currencies. Our exchanges include derivative exchanges in the U.S., U.K., European Union, Canada, and Singapore, and cash equities, equity options, and bond exchanges in the U.S. We also operate over-the-counter markets for physical energy, fixed income, and credit default swaps trade execution. We offer a range of data services for global financial and commodity markets, including pricing and reference data, exchange data, analytics, feeds, index services, desktops, and connectivity solutions. Our trading and clearing segment comprises our transaction-based execution and clearing businesses, while our data and listings segment comprises our subscription-based data services and securities listings businesses. The majority of our operating expenses are not solely related to a specific segment because the expenses serve functions that are necessary for the operation of both segments. Our technology support services consist of costs for running our wholly-owned data centers, hosting costs paid to third-party data centers, and maintenance of our computer hardware and software required to support our technology and cybersecurity. We capitalize costs related to software we develop or obtain for internal use, and the costs capitalized include both internal and external direct and incremental costs. Our technology and communication expenses increased due to data center migrations, hardware support upgrades, and cybersecurity investments. We have implemented policies and procedures designed to measure, manage, monitor, and report risk exposures, which are regularly reviewed by the appropriate management and supervisory bodies. We recognize a current tax liability or tax asset for the estimated taxes payable or refundable on tax returns for the current year, and we recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax bases of our assets and liabilities. Our risk management framework for our CDS markets through ICE Clear Credit and ICE Clear Europe is separate from our non-CDS clearing operations. We have a significant part of our assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses recorded in pounds sterling or euros, and fluctuations in these currencies can impact our consolidated revenues and operating expenses. We utilize various strategies to mitigate credit risk, liquidity risk, and interest rate risk associated with our clearing operations. Our clearing houses require all clearing members or participants to establish guaranty funds and collateral accounts, and we monitor liquidity requirements closely to minimize the risk of loss or delay in access to funds. We expect our operating expenses to increase in absolute terms in future periods in connection with our acquisitions and growth of our business, and to vary from year to year based on the type and level of our acquisitions, our integrations, and other investments.