Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, many of which could cause our future results to be materially different than we presently anticipate. Strategic risks relate to our current and future operating model, business plans, and growth strategy, including the risks associated with our ability to adapt to technological changes and global trends. Future revenue growth depends upon our ability to adapt to technological change as well as global trends in the way customers access software offerings and successfully introduce new and enhanced products, services, and business models. We must continue to innovate and develop new products and features to meet changing customer needs and attract and retain talented software developers. We need to continue to develop our skills, tools, and capabilities to capitalize on existing and emerging technologies, which require us to devote significant resources. Our operations process a significant volume and dollar value of transactions on a daily basis, especially in our payroll and payments businesses. Despite our efforts to ensure that effective processing systems and controls are in place to handle transactions appropriately, it is possible that we may make errors or that funds may be misappropriated due to fraud. The systems supporting our business are comprised of multiple technology platforms that are sometimes difficult to scale. If we are unable to effectively manage our systems and processes, or if there is an error in our products, we may be unable to process customer data in an accurate, reliable, and timely manner, which may harm our reputation, the willingness of customers to use our products, and our financial results. We are continually investing resources to update and improve our internal information technology systems and software platforms. Should our investments not succeed, or if delays or other issues with new or existing internal technology systems and software platforms disrupt our operations, our business could be harmed. We rely on our network and data center infrastructure and internal technology systems for many of our development, marketing, operational, support, sales, accounting, and financial reporting activities. Our continuing efforts to upgrade and expand our network security and other information systems as well as our high-availability capabilities may be costly, and problems with the design or implementation of system enhancements may harm our business and our results of operations. We face significant risks in maintaining adequate service levels during peak periods when we derive a substantial portion of our overall revenue from the tax businesses. Any interruptions in our online tax preparation or electronic filing service at any time during the tax season could result in significantly decreased revenue, lost customers, unexpected refunds of customer charges, negative publicity, and increased operating costs. We are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. We have also invested, and in the future, expect to invest in new business models, geographies, strategies, and initiatives. Such endeavors may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management from current operations, expenses associated with the initiatives, and inadequate return on investments. Our growth is increasingly dependent on the strength of our business relationships and our ability to continue to develop, manage, and maintain new and existing relationships with third-party partners. The failure of third parties to provide acceptable and high-quality products, services, and technologies or to update their products, services, and technologies may result in a disruption to our business operations and our customers, which may reduce our revenues and profits, cause us to lose customers, and damage our reputation.