The company relies on both internal information technology (IT) systems and networks, and those of third parties and their vendors, to process and store sensitive data, including confidential research, business plans, financial information, intellectual property, and personal data that may be subject to legal protection. The extensive information security and cybersecurity threats pose a risk to the security and availability of these IT systems and networks, and the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the company's sensitive data. The company continually assesses these threats and makes investments to increase internal protection, detection, and response capabilities, as well as ensure the company's third-party providers have required capabilities and controls, to address this risk. The company has not experienced any material impact to the business or operations resulting from information or cybersecurity attacks; however, the potential for the company to be adversely impacted exists due to frequently changing attack techniques and the increased volume and sophistication of the attacks. The company maintains cybersecurity insurance in the event of an information security or cyber incident, although the coverage may not be sufficient to cover all financial losses. The company is committed to investing in research and development with the aim of delivering high-quality and innovative products. In 2018, $10.8 billion was invested in research and development, reflecting management's commitment to create life-enhancing innovations and to create value through partnerships. The company faces substantial competition in all three operating segments and in all geographic markets, competing on the basis of cost-effectiveness, technological innovations, intellectual property rights, product performance, and pricing. The competitive environment requires substantial investments in continuing research, and the development and maintenance of customer demand for the company's consumer products involve significant expenditures for advertising and promotion. The company is subject to extensive regulation, investigations, and legal action, which imposes significant compliance costs and exposes the company to government investigations, legal actions, and penalties. Regulatory issues regarding compliance with good manufacturing practices can lead to fines and penalties, product recalls, product shortages, interruptions in production, delays in new product approvals, and litigation. The company faces various worldwide healthcare changes that may continue to result in pricing pressures, including healthcare cost containment and government legislation relating to sales, promotions, and reimbursement of healthcare products. The company is also exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could impact revenues and expenses. The company closely monitors proposals for changes to tax laws, which may include increasing or decreasing existing statutory tax rates, as these changes could result in a material impact on the company's effective tax rate and results of operations. The company has a long-standing policy of pricing products responsibly, and it strives to maintain profit margins through cost reduction programs, productivity improvements, and periodic price increases. The company's businesses operate in highly competitive product markets, and the development of new and innovative products, as well as protecting the underlying intellectual property of the company's product portfolio, is important to the company's success. The company conducts business and files tax returns in numerous countries and is addressing tax audits and disputes with many tax authorities, which may lead to greater audit scrutiny of profits earned in other countries.