We may not be able to realize the benefits of our strategic initiatives focused on omni-channel sales and marketing presence if we fail to deliver the capabilities required to execute on them. Our customer-facing technology systems must appeal to our customers, function as designed and provide a consistent customer experience. The success of our strategic initiatives to adapt our business concept to our customers' changing shopping habits and demands will require us to deliver large, complex programs requiring more integrated planning, initiative prioritization and program sequencing. These initiatives will require new competencies in many positions, and our management, employees and contractors will have to adapt and learn new skills and capabilities. Our ability to meet our labor needs, particularly in a competitive labor market, while controlling our costs is subject to a variety of external factors, including wage rates, the availability of and competition for talent, health care and other benefit costs. Our business and our reputation could be adversely affected by cybersecurity incidents and the failure to protect customer, employee, vendor or company information or to comply with evolving regulations relating to our obligation to protect our systems, assets and such information. Cyber-attacks and tactics designed to gain access to and exploit sensitive information by breaching mission critical systems of large organizations are constantly evolving. Despite our continued vigilance and investment in information security, we are subject to the risk that unauthorized parties may attempt to gain access to our systems or our information through fraud or other means. Our information security or our service providers' information security may also be compromised because of human errors or system errors. Our systems and our service providers' systems are additionally vulnerable to a number of other causes, such as power outages, computer viruses, technology system failures or catastrophic events. If our systems are breached or damaged for any reason, we may also suffer loss or unavailability of data and interruptions to our business operations while such breach or damage is being remedied. Our financial performance could be adversely affected if our management information systems are seriously disrupted or we fail to properly maintain, improve, upgrade and expand those systems. Our efforts to provide an omni-channel experience for our customers include investing in, maintaining and making ongoing improvements of our existing management information systems that support operations, such as sales, inventory replenishment, merchandise ordering, project design and execution, transportation, receipt processing and fulfillment. Performance issues with these customer-facing technology systems, including temporary outages caused by distributed denial of service, ransomware or other cyber-attacks, could quickly destroy the positive benefits they provide to our home improvement business and negatively affect our customers' perceptions of us as a reliable online vendor. Our ability to effectively manage our third-party installers could result in increased operational and legal risks and negatively impact our business. We rely upon many independent service providers for technology solutions and other services that are important to many aspects of our business. Many of these vendors and service providers have certain products or specialized skills needed to support our business concept and our strategies. If these vendors or service providers discontinue operations or are unable to perform as expected, our business could be adversely affected until we are able to replace them. Our ability to be competitive on delivery times, delivery costs, and delivery options depends on many factors, including successful implementation of our initiatives related to supply chain transformation. Our interactions with customers have evolved into an omni-channel experience as they increasingly use computers, tablets, mobile phones and other devices to shop in our stores and online.