The company is increasingly reliant on technological systems, such as point-of-sale and other platforms, technologies supporting digital and delivery solutions, as well as technologies that facilitate communication and collaboration internally and with third parties to conduct its business. Any failure of these systems could significantly impact operations and customer experience. The company’s investments to enhance the customer experience, including through technology, may not generate the expected returns. The company continues to build upon its investments in the Experience of the Future (EOTF), focusing on restaurant modernization and technology, as well as digital engagement and delivery, to transform the customer experience. The modernization efforts are designed to provide a better customer experience, leading to increased frequency of customer visits along with higher average check. The company is placing renewed emphasis on improving its existing service model and strengthening relationships with customers through technology. By evolving the technology platform, the company is redefining how it provides convenience to customers by expanding choices for how customers order, pay, and are served through additional functionality on its global mobile app, self-order kiosks, and technologies that enable conveniences such as table service and curb-side pick-up. The popularity and utilization of self-order kiosks continues to grow over time, and in several markets, a significant portion of in-restaurant orders are placed through kiosks. The company’s ability to compete successfully in the current market environment depends on its ability to improve existing products, develop new products, price products appropriately, deliver a relevant customer experience, manage the complexity of restaurant operations, and respond effectively to competitors' actions. The company recognizes that its success in advancing its strategic priorities will be demonstrated as customers continue to feel good about visiting its restaurants and eating its food. The company is also subject to risks associated with information technology system failures or interruptions, or breaches of network security, which may impact operations. The company’s information technology systems contain personal, financial, and other information that is entrusted to it by customers and employees. An actual or alleged security breach could result in disruptions, shutdowns, theft, or unauthorized disclosure of personal, financial, proprietary, or other confidential information. The company’s increasing reliance on third-party systems presents operational, security, and credit risks. The company’s ability to retain, regain, and convert customers depends on the impact of pricing, promotional, and marketing plans across the system, and the ability to adjust these plans to respond quickly and effectively to evolving customer preferences, as well as shifting economic and competitive conditions. The company’s long-term business objectives depend on the successful systemwide execution of its strategies, which include augmenting digital and delivery initiatives and enhancing customer relationships through technology. The company’s success also relies on the willingness and ability of its franchisees to implement major initiatives, which may include financial investment, and to remain aligned on operating, promotional, and capital-intensive reinvestment plans.