Altria and its subsidiaries rely extensively on information systems, many of which are managed by third-party service providers, to support a variety of business processes and activities, including complying with regulatory, legal, financial reporting and tax requirements; engaging in marketing and e-commerce activities; managing and improving the effectiveness of operations; manufacturing and distributing products; collecting and storing sensitive data and confidential information; and communicating internally and externally with employees, investors, suppliers, trade customers, adult consumers and others. The failure of Altria's information systems or service providers' information systems to function as intended, or cyber-attacks or security breaches, could have a material adverse effect on the business, reputation, consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position of Altria and its subsidiaries. Altria continues to make investments in administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect its information systems and data from cyber-threats, including human error and malicious acts. These safeguards include employee training, testing and auditing protocols, backup systems and business continuity plans, maintenance of security policies and procedures, monitoring of networks and systems, and third-party risk management. Although interruptions of Altria's information systems have been infrequent and have not had a material impact on operations, there can be no assurance that such incidents will not have a material adverse effect in the future. The complexity of technology and the increasing sophistication and frequency of cyber-attacks present ongoing challenges. Failure of systems or service providers' systems to function as intended could result in loss of revenue, assets, personal data, intellectual property, trade secrets or other sensitive and confidential data, violation of applicable privacy and data security laws, damage to the reputation of the companies and their brands, operational disruptions, legal challenges and significant remediation costs. Altria's ability to implement its strategy of attracting and retaining the best talent may be impaired by the impact of decreasing social acceptance of tobacco usage and tobacco regulation and control actions. The tobacco industry competes for talent with the consumer products industry and other companies that enjoy greater societal acceptance. Altria's tobacco subsidiaries may be unsuccessful in developing and commercializing adjacent products or processes, including innovative tobacco products that may reduce the health risks associated with current tobacco products and that appeal to adult tobacco consumers, which may have an adverse effect on their ability to grow new revenue streams and/or put them at a competitive disadvantage. Altria's subsidiaries face significant competition and their failure to compete effectively could have an adverse effect on the consolidated results of operations or cash flows. The competitive environment is characterized by significant methods of competition including product quality, taste, price, product innovation, marketing, packaging, distribution and promotional activities. Altria's management believes that adjusted financial measures provide useful additional insight into underlying business trends and results and provide a more meaningful comparison of year-over-year results, which is essential for evaluating performance and making strategic resource allocation decisions. The management of Altria regularly reviews financial results for planning, forecasting and evaluating business and financial performance, including allocating resources and evaluating results relative to employee compensation targets. The preparation of financial statements includes the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent liabilities and the reported amounts of net revenues and expenses during the reporting periods.