Our operations could also be affected by other factors that are presently unknown to us or not considered significant. We must make significant capital investments in manufacturing technology, capital equipment, facilities, R&D, and product and process technology. To develop new product and process technology, support future growth, achieve operating efficiencies, and maintain product quality, we must continue to invest in manufacturing technologies, facilities and equipment, and R&D. The competitive nature of our industry could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our inability to maintain or improve gross margins could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our future success depends on our ability to develop and produce competitive new memory and storage technologies. We face intense competition in the semiconductor memory and storage markets from a number of companies, including Intel; Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.; SK Hynix Inc.; Toshiba Memory Corporation; and Western Digital Corporation. Our competitors generally seek to increase silicon capacity, improve yields, and reduce die size in their product designs which may result in significant increases in worldwide supply and downward pressure on prices. If competitors are more successful at developing or implementing new product or process technology, their products could have cost or performance advantages. We have invested and expect to continue to invest in R&D for new and existing products, which involves significant risk and uncertainties. Our joint ventures and strategic relationships involve numerous risks. We have entered into strategic relationships, including our joint development partnership and our IMFT joint venture with Intel, to develop new manufacturing process technologies and products and to manufacture certain products. These joint ventures and strategic relationships are subject to various risks that could adversely affect the value of our investments and our results of operations. Our development of system-level memory and storage products is dependent, in part, upon successfully identifying and meeting our customers' specifications for those products. Developing and manufacturing system-level products with specifications unique to a customer increases our reliance upon that customer for purchasing our products in sufficient volume, quantity, and in a timely manner. Our inability to attract and retain key employees may inhibit our ability to expand our business operations. Our operations are dependent on our ability to procure advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment that enables the transition to lower cost manufacturing processes. Our supply chain and operations are dependent on the availability of materials that meet exacting standards and the use of third parties to provide us with components and services. We are subject to a variety of laws and regulations that may result in additional costs and liabilities. Our future success may depend on our ability to develop and produce viable and competitive new memory and storage technologies. Our cash flows from operations depend primarily on the volume of semiconductor memory and storage products sold, average selling prices, and manufacturing costs. We periodically assess the estimated useful lives of our property, plant, and equipment. We have made significant investments in product and process technology and anticipate expending significant resources for new semiconductor product and system-level solution development over the next several years. Our ability to maintain and develop intellectual property is dependent upon our ability to attract, develop, and retain highly skilled employees. Our inability to protect our intellectual property or retain key employees who are knowledgeable of and develop our intellectual property could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our operations are subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise out of the ordinary conduct of our business or otherwise, both domestically and internationally. Our operations could be adversely affected by the limited availability and quality of materials, supplies, and capital equipment, or the dependency on third-party service providers.