We operate in rapidly changing economic and technological environments that present numerous risks, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. Our cloud strategy, including our software as a service (SaaS), platform as a service (PaaS), infrastructure as a service (IaaS), and data as a service (DaaS) offerings, may adversely affect our revenues and profitability. The increasing prevalence of cloud and SaaS delivery models may unfavorably impact the pricing of our cloud and license offerings. If we do not successfully execute our cloud computing strategy or anticipate the cloud computing needs of our customers, our reputation as a cloud services provider could be harmed, and our revenues and profitability could decline. Rapid technological advances, changing delivery models, and evolving standards in computer hardware and software development characterize the industries in which we compete. If we fail to adequately integrate, support, or enhance acquired product lines or services, we might experience significant coding, manufacturing, or configuration errors in our cloud, license, and hardware offerings. Errors in our cloud, license, or hardware offerings could affect their ability to function properly or operate with other offerings, delay the development or release of new products or services, create security vulnerabilities, and adversely affect market acceptance of our products or services. Our internal IT systems continue to evolve, and we are often early adopters of new technologies. However, our business policies and internal security controls may not keep pace with these changes as new threats emerge. Our products and services store, retrieve, manipulate, and manage our customers' information and data, and we have invested significantly in protecting the integrity and security of our products and services. We encounter attempts by third parties to exploit product and service vulnerabilities, penetrate our security measures, and gain unauthorized access to our systems. Security incidents could lead to the compromise of personal information or the confidential information of Oracle or our customers, potentially damaging our reputation and reducing our revenue and earnings. We are subject to various legal proceedings, and litigation can be lengthy, expensive, and disruptive to our operations. Our success depends upon our ability to develop new products and services, integrate acquired products and services, and enhance our existing offerings. We continue to invest billions of dollars to acquire companies, products, services, and technologies, and we expect to continue to make acquisitions in the future. Our cloud and license business engages in the sale, marketing, and delivery of applications, platform, and infrastructure technologies through various deployment models, including license support offerings and cloud services offerings. We strive to renew our cloud services contracts when they are eligible for renewal. Our cloud services revenues growth is affected by the strength of general economic and business conditions, governmental budgetary constraints, and our ability to deliver and renew our cloud services contracts. We believe that we can fund our future acquisitions with our internally available cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, cash generated from operations, additional borrowings, or from the issuance of additional securities. Our strategic emphasis on growing our cloud revenues, combined with our active acquisition program, is an important element of our corporate strategy.