We rely to a large extent upon sophisticated information technology systems to operate our businesses. In the ordinary course of business, we collect, store and transmit large amounts of confidential information, and we deploy and operate an array of technical and procedural controls to maintain the confidentiality and integrity of such information. The size and complexity of our information technology and information security systems, and those of our third-party vendors, make such systems potentially vulnerable to service interruptions or to security breaches from inadvertent or intentional actions by our employees or vendors, or from attacks by malicious third parties. Significant disruptions of information technology systems or breaches of information security could adversely affect our businesses. We have outsourced significant elements of our operations to third parties, including significant elements of our information technology infrastructure, and as a result, we are managing many independent vendor relationships with third parties who may have access to our confidential information. Our ongoing investments in new product introductions and in R&D for new products and existing product extensions could exceed corresponding sales growth. Failure to invest in the right technology platforms, therapeutic segments, product classes, geographic markets, and/or in-licensing and out-licensing opportunities could adversely impact the productivity of our pipeline. We continue to strengthen our global R&D organization and pursue strategies intended to improve innovation and overall productivity in R&D to achieve a sustainable pipeline that is positioned to deliver value in the near-term and over time. The anticipated costs and savings, including from our cost-reduction/productivity initiatives, as well as from our organizing for growth initiative, are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. We expect that pressures on the pricing component of operating results will continue, and the adoption of restrictive price controls in new jurisdictions or more restrictive ones in existing jurisdictions could adversely impact revenue. Our ability to realize value on significant investments in R&D is contingent upon, among other things, regulatory approvals and market acceptance. We may not be able to meet anticipated pre-clinical or clinical endpoints, commencement and/or completion dates for our pre-clinical or clinical trials, regulatory submission dates, regulatory approval dates, and/or launch dates. The introduction of competitive products can result in erosion of the sales of our existing products and potential sales of products in development, as well as unanticipated product obsolescence. We depend on third-party collaborators, service providers, and others in the research, development, manufacturing, and commercialization of our products and product candidates. Failure by one or more of these third parties to meet their contractual or other obligations to Pfizer could delay or prevent the development, approval, manufacturing, or commercialization of our products and product candidates. We maintain cyber liability insurance; however, this insurance may not be sufficient to cover the financial, legal, business, or reputational losses that may result from an interruption or breach of our systems. Our strategies in emerging markets may not be successful, and these countries may not continue to sustain growth rates. We face uncertainties due to federal legislative and administrative efforts to repeal, substantially modify, or invalidate some or all of the provisions of the Affordable Care Act. The global economic environment has not had, nor do we anticipate that it will have, a material impact on our liquidity or capital resources. We cannot predict the likelihood of future changes in these economic conditions or what impact they may have on our results of operations, financial condition, or business.