Our business may be impacted by disruptions to our own or third-party information technology ("IT") infrastructure, which could result from cyber-attacks on or failures of such infrastructure or compromises to its physical security, as well as from damaging weather or other acts of nature. Cyber-based risks, in particular, are evolving and include attacks on our IT infrastructure and attacks on the IT infrastructure of third parties attempting to gain unauthorized access to our confidential or proprietary information. We continue to make investments and adopt measures designed to enhance our protection, detection, response, and recovery capabilities, and to mitigate potential risks to our technology, products, services, and operations from potential cyber-attacks. However, given the unpredictability, nature, and scope of cyber-attacks, it is possible that potential vulnerabilities could go undetected for an extended period. We could potentially be subject to production downtimes, operational delays, and other detrimental impacts on our operations or ability to provide products and services to our customers, the compromise of confidential information, misappropriation, destruction or corruption of data, security breaches, and damage to our reputation. Our reliance on suppliers and commodity markets to secure raw materials, parts, components, and sub-systems used in our products exposes us to volatility in the prices and availability of these materials. We believe that our supply management and production practices are based on an appropriate balancing of the foreseeable risks and the costs of alternative practices. Nonetheless, price increases, supplier capacity constraints, and supplier production disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition. Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of our technological advancements depends on a variety of factors, including meeting development, production, certification, and regulatory approval schedules; execution of internal and external performance plans; and performance of suppliers and subcontractors. We invest substantial amounts in research and development efforts to pursue advancements in a wide range of technologies, products, and services. The product, program, and service needs of our customers change and evolve regularly. Our contracts are typically awarded on a competitive basis. Our bids are based upon, among other items, the cost to provide the products and services. To generate an acceptable return on our investment in these contracts, we must be able to accurately estimate our costs to provide the services and deliver the products required by the contract. If we fail to accurately estimate our costs or the time required to complete a contract, the profitability of our contracts may be materially and adversely affected. Our business may be affected by government contracting risks, and we are now, and believe that we will continue to be, the subject of U.S. government investigations relating to our U.S. government contracts. We are subject to a variety of litigation and legal compliance risks, including product safety, personal injuries, intellectual property rights, and compliance with U.S. and foreign laws. We rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, nondisclosure agreements, and other measures to protect our intellectual property. Our competitive position also may be adversely impacted by limitations on our ability to obtain possession of, and ownership or necessary licenses concerning, data important to the development or provision of our products or service offerings. Any of these events or factors could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition.