We rely heavily on information technology in our operations and growth initiatives, and any material failure, inadequacy, interruption or security failure of that technology could harm our ability to effectively operate and grow our business and could adversely affect our financial results. Our information technology systems are integral across our operations, including for administrative functions, point-of-sale processing and payment in our stores and online, management of our supply chain, and various other processes and transactions. The success of several of our initiatives to drive growth, including our priority to increase digital relationships with our customers to drive incremental traffic and spend, is highly dependent on our technology systems. Our ability to effectively manage our business, launch digital and other initiatives, and coordinate the production, distribution, administration and sale of our products depends significantly on the reliability, integrity and capacity of these systems. We continue to make significant investments in technology, third-party services and personnel to develop and implement systems and processes designed to anticipate cyber-attacks and to prevent or minimize breaches of our information technology systems or data loss. The unauthorized access, use, theft or destruction of customer or employee personal, financial or other data or of proprietary or confidential information stored in our information systems could impact our reputation and brand and expose us to potential liability and loss of revenues. Many of our information technology systems contain personal, financial or other information entrusted to us by our customers and employees. We are consistently subject to attempts to compromise our information technology systems, and a material breach could result in a material loss of revenues from the potential adverse impact to our reputation and brand, our ability to retain or attract new customers, and the potential disruption to our business and plans. Additionally, compliance with applicable privacy and cybersecurity laws can be costly and time-consuming, and significant capital investments may be required to remedy cybersecurity problems and prevent future breaches. We also face risks related to our reliance on third-party providers for some of these information technology systems and support. The techniques and sophistication used to conduct cyber-attacks change frequently and are often not recognized until such attacks are launched or have been in place for a period of time. We believe that our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and business process understanding to further organizational goals. Our management capability in deploying IT resources effectively is crucial for transforming our firm into a competitive force. The evolving nature of our IT capabilities underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. Our strategic initiatives rely on the successful development and implementation of new technologies necessary to effectuate our growth strategies, including increasing our digital relationships with customers. Failure to successfully implement these technologies could adversely impact our business and financial results.