We rely on external service providers to perform certain key technology, processing, servicing, and support functions. Our operations are highly dependent on the integrity of our technology systems and our ability to make timely enhancements and additions to our systems. System interruptions, errors, or downtime can result from a variety of causes, including technological failure, changes to our systems, linkages with third-party systems, and power failures, and can have a significant impact on our business and operations. We maintain systems and procedures designed to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations, although violations could occur. Our business involves the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential information about our clients and us, and information security risks for financial institutions are increasing. We have designed and implemented an information security program that integrates complementary tools, controls, and technologies to protect systems, client accounts, and data. We continuously monitor the systems and work collaboratively with government agencies, law enforcement, and other financial institutions to address potential threats. Our technology and operational failures or errors could subject us to losses, litigation, regulatory actions, and reputational damage. We must process, record, and monitor a large number of transactions, and we face operational risks arising from inadequacies or failures related to people, internal processes, and systems. We have specific policies and procedures to identify and manage operational risk, and we use periodic risk and control self-assessments and internal audit reviews to evaluate the effectiveness of these internal controls. Our systems are vulnerable to disruptions from human error, execution errors, and external fraud. We have established a policy to describe the roles and responsibilities of all key stakeholders in model development, management, and use, as models are used for various purposes, including calculating capital requirements and estimating interest and credit risk. We have established policies and procedures reasonably designed to achieve and/or monitor compliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements, including issues such as business conduct and ethics, sales and trading practices, and client privacy. We face compliance risk, which is the potential exposure to legal or regulatory sanctions, fines or penalties, financial loss, or damage to reputation resulting from the failure to comply with laws, regulations, rules, or other regulatory requirements. Our investment management operations may subject us to fiduciary or other legal liability for client losses. We have established liquidity policies to support the successful execution of business strategies while ensuring ongoing and sufficient liquidity to meet operational needs and satisfy applicable regulatory requirements. Our capital management strategy seeks to ensure that we have sufficient capital to absorb unanticipated losses or declines in asset values, and we conduct regular capital stress testing to assess the potential financial impacts of various adverse macroeconomic and company-specific events. We have adopted a policy to remain well capitalized even in stressed scenarios, and we monitor the subsidiaries' capital levels and requirements. Our technology infrastructure is critical to our operations, and we are committed to investing in technology projects to enhance our capabilities and support business growth.