We are continuously expanding and improving our information technology systems and use security measures designed to protect our systems against breaches and cyber-attacks. Our volume production of multiple vehicles necessitates continued development, maintenance, and improvement of our information technology systems in the U.S. and abroad, which include product data management, procurement, inventory management, production planning and execution, sales, service and logistics, dealer management, financial, tax and regulatory compliance systems. The implementation, maintenance, and improvement of these systems require significant management time, support, and cost. Moreover, there are inherent risks associated with developing, improving, and expanding our core systems as well as implementing new systems, including the disruption of our data management, procurement, manufacturing execution, finance, supply chain, and sales and service processes. These risks may affect our ability to manage our data and inventory, procure parts or supplies, or manufacture, sell, deliver, and service vehicles, or achieve and maintain compliance with, or realize available benefits under, tax laws and other applicable regulations. We cannot be sure that these systems or their required functionality will be effectively implemented, maintained, or expanded as planned. If we do not successfully implement, maintain, or expand these systems as planned, our operations may be disrupted, our ability to accurately and/or timely report our financial results could be impaired, and deficiencies may arise in our internal control over financial reporting, which may impact our ability to certify our financial results. Our products contain complex information technology systems. For example, our vehicles and energy storage products are designed with built-in data connectivity to accept and install periodic remote updates from us to improve or update their functionality. We have designed, implemented, and tested security measures intended to prevent unauthorized access to our information technology networks, our products, and their systems. However, hackers have reportedly attempted, and may attempt in the future, to gain unauthorized access to modify, alter, and use such networks, products, and systems to gain control of, or to change, our products' functionality, user interface, and performance characteristics, or to gain access to data stored in or generated by our products. We encourage reporting of potential vulnerabilities in the security of our products via our security vulnerability reporting policy, and we aim to remedy any reported and verified vulnerability. Accordingly, we have received reports of potential vulnerabilities in the past and have attempted to remedy them. However, there can be no assurance that vulnerabilities will not be exploited in the future before they can be identified, or that our remediation efforts are or will be successful. Any unauthorized access to or control of our products or their systems or any loss of data could result in legal claims or proceedings. In addition, regardless of their veracity, reports of unauthorized access to our products, their systems, or data, as well as other factors that may result in the perception that our products, their systems, or data are capable of being "hacked," could negatively affect our brand and harm our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results. We are also expanding our servicing capabilities for our rapidly growing customer vehicle fleet, including by growing our service locations and mobile service fleet, moving to two-shift operations at service centers where needed, and optimizing our parts distribution network.