We rely heavily on information technology networks and systems, including the internet, to manage or support a wide variety of important business processes and activities throughout our operations. Our information technology systems may be susceptible to damage, disruptions, or shutdowns due to failures during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases, or components thereof, power outages, hardware failures, computer viruses, cyber-attacks, ransomware attacks, malware attacks, malicious employees or other insiders, telecommunications failures, human errors, or catastrophic events. We depend on and interact with the information technology networks and systems of third parties for many aspects of our business operations, including our customers and franchisees and service providers such as cloud service providers and third-party delivery services. The provision of service to our customers and the operation of our networks and systems involve the storage and transmission of significant amounts of proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data, including personal information of customers, employees, and others. We regularly move data across national borders, and consequently, we are subject to a variety of continuously evolving and developing laws and regulations in the United States and abroad regarding privacy, data protection, and data security. The scope of the laws that may be applicable to us is often uncertain and may be conflicting, particularly with respect to foreign laws. Our information technology systems may be impacted by significant data breaches or IT system disruptions, which could adversely affect our business, financial results, or reputation, and we may be required to increase our spending on data and system security. We have invested and continue to invest in technology security initiatives, information technology risk management, and disaster recovery plans. The cost and operational consequences of implementing, maintaining, and enhancing further data or system protection measures could increase significantly to overcome increasingly intense, complex, and sophisticated global cyber threats. We recognize that a significant data breach could materially adversely affect our operations or our reputation. We have implemented security processes, protocols, and standards, but these may not be sufficient or effective at preventing events that could result in unauthorized access to, or disruptions or denials of access to, or misuse of, information or systems that are important to our business. Our reliance on information technology is critical for tracking items that move through our delivery systems, efficiently planning deliveries, executing billing processes, and tracking and reporting financial and operational data. The evolving compliance and operational requirements impose significant costs that are likely to increase over time. We have invested in technology to increase package sorting and delivery productivity, and the growth in pickup and delivery and network costs was impacted by several factors, including the expansion of our technology-enabled network. Our operational flexibility and efficiency are closely tied to our ability to leverage technology capabilities in response to market dynamics and competition.