Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk, and you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below. Our future success is dependent on our ability to continue to increase revenues from sales of our cystic fibrosis medicines. We are investing significant resources in the development of our next-generation CFTR corrector compounds, and if we are unable to show the safety and efficacy of these regimens, our business would be materially harmed. Our ability to execute on our long-term strategy depends in part on our ability to acquire rights to additional drugs, drug candidates, and other technologies that have the potential to add to our pipeline or provide us with new commercial opportunities. We may not be able to acquire, in-license, or otherwise obtain rights to additional drugs, drug candidates, or other technologies on acceptable terms or at all. We have faced and will continue to face significant competition for the acquisition of rights to these types of drugs from a variety of other companies with interests in the specialty pharmaceutical marketplace, many of which have significantly more financial resources and experience in business development activities than we have. Our ability to attract collaborators or external funding for the development and commercialization of certain of our drug candidates is critical. We rely on third-party manufacturers to manufacture our products and the materials we require for our clinical trials, and we may not be able to maintain these relationships and could experience supply disruptions outside of our control. We maintain and rely extensively on information technology systems and network infrastructures for the effective operation of our business. In the course of our business, we collect, store, and transmit confidential information, and it is critical that we do so in a secure manner to maintain the confidentiality and integrity of such information. A disruption, infiltration, or failure of our information technology systems could cause breaches of data security and loss of critical data, which could materially adversely affect our business. We have implemented security measures in an attempt to minimize these risks to our data and information technology systems. We are subject to data privacy and protection laws and regulations that apply to the collection, transmission, storage, and use of proprietary information and personally-identifying information. The legislative and regulatory landscape for privacy and data protection continues to evolve, and there has been an increasing focus on privacy and data protection issues with the potential to affect our business. We expect to continue to devote substantial resources to maintain, administer, and expand our compliance programs globally. Our marketing of pharmaceutical products is subject to extensive and complex laws and regulations, and we have a corporate compliance program designed to actively identify, prevent, and mitigate risk through the implementation of compliance policies and systems. Our sales of products depend in part upon the availability of reimbursement from third-party payors. We dedicate substantial management and other resources to obtain and maintain appropriate levels of reimbursement for our products from third-party payors. We are experiencing significant challenges in obtaining reimbursement for our products in certain ex-U.S. markets. Our future product revenues depend on our ability to complete reimbursement discussions in ex-U.S. markets for our products. The increasing availability and use of innovative specialty pharmaceuticals, combined with their relative higher cost, is generating significant third-party payor interest in developing cost-containment strategies targeted to this sector. We face risks in connection with existing and future collaborations with respect to the development, manufacture, and commercialization of our products and drug candidates.