The rapid development of new technologies, services, and products has eliminated many traditional distinctions among communication services and brought new competitors to the markets, which necessitates that we adapt to future changes in technology and enhance our existing offerings to address customers' changing demands. Our ability to compete effectively will depend on our network quality, capacity, and coverage, the pricing of our products and services, and the quality of our customer service. If we are unable to respond successfully to competitive challenges, we could experience reduced profits. The inability to operate or use our networks and systems or those of our suppliers, vendors, and other service providers as a result of cyber attacks may result in significant expenses and a loss of market share to other communications providers. Our increasing presence in the IoT industry with offerings of telematics products and services could also increase our exposure to potential costs and expenses in the event of cyber attacks impacting these products or services. The costs associated with a major cyber attack could include increased expenditures on cybersecurity measures and lost revenues from business interruption. We depend on key suppliers and vendors to provide equipment and services necessary for our operations, and any disruption in these relationships could adversely affect our ability to provide products and services as requested by our customers. Our dependence on key suppliers is expected to continue as we develop and introduce more advanced generations of technology. The introduction of new offerings and technologies, such as 5G technology, must be balanced with the need to phase out outdated and unprofitable technologies and services. If we are unable to meet future challenges from competing technologies on a timely basis or at an acceptable cost, we could lose customers to our competitors. Changes in regulatory frameworks could adversely affect our business prospects or results of operations, as we are subject to various federal, state, and international regulations that may restrict our ability to operate and provide services. We are also subject to significant litigation, which could require us to pay substantial damages or settlements. Our significant debt could increase further if we incur additional debt in the future, which could negatively impact our financial condition and limit our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in market conditions. Adverse changes in the credit markets could increase our borrowing costs and affect our access to financing. The costs of maintaining employee benefit plans have a significant impact on our profitability, and if we are unable to limit future increases in these costs, it could further reduce our profitability. Overall, our ability to leverage IT capabilities effectively is crucial for supporting business needs, enhancing operational efficiency, and maintaining competitive advantage in a rapidly evolving market landscape.