We rely extensively on information systems to process transactions, summarize results and manage our business. Our information systems are essential to our business operations, including the processing of transactions, management of our associates, facilities, logistics, inventories, physical stores and clubs and our online operations. Our information systems are not fully redundant and if our systems are damaged, breached or cease to function properly, we may have to make a significant investment to repair or replace them, and we may suffer interruptions in our business operations in the interim. Any interruption to our information systems may have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. We are constantly updating our information technology processes and systems. The risk of system disruption is increased when significant system changes are undertaken. If we fail to timely integrate and update our information systems and processes, we may fail to realize the cost savings anticipated to be derived from these initiatives. If the technology-based systems that give our customers the ability to shop with us online do not function effectively, our operating results, as well as our ability to grow our ecommerce business globally, could be materially adversely affected. Our digital platforms, which are increasingly important to our business and continue to grow in complexity and scope, and the computer and operating systems on which they run, including those applications and systems in our acquired ecommerce businesses, are regularly subject to cyber-attacks. Such attacks, if successful, may also create denials of service or otherwise disable, degrade or sabotage one or more of our digital platforms and otherwise significantly disrupt our customers' and members' shopping experience. If we are unable to maintain the security of our digital platforms and keep them operating within acceptable parameters, we could suffer loss of sales, reductions in traffic, reputational damage and deterioration of our competitive position and incur liability for any damage to customers whose personal information is unlawfully obtained and used. We accept payments using a variety of methods, including cash, checks, credit and debit cards, our private label credit cards and gift cards, and we may offer new payment options over time, which may have information security risk implications. We cannot be certain that the security measures we maintain to protect all of our information technology systems are able to prevent, contain or detect any cyber-attacks, cyber terrorism, or security breaches from known cyber-attacks or malware that may be developed in the future. We utilize third-party service providers for a variety of reasons, including, without limitation, for encryption and authentication technology, content delivery to customers and members, back-office support, and other functions. Such providers may have access to information we hold about our customers, members, associates or vendors. Cyber threats are rapidly evolving and those threats and the means for obtaining access to information in digital and other storage media are becoming increasingly sophisticated. Cyber threats and cyber-attackers can be sponsored by countries or sophisticated criminal organizations or be the work of single "hackers" or small groups of "hackers." Each year, cyber-attackers make numerous attempts to access the information stored in our information systems. As cyber threats evolve, change and become more difficult to detect and successfully defend against, one or more cyber-attacks might defeat our or a third-party service provider's security measures in the future and obtain the personal information of customers, members, associates and vendors. Any breach of our security measures or any breach, error or malfeasance of those of our third-party service providers and loss of our confidential information, or any failure by us to comply with applicable privacy and information security laws and regulations, could cause us to incur significant costs to protect any customers, members, associates and vendors whose personal data was compromised and to restore their confidence in us and to make changes to our information systems and administrative processes to address security issues and compliance with applicable laws and regulations.