AbbVie depends on information technology and a failure of those systems could adversely affect AbbVie's business. AbbVie relies on sophisticated information technology systems to operate its business. These systems are potentially vulnerable to malicious intrusion, random attack, loss of data privacy, or breakdown. Data privacy or security breaches by employees or others may cause sensitive data, including intellectual property, trade secrets or personal information belonging to AbbVie, its patients, customers or business partners, to be exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public. Although AbbVie has invested in the protection of its data and information technology and also monitors its systems on an ongoing basis, there can be no assurance that these efforts will prevent breakdowns or breaches in AbbVie's information technology systems that could adversely affect AbbVie's business. Changes in or interpretations of laws and regulations, including changes in accounting standards, taxation requirements, product marketing application standards and environmental laws, can have a material adverse effect on AbbVie's profitability and financial condition. AbbVie has engaged in significant research and development activities, which are critical to its business strategy and operational effectiveness. The company commits substantial effort, funds, and other resources to research and development and must make ongoing substantial expenditures without any assurance that its efforts will be commercially successful. AbbVie’s long-term success depends to a great extent on its ability to continue to discover and develop innovative pharmaceutical products and acquire or collaborate on compounds currently in development by other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies. The company’s ability to generate cash flows from operations, issue debt, or enter into financing arrangements on acceptable terms could be adversely affected if there is a material decline in the demand for the company’s products or in the solvency of its customers or suppliers. AbbVie’s research and innovation are the cornerstones of its business as a global biopharmaceutical company. The company’s pipeline currently includes more than 60 compounds or indications in clinical development individually or under collaboration or license agreements and is focused on important medical specialties. AbbVie’s financial performance in 2017 included delivering worldwide net revenues of $28.2 billion, operating earnings of $9.6 billion, and diluted earnings per share of $3.30. The company’s strategy has focused on delivering strong financial results, advancing and investing in its pipeline, and returning value to shareholders while ensuring a strong, sustainable growth business over the long term. AbbVie continues to pursue strategies intended to further differentiate its products from competing products and add to the sustainability and future growth of its key products. The company’s ability to effectively and profitably commercialize its products is critical to its financial performance and market positioning. AbbVie’s reliance on alliances with pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for a portion of the products in its near-term pharmaceutical pipeline may also affect its operational capabilities and business performance. The successful discovery, development, manufacturing, and sale of biologics is a long, expensive, and uncertain process, and failure to successfully discover, develop, manufacture, and sell biologics could adversely impact AbbVie’s business and results of operations.