Abbott depends on sophisticated information technology systems, and a cyber attack or other breach of these systems could have a material adverse effect on Abbott's results of operations. The size and complexity of the information technology systems on which Abbott relies for both its infrastructure and products makes them susceptible to a cyber attack, malicious intrusion, breakdown, destruction, loss of data privacy, or other significant disruption. Abbott invests in its systems and technology and in the protection of its products and data to reduce the risk of an attack or other significant disruption, and monitors its systems on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats and for changes in technology and the regulatory environment. There can be no assurance that these measures and efforts will prevent future attacks or other significant disruptions to any of the systems on which Abbott relies or that related product issues will not arise in the future. Any significant attack or other disruption on Abbott's systems or products could have a material adverse effect on Abbott's business. Abbott's business strategy may involve acquiring other businesses, licensing rights to technologies or products, forming alliances, or disposing of or spinning off businesses, which could cause it to incur significant expenses and could negatively affect profitability. Abbott's ability to arrange additional financing or refinancing will depend on, among other factors, Abbott's financial position and performance, as well as prevailing market conditions and other factors beyond Abbott's control. Abbott's ability to integrate acquisitions successfully into its existing business or transition disposed businesses efficiently could incur or assume significant debt and unknown or contingent liabilities. Abbott's industry is subject to various international, supranational, federal, and state laws and regulations pertaining to government benefit program reimbursement, price reporting and regulation, and health care fraud and abuse, including anti-kickback and false claims laws, and international and individual state laws relating to pricing and sales and marketing practices. Changes in the health care regulatory environment may adversely affect Abbott's business, and both in the U.S. and internationally, government authorities may enact changes in regulatory requirements, make legislative or administrative reforms to existing reimbursement programs, or make adverse decisions relating to Abbott's products' coverage or reimbursement, all of which could adversely impact the demand for and usage of Abbott's products or the prices that Abbott's customers are willing to pay for them. Abbott's research and development efforts may not succeed in developing commercially successful products and technologies, which may cause Abbott's revenue and profitability to decline. Abbott must continue to launch new products and technologies to remain competitive, committing substantial efforts, funds, and other resources to research and development. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals to market a drug or medical device can be costly and time-consuming, and approvals might not be granted for future products, or additional indications or uses of existing products, on a timely basis, if at all. Abbott's ability to develop, license, or otherwise acquire compounds or products, or whether any products will be commercially successful, is uncertain. Abbott's products face intense competition from its competitors' products, which may be safer, more effective, more effectively marketed or sold, or have lower prices or superior performance features than Abbott's products. The manufacture of many of Abbott's products is a highly exacting and complex process, and if Abbott or one of its suppliers encounters problems manufacturing products, Abbott's business could suffer. Abbott's ability to manage its global supply chain and its reliance on sophisticated information technology systems are critical to its operational efficiency and overall business performance.