This report and other documents we file with the SEC contain forward-looking statements that are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts, and projections about us, our future performance, our business, our beliefs, and our management's assumptions. Our information technology systems are highly integrated into our business, including our R&D efforts, our clinical and commercial manufacturing processes, and our product sales and distribution processes. The complexity and interconnected nature of our systems make them potentially vulnerable to breakdown or other service interruptions. Internal or external events that compromise the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our systems and data may significantly interrupt the operation of our business, result in significant costs, and affect our reputation. Our systems also contain and utilize a high volume of sensitive data, including intellectual property, trade secrets, financial information, regulatory information, strategic plans, sales trends, and forecasts. We rely to a large extent upon sophisticated information technology systems and network-connected control systems, some of which are managed, hosted, provided, or serviced by third parties. The adoption and interpretation of new tax legislation or exposure to additional tax liabilities could affect our profitability. Our ability to adequately and timely manufacture and supply our products and product candidates is dependent on the uninterrupted and efficient operation of our facilities and those of our third-party contract manufacturers. We are also required to conduct clinical trials using an appropriate number of trial sites and patients to support the product label claims. The timing of reimbursement policy decisions can affect our business. Legislative or regulatory changes in the United States or other federal or state government initiatives that decrease the coverage or reimbursement available for our products could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Our transformation and process improvement efforts across the company are enabling us to reallocate resources to fund many of our innovative pipeline and growth opportunities that deliver value to patients and stockholders. We believe our estimates for uncertain tax positions are appropriate and sufficient for any assessments that may result from examinations of our tax returns. Our success depends in part on our ability to obtain and defend patent rights and other intellectual property rights that are important to the commercialization of our products and product candidates. We are also involved in government investigations that arise in the ordinary course of our business. Our business activities outside of the United States are subject to the FCPA and similar anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws, regulations, or rules of other countries in which we operate. We must develop new products over time to provide for revenue growth and to offset revenue losses when products lose their exclusivity or competing products are launched. Our innovative pipeline continued to advance with the addition of cardiovascular outcomes data to the repatha® label in the United States. We also made investments in next-generation biomanufacturing that build on our expertise in human biology and protein manufacturing. Our ongoing process of evaluating potential acquisition activity opportunities is expected to contribute to our future growth and expand our geographic footprint, product offerings, and R&D pipeline. We face substantial competition and expect to face increasing competition from biosimilars and generics in the future. The complexity and interconnected nature of our systems make them potentially vulnerable to breakdown or other service interruptions. We continue to invest in the monitoring, protection, and resilience of our critical or sensitive data and systems. However, there can be no assurance that our efforts will detect, prevent, or fully recover systems or data from all breakdowns, service interruptions, attacks, or breaches of our systems that could adversely affect our business and operations.