We face intense competition as our businesses are rapidly evolving and intensely competitive, with many competitors in different industries, including retail, e-commerce services, digital content, and electronic devices. Some competitors may secure better terms from vendors and devote more resources to technology, infrastructure, fulfillment, and marketing. Our expansion places a significant strain on our management, operational, financial, and other resources, increasing the complexity of our business and placing significant strain on our management, personnel, operations, systems, technical performance, financial resources, and internal financial control and reporting functions. Our expansion into new products, services, technologies, and geographic regions subjects us to additional business, legal, financial, and competitive risks, including new and difficult technology challenges. We may not be able to manage growth effectively, which could damage our reputation and limit our growth. Our revenue growth may not be sustainable, and our percentage growth rates may decrease, depending on the continued growth of demand for the products and services offered by us or our sellers. Our ability to retain and increase sales to existing customers, attract new customers, and satisfy customer demands is critical. The introduction of competitive websites, products, services, and changes in usage or adoption rates of the internet, e-commerce, electronic devices, and web services may impact our performance. We expect spending in technology and content to increase over time as we add employees and technology infrastructure, which supports our efforts to enhance the customer experience and improve process efficiencies. Our technology and content investment and capital spending projects often support a variety of product and service offerings due to geographic expansion and the cross-functionality of our systems and operations. We seek to invest efficiently in several areas of technology and content, including AWS, to enhance the customer experience and improve our process efficiencies. Our technology infrastructure is essential for supporting our internal technology requirements and external sales to AWS customers. We rely on a limited number of shipping companies to deliver inventory and completed orders, and our ability to receive inbound inventory efficiently and ship completed orders may be negatively affected by various factors. We experience occasional system interruptions and delays that make our websites and services unavailable or slow to respond, which may reduce our net sales and the attractiveness of our products and services. The complexity of our fulfillment and data center networks increases as we add capability or new businesses with different requirements. We may not be able to operate our networks effectively, and a failure to optimize inventory in our fulfillment network may increase our net shipping costs. We also face risks related to system interruption and lack of redundancy, as our systems are not fully redundant and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient. Our reliance on third-party technology and systems for various functions, including encryption and authentication technology, may expose us to risks if these systems experience breaches or failures. We believe that advances in technology, specifically the speed and reduced cost of processing power and the advances of wireless connectivity, will continue to improve the consumer experience on the internet and increase its ubiquity in people's lives.