Our business and operations have experienced rapid growth, which has placed a strain on our management, administrative, operational, and financial infrastructure. To manage domestic and international growth effectively, we must continue to improve our operational, financial, and management controls and our reporting processes and procedures, and implement more extensive and integrated financial and business information systems. Our success will depend in part upon our ability to manage our growth effectively and to improve our systems and processes. We may experience difficulties in managing improvements to our systems and processes or in connection with third-party technology. Our systems and processes may not prevent or detect all errors, omissions, or fraud, and our failure to improve our systems and processes may result in disruption of our current operations and end-customer relationships. We have experienced unpredictability in the timing of large orders, especially with respect to our large end customers, due to the complexity of orders and the time it takes end customers to evaluate, test, qualify, and accept our products. The timing of the completion of these qualification activities for a few of our larger customers has extended beyond year-end and this has impacted our business. We continue to work with these customers to complete these procedures and improve the redesigns in order to meet customer requirements. Our cloud networking solutions consist of our extensible operating system, a set of network applications, and our Ethernet switching and routing platforms. The programmability of our operating system has allowed us to create a set of software applications that address the requirements of cloud networking, including workflow automation, network visibility, and analytics, and has also allowed us to rapidly integrate with a wide range of third-party applications for virtualization, management, automation, orchestration, and network services. We expect to continue growing our organization to meet the needs of new and existing customers as they increasingly realize the performance and cost benefits of our cloud networking solutions. Our research and development efforts are focused on maintaining and developing additional functionality for our existing products and on new product development, including new releases and upgrades to our software and applications. We expect our research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest heavily in software development in order to expand the capabilities of our cloud networking platform. We rely on third-party contract manufacturers to manufacture our product lines, and our reliance on these manufacturers reduces our control over the manufacturing process, quality assurance, product costs, and product supply and timing. Our business depends on end customers renewing their maintenance and support contracts, and any decline in maintenance renewals could harm our future business. We face intense competition, especially from larger, well-established companies, and we may lack sufficient financial or other resources to maintain or improve our competitive position. The market for data center networking, including the market for cloud networking, is intensely competitive, and we expect competition to increase in the future from established competitors and new market entrants. Our ability to compete will depend upon our ability to provide a better solution than our competitors at a more competitive price. We may be required to make substantial additional investments in research, development, marketing, and sales in order to respond to competition, and we cannot assure you that these investments will achieve any returns for us or that we will be able to compete successfully in the future.