Our commercial airplanes and global services businesses depend heavily on commercial airlines, which are subject to unique risks. Market conditions significantly impact demand for our commercial aircraft and related services, with the commercial aircraft market driven by long-term trends in airline passenger and cargo traffic. Demand for our commercial aircraft is influenced by airline profitability, availability of aircraft financing, and technological advances. The introduction of new aircraft programs involves risks associated with meeting development, testing, production, and certification schedules. Our ability to deliver aircraft on time and satisfy regulatory and customer requirements is subject to significant risks, including operational challenges impacting the production system. We must minimize disruption caused by production changes and achieve productivity improvements to meet customer demand and maintain profitability. We continue to seek opportunities to reduce the costs of building our aircraft, including working with suppliers to reduce costs and optimizing inventory management. Our commercial aircraft production system is complex, involving extensive coordination and integration with suppliers and highly-skilled labor. Operational issues, including delays or defects in supplier components, could result in significant out-of-sequence work and increased production costs. We rely on other companies, including subcontractors and suppliers, to provide and produce raw materials and integrated components, and any service disruption could materially affect our ability to meet commitments to our customers. We use estimates in accounting for many contracts and programs, and changes in our estimates could adversely affect our future financial results. The markets in which we operate are highly competitive, and one or more of our competitors may have more extensive or specialized engineering, manufacturing, and marketing capabilities. We anticipate increasing competition among non-U.S. aircraft manufacturers and the effects of defense industry consolidation. Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses, supplemented by Boeing Capital. We focus on producing products and providing services that the market demands while finding new ways to improve efficiency and quality. The aerospace markets we serve include parts distribution, logistics, and other inventory services; maintenance, engineering, and upgrades; training and professional services; and information services. Airlines are using data analytics to plan flight operations and predictive maintenance to improve productivity and efficiency. The U.S. government services market is the largest individual market, comprising over 50 percent of the government services markets served. The complexity of our development programs creates financial risk as additional completion costs may become necessary or scheduled delivery dates could be extended. Our business strategy may involve mergers, acquisitions, and joint ventures, and the realization of anticipated benefits from these activities depends on our ability to integrate operations and manage performance effectively. We face certain security threats, including threats to the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of our data and systems, and maintain an extensive network of technical security controls to address these threats. Unauthorized access to our or our customers' information and systems could negatively impact our business. We are subject to extensive regulation under U.S. laws, and government inquiries and investigations could potentially result in adverse rulings affecting our financial position and results of operations.