In the course of conducting our business operations, we are exposed to a variety of risks, including those inherent in the financial services industry and specific to our own businesses. Our operational and security systems infrastructure, including computer systems, data management, and internal processes, are integral to our performance. We rely on our employees and third parties in our day-to-day operations, which may expose us to risk due to human error, misconduct, or system failures. Our ability to implement backup systems and other safeguards is limited with respect to third-party systems. Technology project implementation challenges may cause business interruptions. We continuously update the systems on which we rely to support our operations and growth, which entails significant costs and creates risks associated with integrating new systems with existing ones. Cybersecurity risks have significantly increased in recent years due to the proliferation of new technologies and the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions. Our businesses rely on the secure processing, transmission, storage, and retrieval of confidential information in our computer and data management systems and networks. Cyber threats, including computer viruses and phishing attacks, could adversely affect our ability to conduct business, manage our exposure to risk, or expand our businesses. We have taken measures to implement controls, processes, and policies to protect our systems, but we may not be able to anticipate all security breaches. Our risk and exposure to cybersecurity threats remain heightened due to our size and role in the financial services industry. We also face indirect technology and operational risks relating to the customers, clients, and other third parties with whom we do business. Our risk management framework is designed to minimize risk and loss, and we seek to identify, measure, monitor, report, and control our exposure to various risks, including strategic, credit, market, liquidity, compliance, operational, and reputational risks. We employ a broad set of risk monitoring and mitigation techniques, including hedging strategies. Our risk management processes require sound data management and aggregation to produce accurate financial, regulatory, and operational reporting. The effectiveness of our risk management framework depends on a sound risk culture existing throughout the corporation. We also utilize various models to assess and control our market risk exposures, which are subject to inherent limitations. Our operational risk management program describes the processes for identifying, measuring, monitoring, controlling, and reporting operational risk information. We have established a culture reflective of our purpose to help make our customers' financial lives better, which is critical to effective risk management. Our strategic plan is consistent with our risk appetite, capital plan, and liquidity requirements, and we conduct capital scenario management and stress forecasting to understand balance sheet, earnings, and capital sensitivities. We utilize liquidity stress analysis to determine appropriate amounts of liquidity to maintain at the parent company and subsidiaries, and we maintain a diversified funding approach to minimize borrowing costs and facilitate timely responses to liquidity events. Our liquidity risk management practices include maintaining liquidity at the parent company and selected subsidiaries, determining appropriate liquidity amounts based on analysis of debt maturities and potential cash outflows, and performing contingency planning.