The markets for the services we offer are intensely competitive, and current and new competitors can launch new services at a relatively low cost. Some of our current and potential competitors, such as Google, Apple, Alibaba, Tencent, Amazon, and Facebook, have access to significantly greater and more diversified resources than we do, and they may be able to leverage other aspects of their businesses to enable them to compete more effectively with us. We have experienced a significant shift of both direct and indirect business to mobile platforms, and our advertising partners are also seeing a rapid shift of traffic to mobile platforms. The gross profit earned on a mobile transaction may be less than a typical desktop transaction due to different consumer purchasing patterns. The competitive pressure to innovate will encompass a wider range of services and technologies, including services and technologies that may be outside of our historical core business, and our ability to keep pace may slow. Our strategy involves continued expansion in regions throughout the world, which may have strong local competitors with established brands and travel service provider relationships that may make expansion in those markets difficult and costly. We believe that continuing to expand the number and variety of accommodations available through our services will help us to continue to grow our accommodation reservation business. Our growth has primarily been generated by our worldwide accommodation reservation service brand, Booking.com, which is our most significant brand, and has been due, in part, to the availability of a large and growing number of instantly bookable properties through Booking.com. We believe that adding these types of properties and service offerings will benefit our customers and our gross bookings, room night, and earnings growth rates. However, this results in additional payment processing costs, chargebacks, and other costs related to these transactions. We rely on performance and brand advertising channels to generate a significant amount of traffic to our websites and grow our business. Our performance advertising expense has increased significantly, and our performance advertising efficiency has declined in recent years, a trend we expect to continue. We may not be able to keep up with rapid technological changes. The markets in which we compete are characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, and changing consumer demands. Our future success will depend on our ability to adapt to rapidly changing technologies, to adapt our services and online platforms to evolving industry standards, and to continually innovate and improve the performance, features, and reliability of our services and online platforms in response to competitive service offerings and the evolving demands of the marketplace. We have invested considerable money and resources in the establishment and maintenance of our brands, and we will continue to invest resources in brand advertising, marketing, and other brand-building efforts to preserve and enhance consumer awareness of our brands. Our information technology expenses consist primarily of software license and system maintenance fees, data communications, and other expenses associated with operating our services. Information technology expenses increased due to growth in our worldwide operations. We may not be able to upgrade our systems and infrastructure to accommodate increased demand or fail to perform, which could impair our reputation, damage our brands, and materially and adversely affect our results of operations. Our reliance on various third-party distribution channels to distribute accommodation, rental car, and airline ticket reservations may also impact our business, market share, and results of operations.