We rely extensively on information technology to process transactions, compile results, and manage our businesses. Failure or disruption of our primary and back-up systems could adversely affect our businesses. A failure to adequately update our existing systems and implement new systems could harm our businesses and adversely affect our results of operations. Given the very high volume of transactions we process each year, it is important that we maintain uninterrupted operation of our business-critical computer systems. Our systems, including our back-up systems, are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, internal or external security breaches, catastrophic events such as fires, earthquakes, tornadoes and hurricanes, and errors by our employees. If our systems are damaged or cease to function properly, we may have to make significant investments to fix or replace them, and we may suffer interruptions in our operations in the interim. Any material interruption in these systems could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We are currently making, and will continue to make, significant technology investments to improve or replace critical information systems and processing capabilities. Failure to monitor and choose the right investments and implement them at the right pace would be harmful. The risk of system disruption is increased when significant system changes are undertaken, although we believe that our change management process will mitigate this risk. Excessive technological change could impact the effectiveness of adoption and could make it more difficult for us to realize benefits. Targeting the wrong opportunities, failing to make the best investments, or making an investment commitment significantly above or below our needs could result in the loss of our competitive position and adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, the potential problems and interruptions associated with implementing technology initiatives could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations. These initiatives might not provide the anticipated benefits or may provide them on a delayed schedule or at a higher cost. If we do not maintain the privacy and security of member-related and other business information, we could damage our reputation with members, incur substantial additional costs, and become subject to litigation. We receive, retain, and transmit personal information about our members and entrust that information to third-party business associates, including cloud service providers that perform activities for us. Our warehouse and online businesses depend upon the secure transmission of encrypted confidential information over public networks, including information permitting cashless payments. A compromise of our security systems or those of our business associates, that results in our members' information being obtained by unauthorized persons, could adversely affect our reputation with our members and others, as well as our operations, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and could result in litigation against us or the imposition of penalties. In addition, a breach could require that we expend significant additional resources related to the security of information systems and could disrupt our operations. Our ability to control costs is significantly influenced by our investments in technology and information systems, which are essential for operational efficiency and enhancing our business processes. We are making technology investments in our websites and mobile applications. If we are unable to make, improve, or develop relevant member-facing technology in a timely manner, our ability to compete and our results of operations could be adversely affected. Our central operating costs were higher, primarily due to increased costs associated with our information systems modernization, including increased depreciation for projects placed in service, incurred by our U.S. operations.