Our operating results may fluctuate in future periods, which may adversely affect our stock price. These fluctuations are influenced by various factors, including changes in sales and implementation cycles for our products and reduced visibility into our customers' spending plans. The introduction and market acceptance of new technologies and products, along with our success in new and evolving markets, including newer product categories such as data center and collaboration, are critical. The transformation of our business to deliver more software and subscription offerings, where revenue is recognized over time, is also essential. We have been investing and expect to continue to invest in key priority and growth areas such as security, IoT, collaboration, next-generation data center, cloud, and software, while maintaining leadership in routing, switching, and services. Our ability to achieve targeted cost reductions and benefits anticipated from our investments in engineering, sales, service, and marketing is crucial for our operational efficiency and business transformation. The markets in which we compete are characterized by rapid change, converging technologies, and a migration to networking and communications solutions that offer relative advantages, representing a competitive threat. Our strategic priorities include accelerating our pace of innovation, increasing the value of the network, and delivering technology in a manner that meets evolving customer needs. We believe that our customers are looking for intelligent networks that provide meaningful business value through automation, security, and analytics. Our vision is to deliver a highly secure, intelligent platform for digital businesses. Our growth and ability to meet customer demands depend on our ability to obtain timely deliveries of parts from our suppliers and contract manufacturers. We have experienced component shortages in the past, which have affected our operations. The success of new products depends on several factors, including proper new product definition, component costs, timely completion and introduction of these products, differentiation of new products from those of our competitors, and market acceptance of these products. We must commit significant resources to developing new products before knowing whether our investments will result in market-accepted products. The inherent nature of networking requires interoperability, and we must cooperate and compete with many companies simultaneously. Our inventory management relating to our sales to our two-tier distribution channel is complex, and excess inventory may harm our gross margins. We regularly evaluate our exposure for inventory write-downs and the adequacy of our liability for purchase commitments. We believe that the amount of our inventory and purchase commitments is appropriate for our revenue levels. Our financing arrangements include leases, loans, and financed service contracts, which are essential for our operational flexibility and customer relationships. The markets for our products are characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, and new product introductions, and our operating results depend on our ability to develop and introduce