We operate in a competitive business environment and may not be able to compete effectively. Our principal competitors include other vendors of financial services technology, data processing affiliates of large companies, and processing centers owned and operated as user cooperatives. Many of our larger existing and potential clients have historically developed their key applications in-house, leading us to compete against our existing or potential clients' in-house capabilities. Our ability to enhance our current products and services and to develop and introduce innovative products and services that address the increasingly sophisticated needs of our clients and their customers will significantly affect our future success. The markets for our products and services are characterized by constant technological changes, frequent introductions of new products and services, and increasing client expectations. If we fail to adapt our products and services to changes in technology or in the marketplace, or if our ongoing efforts to upgrade our technology are not successful, we could lose clients or have trouble attracting new clients, and our ability to grow may be limited. The success of certain of our products and services relies, in part, on financial institutions, billers, and other third parties to promote the use of our products and services by their customers. Security breaches, computer malware, or other cyber attacks could harm our business by disrupting our delivery of services and damaging our reputation. Our operations depend on receiving, storing, processing, and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to our business, our associates, our clients, and their customers. Any unauthorized intrusion or similar act could disrupt the integrity, continuity, security, and trust of our systems or data. Operational failures could harm our business and reputation, potentially causing us to lose clients. An operational failure could be caused by our actions or the actions of third parties and could involve networks and systems upon which we rely to deliver our services. We may experience software defects, development delays, or installation difficulties, which would harm our business and reputation and expose us to potential liability. Our services are based on sophisticated software and computer systems, and we may encounter delays when developing new applications and services. We expect to acquire businesses when we identify a compelling strategic need, such as a product, service, or technology that helps meet client demand. Our enterprise priorities include enhancing client relationships with an emphasis on digital and payment solutions, and delivering innovation and integration which enables differentiated value for our clients. The market for products and services offered by financial institutions continues to evolve rapidly, with traditional financial industry and other market entrants regularly introducing and implementing new payment, deposit, lending, investment, and risk management products. Financial institutions will continue to invest significant capital and human resources to process transactions, manage information, maintain regulatory compliance, and offer innovative new services to their customers in this rapidly evolving and competitive environment. We believe that our sizable and diverse client base, combined with our position as a leading provider of non-discretionary, recurring revenue-based products and services, gives us a solid foundation for growth. The integration of our products and services creates a compelling value proposition for our clients. We anticipate that demand for products that facilitate customer interaction with financial institutions will continue to increase, which we expect to create revenue opportunities for us.