Our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process and monitor, on a daily basis, a very large number of transactions, many of which are highly complex and occur at high volumes and frequencies, across numerous and diverse markets in many currencies. Compliance with these legal and reporting requirements can be challenging, and we have been, and may in the future be, subject to regulatory fines and penalties for failing to report timely, accurate and complete information. As reporting requirements expand, compliance with these rules and regulations has become more challenging. We must continuously update our systems to support our operations and growth and to respond to changes in regulations and markets, and invest heavily in systemic controls and training to ensure that such transactions do not violate applicable rules and regulations or, due to errors in processing such transactions, adversely affect markets, our clients and counterparties or us. We have recently entered new retail-oriented deposit-taking and lending businesses, and we currently expect to expand the product and geographic scope of our offerings. Entering into such new businesses subjects us to numerous additional regulations in the jurisdictions in which these businesses operate. Not only are these regulations extensive, but they involve types of regulations and supervision, as well as regulatory compliance risks, that we have not previously encountered. We face the risk of significant intervention by law enforcement, regulatory and taxing authorities, as well as private litigation, in all jurisdictions in which we conduct our businesses. Our businesses are increasingly subject to laws and regulations relating to surveillance, encryption and data on-shoring in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Compliance with these laws and regulations may require us to change our policies, procedures and technology for information security, which could, among other things, make us more vulnerable to cyber attacks and misappropriation, corruption or loss of information or technology. We have made significant investments in technology to monitor market risk, including risk measures calculated at individual position levels and the ability to produce ad hoc analyses in a timely manner. Our operational risk management framework consists of the identification and rating of operational risks, on a forward-looking basis, and the related controls. We have established policies that require our revenue-producing units and our independent control and support functions to report and escalate operational risk events. Our risk management structure is built around governance, processes and people, with a comprehensive control framework designed to provide a well-controlled environment to minimize operational risks. We employ a variety of risk measures to monitor market risk, including value-at-risk (var) and stress tests, which are used to assess capital adequacy as part of our capital planning and stress testing process. We also utilize these stress tests to estimate the direct impact of certain hypothetical events on our country exposures. Our liquidity risk management policies are designed to ensure we have a sufficient amount of financing, even when funding markets experience persistent stress. We manage the maturities and diversity of our funding across markets, products and counterparties, and seek to maintain a diversified funding profile with an appropriate tenor, taking into consideration the characteristics and liquidity profile of our assets. Our liquidity risk management framework includes stress testing and limit governance, and we maintain a viable contingency funding plan.