Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, many of which could cause our future results to be materially different than we presently anticipate. Strategic risks relate to our current and future operating model, business plans, and growth strategy, including the risks associated with our ability to adapt to technological changes and global trends. We face intense competitive pressures that may harm our operating results. Our competitors may introduce superior products and services, reduce prices, and have greater technical, marketing, and other resources. Future revenue growth depends upon our ability to adapt to technological change as well as global trends in the way customers access consumer software offerings and successfully introduce new and enhanced products, services, and business models. We need to continue to develop our skills, tools, and capabilities to capitalize on existing and emerging technologies, which require us to devote significant resources. Our consumer and professional tax businesses depend significantly on revenue from customers who return each year to use our updated tax preparation and filing software and services. If we are not able to develop and clearly demonstrate the value of new or upgraded products or services to our customers, or effectively utilize our customers' data, our revenues may be harmed. We have devoted significant resources to develop products and services for users of alternative devices, but the versions of our products and services developed for these devices may not be compelling to users. If we are slow to develop products and technologies that are compatible with these alternative devices, or if our competitors are able to achieve those results more quickly than us, we will fail to capture a significant share of an increasingly important portion of the market for online services. Our technologies, systems, and networks and our customers' devices have been subject to, and are likely to continue to be the target of, cyber-attacks, computer viruses, and other information security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss, or destruction of our customers' or employees' sensitive and personal information and data. We rely on various third-party partners, including software and service providers, to deliver our offerings and operate our business. The failure of third parties to provide acceptable and high-quality products, services, and technologies may result in a disruption to our business operations and our customers, which may reduce our revenues and profits, cause us to lose customers, and damage our reputation. Our growth is increasingly dependent on the strength of our business relationships and our ability to continue to develop, manage, and maintain new and existing relationships. As we continue transitioning to offer more connected services, the ongoing operation and availability of our information technology and communication systems and those of our external service providers is becoming increasingly important. We are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities. We have encountered difficulty in launching new products and services in the past. If we misjudge customer needs in the future, our new products and services may not succeed and our revenues and earnings may be harmed. We regularly invest resources to update and improve our internal information technology systems and software platforms. Should our investments not succeed, or if delays or other issues with new or existing internal technology systems and software platforms disrupt our operations, our business could be harmed. Our business operations, data centers, information technology, and communications systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, human error, malicious attacks, and other events beyond our control.