We depend heavily on contracts with the U.S. government for a substantial portion of our business. Our main areas of focus are in defense, space, intelligence, homeland security, and information technology, including cybersecurity. We operate in an environment characterized by both increasing complexity in global security and continuing economic pressures in the U.S. and globally. A significant component of our strategy in this environment is to focus on program execution, improving the quality and predictability of the delivery of our products and services, and placing security capability quickly into the hands of our U.S. and international customers at affordable prices. We continue to focus on affordability initiatives. We also expect to continue to invest in technologies to fulfill new mission requirements for our customers and invest in our people so that we have the technical skills necessary to succeed without limiting our ability to return a substantial portion of our free cash flow to our investors in the form of dividends and share repurchases. Our business involves significant risks and uncertainties that may not be covered by indemnity or insurance. Our operations are subject to and affected by a variety of federal, state, local, and foreign environmental protection laws and regulations. We routinely experience various cybersecurity threats, threats to our information technology infrastructure, unauthorized attempts to gain access to our company sensitive information, and denial-of-service attacks as do our customers, suppliers, subcontractors, and venture partners. We have a computer incident response team (CIRT) which has among its responsibilities defending against such attacks. Additionally, we conduct regular periodic training of our employees as to the protection of sensitive information which includes training intended to prevent the success of "phishing" attacks. We experience similar security threats at customer sites that we operate and manage. If we are unable to protect sensitive information, our customers or governmental authorities could question the adequacy of our threat mitigation and detection processes and procedures, and depending on the severity of the incident, our customers' data, our employees' data, our intellectual property, and other third-party data could be compromised. Our enterprise risk management program includes threat detection and cybersecurity mitigation plans, and our disclosure controls and procedures address cybersecurity and include elements intended to ensure that there is an analysis of potential disclosure obligations arising from security breaches. We also maintain compliance programs to address the potential applicability of restrictions against trading while in possession of material, nonpublic information generally and in connection with a cybersecurity breach. We must rely on the safeguards put in place by these entities, as well as other entities, which we do not control, who have access to our information, and may affect the security of our information. Our business strategy includes evaluating companies and entering into agreements regarding possible acquisitions, divestitures, ventures, and equity investments. We seek to identify acquisition or investment opportunities that will expand or complement our existing products and services or customer base, at attractive valuations. We also expect to continue to invest in technologies to fulfill new mission requirements for our customers. Our profitability and cash flow may vary based on the mix of our contracts and programs, our performance, our ability to control costs, and evolving U.S. government procurement policies. Our operating performance is also dependent upon personnel who hold security clearances and receive substantial training in order to work on certain programs or tasks. To remain competitive, we consistently must maintain strong customer relationships and provide superior performance, advanced technology solutions, and service at an affordable cost and with the agility that our customers require to satisfy their mission objectives.