Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our financial performance has been and will continue to be significantly determined by our success in adding, retaining, and engaging active users of our products. If people do not perceive our products to be useful, reliable, and trustworthy, we may not be able to attract or retain users or otherwise maintain or increase the frequency and duration of their engagement. We are unable to manage and prioritize information to ensure users are presented with content that is appropriate, interesting, useful, and relevant to them. Our user engagement patterns have changed over time, and user engagement can be difficult to measure, particularly as we introduce new and different products and services. Our ability to compete effectively depends upon many factors including the popularity, usefulness, ease of use, performance, and reliability of our products compared to our competitors' products. We face significant competition in every aspect of our business, including from companies that facilitate communication and the sharing of content and information, companies that enable marketers to display advertising, and companies that provide development platforms for applications developers. Our business is highly competitive, and competition presents an ongoing threat to the success of our business. We are dependent on the interoperability of Facebook and our other products with popular mobile operating systems, networks, and standards that we do not control. Our ability to maintain and scale our technical infrastructure is critical, and any significant disruption in our service could damage our reputation, result in a potential loss of users and engagement, and adversely affect our financial results. Our products and internal systems rely on software that is highly technical, and if it contains undetected errors or vulnerabilities, our business could be adversely affected. Our systems may not be adequately designed with the necessary reliability and redundancy to avoid performance delays or outages that could be harmful to our business. We have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, interruptions in the availability or performance of our products from time to time. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain, and serve our users is dependent upon the reliable performance of our products and our underlying technical infrastructure. We will need an increasing amount of technical infrastructure, including network capacity and computing power, to continue to satisfy the needs of our users and advertisers. Our ability to effectively scale and grow our technical infrastructure to accommodate increased demands may adversely affect our user engagement and advertising revenue growth. We may also take actions regarding the distribution of our products or the operation of our business based on what we believe to be in our long-term best interests, which may adversely affect our users and our relationships with the operators of mobile operating systems, handset manufacturers, mobile carriers, or other business partners. Our current or future products, such as our development tools and application programming interfaces that enable developers to build, grow, and monetize mobile and web applications, may reduce user activity on our products. We believe that our ability to compete effectively depends upon our ability to establish and maintain developers' interest in building mobile and web applications that integrate with Facebook and our other products. We may not be successful in maintaining or developing relationships with key participants in the mobile ecosystem or in developing products that operate effectively with these technologies, systems, networks, or standards.