We rely on the efficient, uninterrupted and secure operation of complex information technology systems and networks to operate our business and securely process, transmit and store electronic information. Our information technology systems and safety control systems, and those of our numerous third-party providers, are potentially vulnerable to damage or interruption from a variety of external threats, including cyber-attacks, computer viruses and other malware, ransomware and other types of data and systems related incidents. The breadth and complexity of the technologies we use continue to grow, including as a result of the use of mobile devices, cloud services, social media and the increased reliance on devices connected to the internet, which increases the potential risk of security breaches and cyber-attacks. We face the ongoing challenge of managing access controls in a complex environment, and the latency of a compromise is often measured in months but could be years, and we may not be able to detect a compromise in a timely manner. Our ability to maintain a competitive position depends on our capacity to anticipate and respond effectively to the threat of digital disruption and other technological change, which includes investing in new technologies and new ways to deliver our products and services. We have a number of strategic initiatives involving investments in technology systems and infrastructure to support our growth strategy. If we do not keep up with technological changes or execute well on our strategic initiatives, our business and results of operations could be adversely impacted. Our operations depend in particular upon our ability to protect our technology infrastructure against damage. If a business continuity event occurs, we could lose client or company data or experience interruptions to our operations or delivery of services to our clients, which could have a material adverse effect. We regularly assess and take steps to improve our existing business continuity plans and key management succession. Our reliance on a large number of vendors and other third parties to provide services, data and information such as technology, information security, funds transfers, data processing, and administration and support functions that are critical to the operations of our business exposes us to risks that their decisions or operations may adversely impact us. We are subject to numerous claims, lawsuits and proceedings including claims for errors and omissions, which may subject us to significant liability for monetary damages and may divert personnel and management resources. The company has a history of making acquisitions and investments, and the process of integrating the information systems of the businesses we acquire is complex and exposes us to additional risk. We may not adequately identify weaknesses in an acquired entity's information systems, which could affect the value we are able to derive from the acquisition, expose us to unexpected liabilities or make our own systems more vulnerable to a cyber-attack. Our IT capability, broadly defined as the IT function’s competence to effectively support business needs, has become a key in transforming a firm into a competitive force. The evolving needs and financial circumstances of our clients may reduce demand for our consulting services and our revenues and profitability. The company’s investments may include direct investments in insurance, consulting and related companies and investments in private equity funds, which are subject to general credit, liquidity, counterparty, foreign exchange, market and interest rate risks. Our ability to compete successfully depends on a variety of factors, including the sophistication and quality of our services, our pricing relative to competitors, and our ability to respond to changes in client demand and industry conditions.