Our operations could also be affected by other factors that are presently unknown to us or not considered significant. We face intense competition in the semiconductor memory and storage markets from a number of companies, including large corporations or conglomerates that may have greater resources to invest in technology, capitalize on growth opportunities, and withstand downturns in the semiconductor markets in which we compete. Our inability to maintain or improve gross margins could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. The competitive nature of our industry could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We must make significant capital investments in manufacturing technology, capital equipment, facilities, R&D, and product and process technology. Our future success depends on our ability to develop and produce competitive new memory and storage technologies. Our key semiconductor memory and storage products and technologies face technological barriers to continue to meet long-term customer needs. Our competitors are working to develop new memory and storage technologies that may offer performance and cost advantages to existing technologies and render existing technologies obsolete. We have entered into strategic relationships, including our IMFT joint venture with Intel, to manufacture products and develop new manufacturing process technologies and products. These joint ventures and strategic relationships are subject to various risks that could adversely affect the value of our investments and our results of operations. Our development of system-level memory and storage products is dependent, in part, upon successfully identifying and meeting our customers' specifications of those products. Developing and manufacturing system-level products with specifications unique to a customer increases our reliance upon that customer for purchasing our products in sufficient volume, quantity, and in a timely manner. Our joint ventures and strategic relationships, if unsuccessful, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We maintain a system of controls over our intellectual property, including U.S. and foreign patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secret laws, licensing arrangements, confidentiality procedures, non-disclosure agreements with employees, consultants, and vendors, and a general system of internal controls. Our ability to maintain and develop intellectual property is dependent upon our ability to attract, develop, and retain highly skilled employees. Our operations require raw materials, and in certain cases, third-party services, that meet exacting standards. We generally have multiple sources of supply for our raw materials and services. However, only a limited number of suppliers are capable of delivering certain raw materials and services that meet our standards. Our inability to obtain equipment on a timely basis could adversely affect our ability to transition to next-generation manufacturing processes and reduce our costs. We are continuously evaluating alternatives for efficiently funding our capital expenditures and ongoing operations. We expect that our cash and investments, cash flows from operations, and available financing will be sufficient to meet our requirements at least through the next 12 months. To develop new product and process technology, support future growth, achieve operating efficiencies, and maintain product quality, we must continue to invest in manufacturing technologies, facilities and equipment, and R&D. Our investments consist primarily of liquid investment-grade fixed-income securities, diversified among industries and individual issuers. We are subject to a variety of laws and regulations that may result in additional costs and liabilities. Our failure, or the failure of our joint ventures, to comply with these laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.