Our ability to provide our members with compelling content choices, as well as a quality experience for selecting and viewing TV shows and movies, is crucial for attracting and retaining memberships. The market for entertainment video is intensely competitive and subject to rapid change, with various economic models, including subscription and transactional models, that could capture meaningful segments of the market. We face risks related to competition, including the introduction of new competitors and their pricing strategies, which could adversely impact our ability to attract and retain memberships. As we expand our operations internationally, we are managing and adjusting our business to address varied content offerings, consumer customs, and differing legal and regulatory environments. We are also developing technology and utilizing third-party cloud computing services to scale our streaming service effectively and reliably. Our technology and development expenses consist of payroll and related expenses for all technology personnel, as well as costs incurred in making improvements to our service offerings, including testing, maintaining, and modifying our user interface, recommendation, merchandising, and streaming delivery technology and infrastructure. We have built our own global content delivery network to help us efficiently stream a high volume of content to our members over the internet. Our ability to attract and retain members is dependent upon the reliable performance and security of our computer systems and those of third parties that we utilize in our operations. Any significant disruption in or unauthorized access to our computer systems could result in a loss or degradation of service, unauthorized disclosure of data, or theft of intellectual property, which could adversely impact our business. We rely upon Amazon Web Services to operate certain aspects of our service, and any disruption of or interference with our use of AWS would impact our operations. We utilize a combination of proprietary and third-party technology to operate our business, including technology developed to recommend and merchandise content to our consumers and enable fast and efficient delivery of content. Our recommendation and merchandising technology must enable us to predict and recommend titles that our members will enjoy; otherwise, our ability to attract and retain members may be adversely affected. We are also subject to payment processing risk, as our members pay for our service using various payment methods, and disruptions in our payment processing systems could adversely impact our revenue and operating expenses. The adoption or modification of laws or regulations relating to the internet could limit or adversely affect the manner in which we conduct our business. We are subject to risks arising from our international operations, including the need to adapt our content and user interfaces for specific cultural and language differences. Our substantial indebtedness and other obligations may limit our ability to borrow additional funds for working capital and restrict our business operations. Our ability to make payments on our debt will depend on our financial and operating performance, which is subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions. We believe that a positive reputation with consumers concerning our service is important in attracting and retaining members, and our marketing efforts must effectively promote our content to drive viewing by our members. If we are unable to manage change and growth, our business could be adversely affected, particularly as we expand our original programming and scale our streaming service.