We operate in rapidly changing economic and technological environments that present numerous risks, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. Our Oracle cloud strategy, including our Oracle software as a service (SaaS), platform as a service (PaaS), infrastructure as a service (IaaS), and data as a service (DaaS) offerings, may adversely affect our revenues and profitability. As customers deploy with the Oracle cloud, many are adopting a hybrid IT model whereby certain of their IT instances are deployed using the Oracle cloud, while other instances are deployed using Oracle on-premise offerings. The increasing prevalence of cloud and SaaS delivery models offered by us and our competitors may unfavorably impact the pricing of our on-premise enterprise software offerings and our cloud offerings, which has reduced and could continue to reduce our revenues and profitability. Our success depends upon our ability to develop new products and services, integrate acquired products and services, and enhance our existing products and services. Rapid technological advances, changing delivery models, and evolving standards in computer hardware and software development characterize the industries in which we compete. If we are unable to develop new or sufficiently differentiated products and services, enhance and improve our product offerings and support services in a timely manner, or position and price our products and services to meet demand, customers may not purchase or subscribe to our software, hardware, or cloud offerings. We have a reputation for secure and reliable product offerings and related services, and we have invested significantly in protecting the integrity and security of our products, services, and the internal and external data that we manage. We are in the IT business, and our products and services, including our Oracle cloud offerings, store, retrieve, manipulate, and manage our customers' information and data. Our cloud and on-premise offerings are delivered to over 400,000 worldwide customers through a variety of flexible and interoperable IT deployment models that enable customer choice and best meet customer IT needs. Our integrated Oracle cloud offerings are designed to be rapidly deployable to enable customers shorter time to innovation; easily maintainable to reduce integration and testing work; connectable among differing deployment models to enable interchangeability and extendibility between cloud and on-premise IT environments; and compatible to easily move workloads between on-premise IT environments and the Oracle cloud. Our products and services are the building blocks of our Oracle cloud services, our partners' cloud services, and our customers' cloud IT environments. We focus our development efforts on improving the performance, security, operation, and integration of these differing technologies to make them more cost-effective and easier to deploy, manage, and maintain for our customers. As customers deploy with the Oracle cloud, many are adopting a hybrid IT model whereby certain of their IT instances are deployed using the Oracle cloud, while other of their IT instances are deployed using Oracle on-premise offerings. Our comprehensive and fully integrated stack of Oracle cloud SaaS, PaaS, and IaaS offerings integrates the software, hardware, and services on the customers' behalf in IT environments that we deploy, support, and manage for the customer.