We rely on external service providers to perform certain key technology, processing, servicing, and support functions. Our operations are highly dependent on the integrity of our technology systems and our ability to make timely enhancements and additions to our systems. System interruptions, errors, or downtime can result from a variety of causes, including changes in client use patterns, technological failure, changes to our systems, linkages with third-party systems, and power failures. Our business and operations could be negatively impacted by business or system interruptions, errors, or downtime, which could arise from various causes, including natural disasters, terrorist attacks, technological failure, cyber attacks, and similar events. We maintain a backup and recovery infrastructure which includes facilities for backup and communications, a geographically dispersed workforce, and routine testing of business continuity and disaster recovery plans. Information security risks for financial institutions are increasing, partly due to the use of the internet and mobile technologies to conduct financial transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, activists, hackers, and other external parties. We have designed and implemented an information security program that knits together complementary tools, controls, and technologies to protect systems, client accounts, and data. We continuously monitor the systems and work collaboratively with government agencies, law enforcement, and other financial institutions to address potential threats. Our systems and those of other financial institutions have been and are likely to continue to be the target of cyber attacks, malicious code, computer viruses, and denial of service attacks that could result in unauthorized access, misuse, loss, or destruction of data, including confidential client information. Despite our efforts to ensure the integrity of our systems, we may not be able to anticipate or implement effective preventive measures against all security breaches. We face operational risk when we employ the services of various third parties, including domestic and international outsourcing of certain technology, processing, servicing, and support functions. We manage the exposure to third-party risk through contractual provisions, control standards, ongoing monitoring of third-party performance, and appropriate testing. We have established policies and procedures regarding the standard of care expected with all data, whether the data is internal company information, employee information, or non-public client information. Our business activities expose us to a variety of risks, including operational, credit, market, liquidity, and compliance risk. We have a comprehensive risk management program to identify and manage these risks and their associated potential for financial and reputational impact. We have specific policies and procedures to identify and manage operational risk, and use periodic risk and control self-assessments, control testing programs, and internal audit reviews to evaluate the effectiveness of these internal controls. Our risk management process is comprised of risk identification and assessment, risk measurement, risk monitoring and reporting, and risk mitigation. We have established risk metrics and reporting that enable measurement of the impact of strategy execution against risk appetite. The global risk committee is responsible for the oversight of risk management, including identifying emerging risks, assessing risk management practices, and reinforcing business accountability for risk management. We monitor and respond to changes in the balance sheet to keep interest-rate sensitivity within established limits. Our investment strategy is structured to produce an increase in net interest revenue when interest rates rise and, conversely, a decrease in net interest revenue when interest rates fall. We seek to maintain client confidence in the balance sheet and the safety of client assets by maintaining liquidity and diversity of funding sources to allow the company to meet its obligations.