We are continuously expanding and improving our information technology systems and use security measures designed to protect our systems against breaches and cyber-attacks. The implementation, maintenance and improvement of these systems require significant management time, support and cost. Moreover, there are inherent risks associated with developing, improving and expanding our core systems as well as implementing new systems, including the disruption of our data management, procurement, manufacturing execution, finance, supply chain and sales and service processes. These risks may affect our ability to manage our data and inventory, procure parts or supplies or manufacture, sell, deliver and service vehicles, or achieve and maintain compliance with, or realize available benefits under, tax laws and other applicable regulations. We also maintain information technology measures designed to protect us against system security risks, data breaches and cyber-attacks. If we do not successfully implement, maintain or expand these systems as planned, our operations may be disrupted, our ability to accurately and/or timely report our financial results could be impaired, and deficiencies may arise in our internal control over financial reporting, which may impact our ability to certify our financial results. Our proprietary information could be compromised and our reputation may be adversely affected. If these systems or their functionality do not operate as we expect them to, we may be required to expend significant resources to make corrections or find alternative sources for performing these functions. Our production vehicle fleet includes our model s premium sedan and our model x sport utility vehicle, which are our highest-performance vehicles, and our model 3, a lower priced sedan designed for the mass market which we began to produce and deliver in the second half of 2017. We continue to enhance our vehicle offerings with enhanced autopilot options, internet connectivity and free over-the-air software updates to provide additional safety, convenience and performance features. Our goal is to become the best manufacturer in the automotive industry, and having cutting edge robotic expertise in-house is at the core of that goal. Our recent acquisitions of advanced automation companies have added to our talent base and are helping us increase vehicle production rates more effectively. The worldwide automotive market for alternative fuel vehicles and self-driving technology are highly competitive and we expect them to become even more so. We welcome the acceleration of the world's transition to sustainable transport. Nonetheless, we believe that the unique features of our vehicles, our constant innovation, our growing brand, the increased affordability introduced with model 3, our global supercharger network and our future vehicles, will continue to generate incremental demand for our vehicles by making our vehicles accessible to larger and previously untapped consumer and commercial markets. We expect model 3 production and deliveries to grow significantly in 2018. The initial phase of manufacturing any new vehicle is always challenging, and the model 3 production ramp has been no exception, particularly given our focus on highly automated manufacturing processes, that we expect will ultimately result in higher volumes at significantly lower costs. We have redirected our best engineering talent to gigafactory 1 to fine-tune the automated processes and related robotic programming not only to address the challenges we have experienced but also to continue evaluating our overall manufacturing process for efficiencies. We are also making strides in other aspects of our vehicle production, deliveries and customer infrastructure. For example, we expect to continue to lower the cost of manufacturing our vehicles due to economies of scale, material cost reductions and more efficient manufacturing and equipment utilization.