We face substantial competition that requires us to respond rapidly to product development and pricing pressures. We face intense technological and pricing competition in the markets in which we operate. Our ability to match inventory and production with the product mix needed to fill orders may affect our ability to meet a quarter's revenue forecast. Our results of operations also might suffer because of a general decline in customer demand resulting from, for example, breaches of customer information technology systems that disrupt customer operations. Our operating results and our reputation could be adversely affected by breaches or disruptions of information technology systems. Breaches or disruptions of our information technology systems or the systems of our customers, vendors, and other third parties could be caused by factors such as computer viruses, system failures, restricted network access, unauthorized access, terrorism, employee malfeasance, or human error. These events could compromise our information technology networks; result in corrupt or lost data or the unauthorized release of our, our customers' or our suppliers' confidential or proprietary information; cause a disruption to our manufacturing and other operations; or cause us to incur costs associated with increased protection, remediation or penalties, any of which could adversely affect our operating results and our reputation. Rapid technological change in markets we serve requires us to develop new technologies and products. Our results of operations depend in part upon our ability to successfully develop, manufacture and market innovative products in a timely manner. We make significant investments in research and development to improve existing technology and products and develop new ones to meet changing customer demands. In some cases, we might not realize a return on our investments because they are generally made before commercial viability can be assured. Our access to needed goods and services may be adversely affected by potential disputes with suppliers or disruptions in our suppliers' operations as a result of, for example: quality excursions; uncertainty regarding the stability of global credit and financial markets; domestic or international political, social, economic and other conditions; natural events in the locations in which our suppliers operate; or limited or delayed access to key raw materials, natural resources and utilities. Additionally, a breach of our suppliers' information technology systems could result in a release of our confidential or proprietary information. Our relationships with customers and suppliers may be adversely affected if we are unable to describe our products as conflict-free. Our inability to timely implement new manufacturing technologies or install manufacturing equipment could adversely affect our results of operations. We rely on third parties to supply us with goods and services in a cost-effective and timely manner. Our operations could be affected by the complex laws, rules and regulations to which our business is subject. Compliance with these laws, rules and regulations may be onerous and expensive and could restrict our ability to manufacture or ship our products and operate our business. Our continued success depends in part on our ability to retain and recruit a sufficient number of qualified employees in a competitive environment. Our continued success depends in part on the retention and recruitment of skilled personnel, including engineering, management, marketing, technical and staff personnel. Skilled and experienced personnel in our industry are in high demand, and competition for their talents is intense. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully retain and recruit the key engineering, management and technical personnel that we require to execute our business strategy. Our ability to successfully implement business and organizational changes could affect our business plans and results of operations. From time to time, we undertake business and organizational changes, including acquisitions, divestitures and restructuring actions, to support or carry out our strategic objectives. Our failure to successfully implement these changes could adversely affect our business plans and operating results.