We rely on information technology in all aspects of our business. If we do not have sufficient capital to acquire new technology or if we are unable to develop or implement new technology such as positive train control or the latest version of our transportation control systems, we may suffer a competitive disadvantage within the rail industry and with companies providing other modes of transportation service. Additionally, if a cyber attack or other event causes significant disruption or failure of one or more of our information technology systems, including computer hardware, software, and communications equipment, we could suffer a significant service interruption, safety failure, security breach, or other operational difficulties, which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. We must build or acquire and maintain our rail system, while trucks, barges, and maritime operators are able to use public rights-of-way maintained by public entities. Our capital plan includes expenditures to renew and improve our existing infrastructure as well as new capacity investments, including initial construction work on a new classification yard in our southern region. Significant investments in technology improvements are planned, including positive train control. We expect to take delivery of approximately 60 new locomotives in 2018, which will complete our multi-year purchase commitments. Our ability to leverage our resources and strengthen our franchise is critical, particularly in the context of ongoing productivity initiatives and pricing opportunities. We face competition from other railroads and other transportation providers, and in addition to price competition, we face competition with respect to transit times and quality and reliability of service. Our average train speed decreased compared to the previous year, and our average terminal dwell time increased, reflecting the impact of disruptions across our network. Continued implementation and testing of positive train control across a growing number of routes in our network also negatively impacted overall average train speed and terminal dwell. We will continue using and expanding the deployment of total safety culture and courage to care throughout our operations, which allows us to identify and implement best practices for employee and operational safety. Our operational efficiency and ability to meet demand for rail service are influenced by changes in demographics, training requirements, and the availability of qualified personnel. We expect our capital plan to be approximately $3.3 billion, which may be revised if business conditions or the regulatory environment affect our ability to generate sufficient returns on these investments. Our annual capital plan is a critical component of our long-term strategic plan, enhancing the long-term value of the company for our shareholders by providing sufficient resources to replace and improve our existing track infrastructure to provide safe and fluid operations, increase network efficiency, and make investments that meet customer demand. We are subject to significant governmental regulation, and many laws and regulations require us to obtain and maintain various licenses, permits, and other authorizations. Our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on us. The integration of our systems with other railroads whose implementation plans may differ could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.