We rely heavily on information technology networks and systems, including the internet, to manage or support a wide variety of important business processes and activities throughout our operations. Our information technology systems are critical for receiving package level information in advance of physical receipt of packages, tracking items that move through our delivery systems, efficiently planning deliveries, executing billing processes, and tracking and reporting financial and operational data. The provision of service to our customers and the operation of our networks and systems involve the storage and transmission of significant amounts of proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data, including personal information of customers, employees, and others. We regularly move data across national borders, which subjects us to a variety of continuously evolving and developing laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection, and data security. Our information technology systems may be susceptible to damage, disruptions, or shutdowns due to failures during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases, or components thereof, power outages, hardware failures, computer viruses, cyber-attacks, ransomware attacks, malware attacks, and human errors. We also depend on and interact with the information technology networks and systems of third parties for many aspects of our business operations, including our customers and franchisees. These third parties may have access to information we maintain about our company, operations, customers, employees, and vendors, or operating systems that are critical to or can significantly impact our business operations. Security processes, protocols, and standards that we have implemented may not be sufficient or effective at preventing data breaches and cyber-attacks, which could result in unauthorized access to, or disruptions or denials of access to, or misuse of, information or systems that are important to our business. Any of these events could result in disruptions in our operations, the loss of existing or potential customers, damage to our brand and reputation, regulatory scrutiny, and litigation and potential liability for the company. We have invested and continue to invest in technology security initiatives, information technology risk management, and disaster recovery plans. The cost and operational consequences of implementing, maintaining, and enhancing further data or system protection measures could increase significantly to overcome increasingly intense, complex, and sophisticated global cyber threats. Despite our best efforts, we are not fully insulated from data breaches and system disruptions. We have experienced incidents that have required significant additional effort and expense to deter, identify, mitigate, and/or eliminate future breaches. The continued deployment of technology to increase package sorting and delivery productivity is essential to our operational efficiency. Our business transformation initiatives are supported by strategic investments in technology that enhance our capabilities and improve our responsiveness to market dynamics. The evolving landscape of digital technologies and the integration of IT capabilities into our business processes are critical for maintaining competitive advantage and achieving operational flexibility.