Our business depends on the overall demand for information technology, network connectivity, and access to data and applications. The networking market is rapidly evolving, and if this market does not evolve as anticipated or our target end customers do not adopt our networking solutions, we may not be able to compete effectively. We face intense competition and industry consolidation, which may harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. Our ability to provide networking solutions that address the needs of end customers more effectively and economically than those of other competitors or existing technologies is crucial. We have made substantial investments to develop new products and services and enhancements to existing products through our acquisitions and research and development efforts to expand our product offerings and maintain our revenue growth. Our research and development expenses are focused on new product development and maintaining and developing additional functionality for our existing products, including new releases and upgrades to our software. We expect our research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in software development to expand the capabilities of our cloud networking platform. Our ability to attract new large customers or sell additional products and services to existing customers is essential for revenue growth. We must continue to develop market-leading products and features that address the needs of our existing and new customers. The success of our new products depends on several factors, including appropriate new product definition, the development of product features that sufficiently meet end-user requirements, and our ability to manage the risks associated with new product production ramp-up issues. We have experienced unpredictability in the timing of orders from large end customers primarily due to changes in demand patterns specific to these customers and the overall complexity of these large orders. We expect continued variability in our customer concentration and timing of sales on a quarterly and annual basis. Our gross margins may fluctuate as a result of the timing of sales to large end customers, who generally receive larger discounts, and improved service margins as we scale our services organization. We rely on third-party manufacturers to build our products, and our reliance on these manufacturers reduces our control over the manufacturing process, quality assurance, product costs, and product supply and timing. Our business depends on end customers renewing their maintenance and support contracts, and any decline in maintenance renewals could harm our future business. We have also outsourced a number of our business functions to third parties, including our manufacturers, logistics providers, and cloud service providers, and our business operations depend, in part, on the success of these third parties' own cybersecurity measures. Our products must interoperate with operating systems, software applications, and hardware developed by others, and if we are unable to devote the necessary resources to ensure that our products interoperate with such software and hardware, we may lose or fail to increase market share and experience a weakening demand for our products. We expect competition to intensify in the future as the market for cloud networking expands and existing competitors and new market entrants introduce new products or enhance existing products. Our ability to compete will depend upon our ability to provide a better solution than our competitors at a more competitive price.