The availability and performance of our information technology (IT) systems are vital for our business to operate efficiently. Failure to execute complex IT projects, and have these IT systems available to our business will adversely impact our operations. IT systems play a crucial role in conducting our business on a daily basis. These systems are utilized to process a very high volume of transactions, conduct payment transactions, track and value our inventory and produce reports which are critical for making business decisions on a daily, weekly and periodic basis. We are undertaking large technology and IT transformation projects. The failure of these projects could adversely impact our business plans and potentially impair our day-to-day business operations. Given the high volume of transactions we process, it is important that we build strong digital resiliency for our business-critical systems to prevent disruption from events such as power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, internal or external security breaches, errors by employees, and catastrophic events such as fires, earthquakes, tornadoes, and hurricanes. Any debilitating failure of our critical IT systems, data centers, and backup systems would require significant investments in resources to restore IT services and may cause serious impairment in our business operations including loss of business services, increased cost of moving merchandise, and failure to provide service to our members. We are currently making significant investments in enhancing our digital resiliency and failure or delay in execution of these projects could delay our ability to be resilient to disruptive events. Failure to deliver our IT transformation efforts efficiently and effectively could result in the loss of our competitive position and adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. We are required to maintain the privacy and security of personal and business information amidst evolving threat landscapes and in compliance with emerging privacy and data protection regulations globally. Increased IT security threats and more sophisticated computer crime pose a risk to our systems, networks, products, and services. We rely upon IT systems and networks, some of which are managed by third parties, in connection with a variety of business activities. Additionally, we collect, store, and process sensitive information relating to our business, members, suppliers, and employees. Operating these IT systems and networks, and processing and maintaining this data, in a secure manner, is critical to our business operations and strategy. The increased use of remote work infrastructure due to the COVID-19 pandemic has also increased the possible attack surfaces. Security threats designed to gain unauthorized access to our systems, networks, and data are increasing in frequency and sophistication. Cybersecurity attacks may range from random attempts to coordinated and targeted attacks, including sophisticated computer crimes and advanced persistent threats. These threats pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our data. It is possible that our IT systems and networks, or those managed by third parties such as cloud providers, could have vulnerabilities, which could go unnoticed for a period of time. While our cybersecurity and compliance posture seeks to mitigate such risks, there can be no guarantee that the actions and controls we and our third-party service providers have implemented and are implementing will be sufficient to protect our systems, information, or other property. The potential impacts of a future material cybersecurity attack include reputational damage, litigation, government enforcement actions, penalties, disruption to systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information, corruption of data, and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs.