We operate in a competitive business environment and may not be able to compete effectively. Our ability to enhance our current products and services and to develop and introduce innovative products and services will significantly affect our future success. Our ability to provide innovative point-of-sale technology to our merchant clients could have an impact on our merchant acquiring business. If we are unable to anticipate or respond to technological changes or evolving industry standards on a timely basis, our ability to remain competitive could be materially adversely affected. The markets for our products and services are characterized by constant and rapid technological change, frequent introduction of new products and services, and increasing client expectations. We must anticipate and respond to these changes in order to remain competitive within our relevant markets. Our business depends, in part, on our merchant relationships and alliances, and if we are unable to maintain these relationships and alliances, our business may be adversely affected. We provide transaction processing and related functions to the alliance. Our merchant acquiring business depends, in part, on our merchant relationships, alliances, and other distribution channels. The success of certain of our products and services relies, in part, on financial institutions, corporate, and other third parties to promote the use of our products and services by their customers. We expect to continue to invest significant resources to maintain and enhance our information security and controls or to investigate and remediate any security vulnerabilities. Our operations depend on receiving, storing, processing, and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to our business, our employees, our clients, and their customers. Any unauthorized access, intrusion, infiltration, network disruption, denial of service, or similar incident could disrupt the integrity, continuity, security, and trust of our systems or data, or the systems or data of our clients, partners, or vendors. We expect that unauthorized parties will continue to attempt to gain access to our systems or facilities, and those of our clients, partners, and vendors, through various means and with increasing sophistication. Our business depends heavily on the reliability of our processing and other systems. An operational failure could involve the hardware, software, data, networks, or systems upon which we rely to deliver our services and could be caused by our actions, the actions of third parties, or events over which we may have limited or no control. Our ability to enhance our current products and services and to develop and introduce innovative products and services will significantly affect our future success. The integration of our products and services creates a compelling value proposition for our clients by providing, among other things, new sources of revenue and opportunities to reduce their costs. We believe that our sizable and diverse client base, combined with our position as a leading provider of non-discretionary, recurring revenue-based products and services, gives us a solid foundation for growth. The focus on digital channels by both financial institutions and their customers, as well as the growing volume and types of payment transactions in the marketplace, continues to elevate the data and transaction processing needs of financial institutions. We anticipate that financial institutions will continue to invest significant capital and human resources to process transactions, manage information, maintain regulatory compliance, and offer innovative new services to their customers in this rapidly evolving and competitive environment. Our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to manage this expanded business, which will pose substantial challenges for management, including challenges related to the management and monitoring of new operations; integrating complex systems, technology, networks, and other assets in a seamless manner that minimizes any adverse impact on customers, suppliers, employees, and other constituencies.