Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including intense competition and the need to innovate and provide products and services that are useful to users. To compete successfully, we must accurately anticipate technology developments and deliver innovative, relevant, and useful products, services, and technologies in a timely manner. Our ongoing investment in new businesses, products, services, and technologies reflects our efforts to innovate and provide products and services that are useful to users, advertisers, publishers, customers, and content providers. We continue to invest heavily in hardware, including our smartphones and home devices, which is a highly competitive market with frequent introduction of new products and services. Within Google Cloud, we devote significant resources to develop and deploy our enterprise-ready cloud services, including Google Cloud Platform and Google Workspace, incurring costs to build and maintain infrastructure to support cloud computing services. Our products and services depend on the continuing operation of our information technology and communications systems. We rely extensively on information systems and technology to manage our business and summarize operating results. We are in the process of a multi-year implementation of a new ERP system, which is designed to accurately maintain our financial records, enhance the flow of financial information, improve data management, and provide timely information to our management team. The occurrence of a natural disaster or pandemic could result in lengthy interruptions in our service. Our systems are vulnerable to damage, interference, or interruption from various threats, including natural disasters, power loss, telecommunications failures, and cyber attacks. We experience cyber attacks and other attempts to gain unauthorized access to our systems on a regular basis. We may experience future security issues, which could result in significant legal and financial exposure. We are making significant investments in safety, security, and content review efforts to combat misuse of our services and unauthorized access to user data by third parties. Our business depends on strong brands, and failing to maintain and enhance our brands would hurt our ability to expand our base of users, advertisers, customers, content providers, and other partners. We face a number of risks related to manufacturing and supply chain management, which could affect our ability to supply both our products and our internet-based services. We rely on other companies to manufacture many of our finished products and to design certain components. Our business could be negatively affected if we are not able to engage these companies with the necessary capabilities or capacity on reasonable terms. We continue to make significant R&D investments in areas of strategic focus such as advertising, cloud, machine learning, and search, as well as in new products and services. Our ability to compete effectively and our future success depend on our continuing to identify, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly skilled personnel for all areas of our organization. We expect to continue to invest in land and buildings for data centers and offices, and information technology assets, which includes servers and network equipment, to support the long-term growth of our business. Our capital investments in property and equipment consist primarily of technical infrastructure, which includes our investments in servers and network equipment for compute, storage, and networking requirements for ongoing business activities.