Disruption of critical information systems or material breaches in the security of our systems could harm our business, customer relations, and financial condition. Information technology helps us operate efficiently, interface with customers, maintain financial accuracy and efficiency, and accurately produce our financial statements. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, the loss of customers, business disruptions, or the loss of or damage to intellectual property through security breach. Our data management systems must effectively collect, store, process, and report relevant data for the operation of our business; any impairment could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the timeliness with which we report our internal and external operating results. We require user names and passwords to access our information technology systems and use encryption and authentication technologies to secure the transmission and storage of data. Unauthorized persons may attempt to hack into our products or systems to obtain personal data or confidential information, which could adversely impact our business and reputation. We have programs in place to detect, contain, and respond to data security incidents, but we may not be able to anticipate and prevent intrusions or mitigate them when they occur. Our business is subject to complex and evolving laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection, and other matters relating to information collection, which could result in penalties and fines for any failure to comply. We may be subject to significant consequences for any failure to comply with such laws and regulations. We need to grow our businesses in response to changing technologies, customer demands, and competitive pressures, which may involve acquiring complementary businesses, products, or technologies. Identifying suitable acquisition candidates can be difficult, time-consuming, and costly, and we may not be able to successfully integrate newly acquired organizations, products, technologies, or employees into our operations. Our reliance on sole and single-source suppliers could harm our ability to meet demand for our products in a timely manner or within budget. We experience long and variable capital sales cycles and seasonality in our business, which may cause fluctuations in our financial results. The sales and purchase order cycle of our da Vinci surgical system is lengthy, requiring the approval of senior management of hospitals, their parent organizations, purchasing groups, and government bodies. Our installed base of da Vinci surgical systems is connected via the internet, allowing us to utilize system logs and other information from agreements and discussions with our customers to evaluate our performance. We believe that our installed base, number of shipments, and utilization of da Vinci surgical systems provide meaningful supplemental information regarding our performance and are indicators of the rate of adoption of robotic-assisted surgery as well as future recurring revenue. The vast majority of da Vinci surgical systems installed are connected via the internet, and we utilize this information to assess our operational effectiveness. Our technology is designed to provide surgeons with a range of articulation of the surgical instruments used in the surgical field, and we focus on making our technology easy and safe to use.