Our business is heavily dependent on information systems and technology. We face operational risk from errors made in the execution, confirmation, or settlement of transactions, and we also face operational risk from transactions not being properly recorded, evaluated, or accounted for in our funds. Our public markets business line is highly dependent on our ability to process and evaluate, on a daily basis, transactions across markets and geographies in a time-sensitive, efficient, and accurate manner. Our and our third-party service providers' information systems and technology may not continue to be able to accommodate our growth, may not be able to adequately protect the information of our individual fund investors or global atlantic's policyholders, may not be suitable for new products and strategies, and may be subject to security risks, and the cost of maintaining such systems and technology may increase from our current level. We rely heavily on our financial, accounting, and other data processing systems and on the systems of third parties who provide services to us. If any of these systems do not operate properly or are disabled, we could suffer financial loss, a disruption of our businesses, liability to our funds, regulatory intervention, or reputational damage. Cybersecurity failures and data security breaches may disrupt or have a material adverse impact on our businesses, operations, and investments. We rely on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems and networks. We face various security threats on a regular basis, including ongoing cyber-security threats to and attacks on our information technology infrastructure that are intended to gain access to our proprietary information, destroy data, or disable, degrade, or sabotage our systems. The covid-19 pandemic has exacerbated these risks due to heavier reliance on online communication and remote working environments, which are less secure, and a significant increase in hacking attempts by cyber-criminals. Global atlantic's business is also subject to various laws and regulations relating to data privacy, cybersecurity, and protection of personal information. Global atlantic processes sensitive personal information of its policyholders, which exposes it to a heightened risk. Global atlantic's risk management efforts, insurance, and other precautionary plans and activities may not adequately predict or offset the impact of such events on its business, results of operations, and financial condition. The ability to effectively enforce patent, trademark, and other intellectual property laws in a cost-effective manner will affect the value of many of these companies. The success of our organic growth strategy will depend on, among other things, our ability to correctly identify and create products that appeal to the limited partners of our funds and vehicles. We have also launched a number of new investment initiatives in areas such as real estate, energy, infrastructure, growth equity, core, and impact investments. The introduction of new types of investment structures and products could increase the complexities involved in managing such investments, including ensuring compliance with regulatory requirements and terms of the investment. Our investment management activities involve investments in relatively high-risk, illiquid assets, and we may fail to realize any profits from these activities for a considerable period of time or lose some or all of the capital invested. We are also dependent on an increasingly concentrated group of third-party vendors that we do not control for hosting solutions and technologies. A disaster or a disruption in technology or infrastructure that supports our businesses, including a disruption involving electronic communications or other services used by us, our vendors, or third parties with whom we conduct business, could have a material adverse impact on our ability to continue to operate our business without interruption.