Failure, inadequacy, or breach of our IT systems or our business processes regarding confidential information and other data, unauthorized access to our confidential information or violations of data protection laws could result in material harm to our business and reputation. We rely, to a large extent, on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of complex information technology systems, infrastructure, and hardware to accumulate, process, store, and transmit large amounts of confidential information and other data. Maintaining the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our IT systems and confidential information is vital to our business. IT systems are vulnerable to system inadequacies, operating failures, service interruptions or failures, security breaches, malicious intrusions, or cyber-attacks from a variety of sources. Cyber-attacks are growing in their frequency, sophistication, and intensity, and are becoming increasingly difficult to detect, mitigate, or prevent. Breaches resulting in the compromise, disruption, degradation, manipulation, loss, theft, destruction, or unauthorized disclosure or use of confidential information, or the unauthorized access to, disruption of, or interference with our products and services, can occur in a variety of ways. Our third-party partners, including third-party providers of data hosting or cloud services, as well as suppliers, distributors, alliances, and other third-party service providers, face similar risks, which could affect us directly or indirectly. The healthcare industry has been and continues to be a target for cyber-attacks, and the number of threats has only increased during the COVID-19 pandemic. The failure or inadequacy of our IT systems or business processes could impair our ability to secure and maintain intellectual property rights; result in a product manufacturing interruption or failure; damage our operations, customer relationships, or reputation; and cause us to lose trade secrets or other competitive advantages. We continue to implement measures in an effort to protect, detect, respond to, and minimize or prevent these risks and to enhance the resiliency of our IT systems; however, these measures may not be successful. Significant economic downturns or international trade disruptions or disputes could adversely affect our business and operating results. We depend on products with intellectual property protection for most of our revenues, cash flows, and earnings. Our long-term success depends on our ability to continually discover or acquire, develop, and commercialize innovative new medicines. We strategically invest in external research and technologies that we believe complement and strengthen our own efforts. These investments can take many forms, including acquisitions, strategic alliances, collaborations, investments, and licensing arrangements. Our business development activities to enhance our product pipeline may include acquisitions, strategic alliances, collaborations, investments, and licensing arrangements. We rely on third parties, including suppliers, distributors, alliances, and collaborations with other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, and third-party service providers, for selected aspects of product development, manufacturing, commercialization, support for information technology systems, product distribution, and certain financial transactional processes. Outsourcing these functions involves the risk that the third parties may not perform to our standards or legal requirements; may not produce reliable results; may not perform in a timely manner; may not maintain the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of confidential and proprietary information relating to us; or may experience disruption or fail to perform due to information technology system vulnerabilities, breaches, cyber-attacks, or inadequate controls or procedures. The conditions created by the COVID-19 pandemic intensify other risks inherent in our business, including risks related to the conduct of clinical trials, workplace safety and productivity, and the impact of adverse global and local economic conditions.