The majority of our net sales are generated from long-term contracts with the U.S. government and international customers for the research, design, development, manufacture, integration, and sustainment of advanced technology systems, products, and services. Our contracts generally allow for the recovery of costs in the pricing of our products and services. We recognize revenue as performance obligations are satisfied and the customer obtains control of the products and services. In determining when performance obligations are satisfied, we consider factors such as contract terms, payment terms, and whether there is an alternative future use of the product or service. Substantially all of our revenue is recognized over time as we perform under the contract because control of the work in process transfers continuously to the customer. For most contracts with the U.S. government, this continuous transfer of control is supported by clauses in the contract that give the customer ownership of work in process and allow the customer to unilaterally terminate the contract for convenience and pay us for costs incurred plus a reasonable profit. We utilize a percentage-of-completion cost-to-cost measure of progress for our contracts because it best depicts the transfer of control to the customer as we incur costs on our contracts. Significant estimates and assumptions are made in estimating contract sales and costs, including the profit booking rate. At the outset of a long-term contract, we identify and monitor risks to the achievement of the technical, schedule, and cost aspects of the contract, as well as variable consideration, and assess the effects of those risks on our estimates of sales and total costs to complete the contract. The estimates consider the technical requirements, the schedule and associated tasks, and costs. The initial profit booking rate of each contract considers risks surrounding the ability to achieve the technical requirements, schedule, and costs in the initial estimated total costs to complete the contract. Profit booking rates may increase during the performance of the contract if we successfully retire risks surrounding the technical, schedule, and cost aspects of the contract. Conversely, our profit booking rates may decrease if the estimated total costs to complete the contract increase or our estimates of variable consideration we expect to receive decrease. We also incur capital expenditures for information technology to support programs and general enterprise information technology infrastructure, inclusive of costs for the development or purchase of internal-use software. Our strong operating cash flows have been the primary source of funding for our operations, capital expenditures, debt service and repayments, dividends, share repurchases, and postretirement benefit plan contributions. The majority of our capital expenditures for 2020 and those planned for 2021 are for equipment, facilities infrastructure, and information technology. We expect to recognize approximately 39% of our backlog over the next 12 months and approximately 61% over the next 24 months as revenue, with the remainder recognized thereafter. Our investments in information technology are aimed at enhancing our operational efficiency and supporting our strategic objectives. We are committed to leveraging technology capabilities to improve our business processes and meet evolving customer demands.