The global payments industry is highly competitive, with substantial and intense competition that may materially and adversely affect overall business and results of operations. Our ability to compete may also be affected by the outcomes of litigation, competition-related regulatory proceedings, central bank activity, and legislative activity. We operate a multi-rail network that offers customers one partner to turn to for their domestic and cross-border payment needs. Our payment solutions offer customers choice and flexibility and are designed to ensure safety and security for the global payments system. We rely in part on third parties, including some of our competitors and potential competitors, for the development of and access to new technologies. The inability of these companies to keep pace with technological developments, or the acquisition of these companies by competitors, could negatively impact our offerings. Our ability to develop and adopt new services and technologies may be inhibited by industry-wide solutions and standards, and by resistance from customers or merchants to such changes. Our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission, and storage of confidential, proprietary, and other information and technology in our computer systems and networks, as well as the systems of our third-party providers. Information security risks for payments and technology companies such as ours have significantly increased in recent years due to the proliferation of new technologies, the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists, and other external parties. The advent of the global COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in a significant rise in these types of threats due to a significant portion of our workforce working from home in a mostly remote environment. Our customers and other parties in the payments value chain, as well as account holders, rely on our digital technologies, computer systems, software, and networks to conduct their operations. We routinely encounter account data compromise events involving merchants and third-party payment processors that process, store, or transmit payment transaction data, which affect millions of account holders. Our failure to deliver integrated products and services could make our other integrated products and services less desirable to customers or put us at a competitive disadvantage. The payments industry is subject to rapid and significant technological changes, which can impact our business in several ways. Technological changes, including continuing developments of technologies in the areas of smart cards and devices, contactless and mobile payments, e-commerce, cryptocurrency, and blockchain technology, could result in new technologies that may be superior to, or render obsolete, the technologies we currently use in our programs and services. Our ability to develop new technologies and reflect technological changes in our payments offerings will require resources, which may result in additional expenses. The complexity of payment technology requires careful management to address security vulnerabilities that are different from those faced on our core network. We are continually involved in diversifying our integrated products and services to remain competitive and meet the needs of the payments markets. These efforts carry the risks associated with any diversification initiative, including cost overruns, delays in delivery, and performance problems. Our failure to keep pace with these technological developments or otherwise bring to market products that reflect these technologies could lead to a decline in the use of our products, which could have a material adverse impact on our overall business and results of operations.