The company is increasingly dependent on sophisticated software applications, computing infrastructure, and cloud service providers to conduct critical operations. In 2017, the company experienced a network cyber-attack that led to a disruption of its worldwide operations, including manufacturing, research, and sales operations. The company could be a target of future cyber-attacks, which could result in exposure of confidential information, modification of critical data, and failure of critical operations. Disruption, degradation, or manipulation of these IT systems through intentional or accidental means could adversely affect key business processes. The company continues to leverage new and innovative technologies across the enterprise to improve the efficacy and efficiency of its business processes, which can create new risks. The company has implemented measures to enhance and modernize its systems to guard against similar attacks in the future and is pursuing an enterprise-wide effort to enhance the company's resiliency against future cyber-attacks. The objective of these efforts is not only to protect against future cyber-attacks but also to improve the speed of the company's recovery from such attacks and enable continued business operations to the greatest extent possible during any recovery period. The company monitors its data, information technology, and personnel usage of company IT systems to reduce these risks. The company is exposed to market risk from fluctuations in currency exchange rates and interest rates, and it operates in multiple jurisdictions where virtually all sales are denominated in local currencies. The company has entered into business development transactions, borrowings, or other financial transactions that may give rise to currency and interest rate exposure. The company has established revenue hedging, balance sheet risk management, and net investment hedging programs to protect against volatility of future foreign currency cash flows and changes in fair value caused by changes in foreign exchange rates. The company utilizes forward exchange contracts to offset the effects of exchange on exposures denominated in developed country currencies. The company also uses interest rate swap contracts on certain investing and borrowing transactions to manage its net exposure to interest rate changes and to reduce its overall cost of borrowing. The company's investment portfolio includes cash equivalents and short-term investments, the market values of which are not significantly affected by changes in interest rates. The company has a strong financial profile that enables it to fund research and development, focus on external alliances, support in-line products, and maximize upcoming launches while providing significant cash returns to shareholders. The company actively monitors the business development landscape for growth opportunities that meet its strategic criteria. The company is committed to investing in its pipeline and enhancing its IT capabilities to support business strategies and work processes. The company recognizes that its IT capabilities are essential for transforming into a competitive force and for mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities.