Our operations could also be affected by other factors that are presently unknown to us or not considered significant. The effects of the COVID-19 outbreak could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Negative impacts to our operations, including reductions in production levels, R&D activities, product development, technology transitions, yield enhancement activities, and qualification activities with our customers, resulting from our efforts to mitigate the impact of COVID-19 through physical-distancing measures we have enacted at our locations around the world. We may be unable to maintain or improve gross margins. Our gross margins are dependent, in part, upon continuing decreases in per gigabit manufacturing costs achieved through improvements in our manufacturing processes and product designs, including, but not limited to, process line-width, additional 3D memory layers, additional bits per cell, architecture, number of mask layers, number of fabrication steps, and yield. Many factors may result in a reduction of our output or a delay in ramping production, which could lead to underutilization of our production assets. The semiconductor memory and storage markets are highly competitive. We face intense competition in the semiconductor memory and storage markets from a number of companies, including large corporations or conglomerates that may have greater resources to invest in technology, capitalize on growth opportunities, and withstand downturns in the semiconductor markets in which we compete. Our business and the markets we serve are subject to rapid technological changes and material fluctuations in demand based on end-user preferences. Our inability to maintain or improve gross margins could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our future success depends on our ability to develop and produce competitive new memory and storage technologies. We may face technological barriers to continue to shrink our products at our current or historical rate, which has generally reduced per-unit cost. We have invested and expect to continue to invest in R&D for new and existing products, which involves significant risk and uncertainties. Our competitors are working to develop new memory and storage technologies that may offer performance and/or cost advantages to existing technologies and render existing technologies obsolete. Our future success may depend on our ability to develop and produce viable and competitive new memory and storage technologies. Our operations are dependent on our ability to procure advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment that enables the transition to lower cost manufacturing processes. Our inability to obtain equipment on a timely basis could adversely affect our ability to transition to next generation manufacturing processes and reduce our costs. We have made significant investments in product and process technology and anticipate expending significant resources for new semiconductor product and system-level solution development over the next several years. Our product demand forecasts may be impacted significantly by the strategic actions of our customers. We may experience fluctuations in our customer base or the mix of revenue by customer as markets and strategies evolve. Our development of system-level memory and storage products is dependent, in part, upon successfully identifying and meeting our customers' specifications for those products. Our future success depends on our ability to develop and produce competitive new memory and storage technologies. We may be unable to protect our intellectual property or retain key employees who are knowledgeable of and develop our intellectual property. Our inability to protect our intellectual property or retain key employees who are knowledgeable of and develop our intellectual property could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We are subject to a variety of laws, regulations, or industry standards that may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We are subject to counterparty default risks, including cash deposits, investments, and derivative instruments.