Our business and operations could suffer in the event of system failures or cyber security attacks. Despite system redundancy, the implementation of security measures and the existence of a disaster recovery plan for our internal and hosted information technology systems, our systems are vulnerable to damages from any number of sources, including energy blackouts, natural disasters, terrorism, war, telecommunication failures and cyber security attacks, such as computer viruses or unauthorized access. Any system failure or accident that causes interruptions in our operations could result in a material disruption to our business. We may also incur additional costs to remedy damages caused by such disruptions. Any compromise of our security could result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws, unauthorized access to information of ours and others, significant legal and financial exposure, damage to our reputation, loss or misuse of the information and a loss of confidence in our security measures, which could harm our business. Our capital deployment and disposition activities have continued throughout this time, and we expect the volume of these activities to accelerate in 2021. Our business continuity, communication plans and technology are allowing all functions of our business to work smoothly during this time. We have not had any lay-offs and we have extended financial assistance to employees in need. Our local property and leasing teams have continued to maintain our properties and work with our customers to help them navigate the new environment while following established measures to help keep them and our customers safe. We are also providing assistance across the globe in the form of direct cash grants, supplies and donation of over one million square feet through our space for good program. Our real estate development and redevelopment strategies may not be successful. Our real estate development and redevelopment strategy is focused on monetizing land in the future through development of logistics facilities to hold for long-term investment, contribution or sale to a co-investment venture or third party, depending on market conditions, our liquidity needs and other factors. We may increase our investment in the development, renovation and redevelopment business and we expect to complete the build-out and leasing of our current development portfolio. We may also develop, renovate and redevelop properties within existing or newly formed co-investment ventures. Our investments are concentrated in the logistics sector and our business would be adversely affected by an economic downturn in that sector. Our investments in real estate assets are concentrated in the logistics sector. This concentration may expose us to the risk of economic downturns in this sector to a greater extent than if our business activities were more diversified. Our operating performance is further impacted by the economic conditions of the specific markets in which we have concentrations of properties. We are exposed to the economic conditions and other events and occurrences in the local, regional, national and international geographies in which we own properties. Our operating performance could be adversely affected if conditions become less favorable in any of the markets in which we have a concentration of properties. Conditions such as an oversupply of logistics space or a reduction in demand for logistics space, among other factors, may impact operating conditions. Any material oversupply of logistics space or material reduction in demand for logistics space could adversely affect our overall business. We may also experience an increase in bad debt. Our ability to access debt and equity capital on favorable terms or at all depends on a number of factors, including general market conditions, the market's perception of our growth potential, our current and potential future earnings and cash distributions and the market price of our securities.