Our financial condition and results of operations are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, a number of factors, many of which are largely outside our control. We rely heavily on information technology systems across our operations for numerous purposes including for administrative functions, point-of-sale processing and payment in our stores and online, management of our supply chain, starbucks cards, online business, delivery services, mobile technology, including mobile payments and ordering apps, reloads and loyalty functionality and various other processes and transactions, and many of these systems are interdependent on one another for their functionality. The success of several of our initiatives to drive growth, including our ability to increase digital relationships with our customers to drive incremental traffic and spend, is highly dependent on our technology systems. We continue to invest in technologies and innovations to elevate the customer and partner experience and to drive long-term growth. We have made significant investments in technology, third-party services and personnel to develop and implement systems and processes that are designed to anticipate cyber-attacks and to prevent or minimize breaches of our information technology systems or data loss. Our information technology systems (and those of our licensees and other third-party business partners) contain personal, financial or other information that is entrusted to us by our customers and employees. The unauthorized access, use, theft or destruction of customer or employee personal, financial or other data or of starbucks proprietary or confidential information that is stored in our information systems or by third parties on our behalf could impact our reputation and brand and expose us to potential liability and loss of revenues. We are consistently subject to attempts to compromise our information technology systems. If our incident response, disaster recovery and business continuity plans do not resolve these issues in an effective manner they could result in an interruption in our operations and could cause material negative impacts to our product availability and sales, the efficiency of our operations and our financial results. We rely on third-party providers and platforms for some of these information technology systems and support. Our systems hardware, software and services provided by third-party service providers are not fully redundant within a market or across our markets. Such failures may be caused by various factors, including power outages, catastrophic events, physical theft, computer and network failures, inadequate or ineffective redundancy, problems with transitioning to upgraded or replacement systems or platforms, flaws in third-party software or services, errors or improper use by our employees or third party service providers, or a breach in the security of these systems or platforms. Our ability to effectively operate and grow our business could be adversely affected by any material failure, inadequacy, interruption or security failure of that technology. The impact of the covid-19 pandemic has accelerated the transformation of our store portfolio by expanding convenience-led formats, which depend heavily on our mobile ordering capabilities. We believe we are well positioned to regain the positive business momentum we had demonstrated prior to the pandemic, based on the current trend of our retail business recovery and our focused efforts to expand contactless customer experiences, digital capabilities and beverage innovation.