The integration of td ameritrade's operations is expected to occur over 18 to 36 months from the date of acquisition, and the company expects to continue to incur significant acquisition and integration-related costs and integration-related capital expenditures throughout the integration process. The covid-19 pandemic could make the timely achievement of our td ameritrade integration milestones more challenging, particularly with regard to technology and systems. Many of our employees and those of our outsourced service providers are working remotely and this has at times contributed to the increase in response and processing times, particularly when we have experienced the temporary loss of services from some of our outsourced service providers. We must process, record and monitor a large number of transactions and our operations are highly dependent on the integrity of our technology systems and our ability to make timely enhancements and additions to our systems. System interruptions, errors or downtime can result from a variety of causes, including changes in client use patterns, technological failure, changes to our systems, linkages with third-party systems and power failures and can have a significant impact on our business and operations. Our systems are vulnerable to disruptions from human error, execution errors, errors in models such as those used for asset management, capital planning and management, risk management, stress testing and compliance, employee misconduct, unauthorized trading, external fraud, computer viruses, distributed denial of service attacks, cyber attacks, terrorist attacks, natural disaster, power outage, capacity constraints, software flaws, events impacting key business partners and vendors, and similar events. Despite our efforts to identify areas of risk, oversee operational areas involving risk, and implement policies and procedures designed to manage these risks, there can be no assurance that we will not suffer unexpected losses, reputational damage or regulatory action due to technology or other operational failures or errors, including those of our vendors or other third parties. We rely heavily on client cash balances to generate revenue. Cash awaiting investment in a portion of our client brokerage accounts is swept to our banking subsidiaries and those bank deposits are then used to extend loans to clients and purchase investment securities. We also sweep a portion of such cash pursuant to the ida agreement which requires us to maintain a minimum ida sweep balance. The integration of td ameritrade technologies into schwab platforms may encounter challenges. We will need to hire a significant number of technology personnel and contract staff and rely on a number of critical technology vendors in order to complete the integration work relating to technology platforms and systems within the target timeframe. The significant reduction in interest rates related to the covid-19 pandemic has had, and will continue to have, a negative impact on our revenue related to interest rates and has caused us to waive management fees for certain funds. The company anticipates increased spending to improve service levels and support our expanding client base, including additional technology spending as well as hiring more client service professionals. The company is in the early stages of integration, and our estimates of the nature, amounts, and timing of recognition of acquisition and integration-related costs are subject to change based on a number of factors, including the expected duration and complexity of the integration process and the heightened uncertainty of the current economic environment. The company's operations, inclusive of td ameritrade, remain consistent with our enterprise risk management (erm) framework. The company has established a firm-wide team to address the phasing-out of libor by June 30, 2023. We continuously monitor the systems and work collaboratively with government agencies, law enforcement and other financial institutions to address potential threats.