The company has mobilized to support the COVID-19 response with products and services that help diagnose the virus as well as assisting customers to develop potential therapeutics and vaccines used to protect from the virus. Our ability to continue to manufacture products is highly dependent on our ability to maintain the safety and health of our factory employees. The company periodically implements new enterprise resource planning software and other software applications to manage certain of our business operations. Problems could arise that we have not foreseen, which could disrupt our ability to provide quotes, take customer orders, and otherwise run our business in a timely manner. We rely on our information technology systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information, including sensitive data such as confidential business information and personally identifiable data relating to employees, customers, and other business partners. Our systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, power loss, telecommunication failures, terrorist attacks, computer hackers, computer viruses, ransomware, phishing, and other attempts to harm our systems. A significant disruption in, or breach in security of, our information technology systems or violation of data privacy laws could adversely affect our business. If we are unable to maintain reliable information technology systems and appropriate controls with respect to global data privacy and security requirements and prevent data breaches, we may suffer regulatory consequences in addition to business consequences. We are subject to data privacy and security laws, regulations, and customer-imposed controls in numerous jurisdictions as a result of having access to and processing confidential, personal, and/or sensitive data in the course of our business. Our business strategy includes the acquisition of technologies and businesses that complement or augment our existing products and services. Our ability to realize the value of the goodwill and intangible assets will depend on the future cash flows of these businesses, which in turn depend in part on how well we have integrated these businesses. Our growth strategy includes significant investment in and expenditures for product development. We must develop new products, adapt to rapid and significant technological change, and respond to introductions of new products by competitors to remain competitive. Competitive factors include technological innovation, price, service and delivery, breadth of product line, customer support, e-business capabilities, and the ability to meet the special requirements of customers. Our growth depends in part on the growth of the markets which we serve. Any decline or lower than expected growth in our served markets could diminish demand for our products and services, which would adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We are pursuing a number of strategies to improve our internal growth, including strengthening our presence in selected geographic markets, allocating research and development funding to products with higher growth prospects, and continuing the development of commercial tools and infrastructure to increase and support cross-selling opportunities of products and services. We must anticipate industry trends and develop products in advance of the commercialization of our customers' products. Our reliance upon sole or limited sources of supply for certain materials or components could cause production interruptions, delays, and inefficiencies. The company has recorded a provision for income taxes and expects its effective tax rate in 2021 will be between 11% and 13%. The company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents and its future cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of its existing businesses for the foreseeable future.