The pandemic has adversely affected our business, liquidity, financial condition, and operating results, impacting the demand for our products and services and the ways in which our customers use them. Competition, industry consolidation, and changes in the market for wireless services could negatively affect our ability to attract and retain customers. Our ability to compete will depend upon continued improvement in network quality and customer service, effective marketing and selling of products and services, innovation, and attractive pricing, all of which will involve significant expenses. We face intense competition as industry sectors converge, which could make it more difficult for us to continue to attract and retain customers. Our business may be adversely impacted if we are not able to successfully manage the ongoing commercial and transition services arrangements entered into in connection with the divestiture transaction. The merger has altered the size and scope of our operations, impacting our assets, liabilities, obligations, capital requirements, and performance measures. We expect to be able to enhance the breadth and depth of our nationwide 5G network, accelerate innovation, and achieve significant synergies and cost reductions by eliminating redundancies within the combined network as well as other business processes and operations. We are evaluating the long-term billing system architecture strategy for our customers, with a strategy to migrate Sprint's legacy customers onto T-Mobile's existing billing platforms. We expect to incur significant costs in identifying, hiring, and replacing departing employees, which may hinder our strategic planning and execution. The pandemic has led to increased demands on our network capacity, and we expect our customers' appetite for data services to continue to grow. System failures and business disruptions may allow unauthorized use of or interference with our network and other systems, which could materially adversely affect our reputation and financial condition. Our reliance on third parties for products and services could adversely affect our business if those parties fail to provide the expected services. We have previously notified affected customers of incidents involving unauthorized access to certain customer information, and we expect to continue to be the target of cyber-attacks, data breaches, or security incidents. Our procedures and safeguards to prevent unauthorized access to sensitive data must be continually evaluated and revised to address the evolving threat landscape. We expect to incur substantial expenses as a result of completing the transactions and compliance with government commitments, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Our financial condition and operating results will be negatively affected if we experience high fraud rates or volumes related to device financing, customer payment cards, or account takeover fraud. We have entered into uncommitted financing lease facilities that provide us with the ability to enter into financing leases for network equipment and services. Our liquidity requirements have been driven primarily by capital expenditures for spectrum licenses, the construction, expansion, and upgrading of our network infrastructure, and the integration of the networks, spectrum, technology, personnel, customer base, and business practices of T-Mobile and Sprint. We expect cash purchases of property and equipment to range from $11.7 billion to $12.0 billion in 2021. The acquisition of spectrum licenses is subject to regulatory approval and other customary closing conditions. We have incurred, and will incur, substantial expenses related to the integration of T-Mobile's and Sprint's businesses, which could exceed historical costs and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.