We rely heavily on information technology networks and systems, including the internet and a number of internally-developed systems and applications, to manage or support a wide variety of important business processes and activities throughout our operations. Our franchise locations and businesses we have acquired also are reliant on the use of information technology systems to manage their business processes and activities. The provision of service to our customers and the operation of our networks and systems involve the collection, storage and transmission of significant amounts of proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data, including personal information of customers, employees and others. Information technology systems are susceptible to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to programming errors, defects or other vulnerabilities, power outages, hardware failures, computer viruses, cyber-attacks, ransomware attacks, malware attacks, theft, misconduct by employees or other insiders, telecommunications failures, misuse, human errors or other catastrophic events. We depend on and interact with the information technology networks and systems of third-parties for many aspects of our business operations, including our customers, franchisees and service providers such as cloud service providers and third-party delivery services. These third parties may have access to information we maintain about our company, operations, customers, employees and vendors, or operating systems that are critical to or can significantly impact our business operations. We have invested and continue to invest in technology security initiatives, information technology risk management and disaster recovery plans. The cost and operational consequences of implementing, maintaining and enhancing further data or system protection measures could increase significantly to overcome increasingly intense, complex and sophisticated global cyber threats. Despite our best efforts, we are not fully insulated from data breaches and system disruptions. We cannot provide any assurances that such events and impacts will not be material in the future, and our efforts to deter, identify, mitigate and/or eliminate future breaches may require significant additional effort and expense and may not be successful. We expect to continue to face significant competition, which could materially adversely affect us. Our industry is rapidly evolving, including in response to demand for faster deliveries and increased visibility into shipments. Competitors have cost and organizational structures that differ from ours and may offer services or pricing terms that we may not be willing or able to offer. To sustain the level of services and value that we deliver to our customers, we may raise prices, and our customers may not be willing to accept these higher prices. If we are unable to timely and appropriately respond to competitive pressures, we could be materially adversely affected. Our strategic initiatives, including transformation, have and may in the future lead to the creation of fewer, more impactful jobs as we strive to lower our cost to serve. We believe that the market shift towards e-commerce will persist, with a continuing high level of residential deliveries that may continue to increase demand but also drive higher operating costs. The pandemic has significantly impacted, and is expected to continue to significantly impact us, and has had, and is expected to continue to have, a material adverse impact on the operations, financial performance and liquidity of many of our customers. The ongoing severity, magnitude and duration of the pandemic and its economic consequences are uncertain, rapidly changing and difficult to predict, and the future impact on our operations, financial condition and liquidity remains uncertain and difficult to predict.