As a global payments technology company, we are subject to complex and evolving regulations that govern our operations, which could limit our ability to enforce our payments system rules and require us to adopt new rules or change existing rules. Our compliance programs and policies are designed to support our compliance with a wide array of regulations and laws, and we continually enhance our compliance programs as regulations evolve. However, we cannot guarantee that our practices will be deemed compliant by all applicable regulatory authorities. The evolving regulatory focus on the payments industry could negatively impact our ability to use our intellectual property to differentiate our products and services, the quality and types of products and services we offer, and our competitive positioning. As innovations in payment technology have enabled us to expand into new products and services, they have also expanded the potential scope of regulatory influence. New products and capabilities, including tokenization and non-card based payment flows, could bring increased licensing or authorization requirements in the countries where the product or capability is offered. The oversight by central banks in some markets could result in new governance, reporting, licensing, cybersecurity, processing infrastructure, capital, or credit risk management requirements. We depend on our close working relationships with our clients or third-party processors to ensure transactions involving our products are processed effectively, which may be adversely affected by regulatory requirements and policies. Our relationships with financial institutions, acquirers, processors, merchants, and other third parties are complex and require us to balance the interests of multiple third parties. We engage in discussions with merchants, acquirers, commerce platforms, and processors to provide incentives to promote routing preference and acceptance growth. The global payments industry is undergoing significant and rapid technological change, including mobile and other proximity and in-app payment technologies, tokenization, and new authentication technologies. If we or our partners fail to adapt and keep pace with new technologies in the payments space in a timely manner, it could harm our ability to compete and decrease the value of our products and services to our clients. A disruption, failure, or breach of our networks or systems, including as a result of cyber-attacks, could harm our business. We have been the target of malicious cyber-attack attempts, and such attacks and breaches have resulted in fraudulent activity and financial losses to our clients. The security measures and procedures we have in place may not be successful or sufficient to counter all data security breaches, cyber-attacks, or system failures. Our ability to innovate or compete may be limited by inconsistent local and regional regulations restricting the location, movement, collection, use, and management of data. The enactment of more restrictive laws, rules, regulations, or future enforcement actions could impact us through increased costs or restrictions on our business, and noncompliance could result in regulatory penalties and significant legal liability. We may not achieve the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions or strategic investments, and may face risks and uncertainties as a result. The talents and efforts of our employees, particularly our key management, are vital to our success, and we may be unable to retain them or to attract other highly qualified employees. Our management team has significant industry experience and would be difficult to replace.