item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements.
overview our business we develop, manufacture and market a broad range of consumer household and personal care and specialty products focused on animal and food production, chemicals and cleaners.  we focus our consumer products marketing efforts principally on our 13 "power brands."  these well-recognized brand names include arm & hammer, used in multiple product categories such as baking soda, cat litter, carpet deodorization and laundry detergent; trojan condoms, lubricants and vibrators; oxiclean stain removers, cleaning solutions, laundry detergent and bleach alternatives; spinbrush battery-operated and manual toothbrushes;  first response home pregnancy and ovulation test kits; nair depilatories; orajel oral analgesic; xtra laundry detergent; l'il critters and vitafusion gummy dietary supplements; batiste dry shampoos; waterpik water flossers and replacement showerheads; flawless products; and zicam cold remedy products.
we sell our consumer products under a variety of brands through a broad distribution platform that includes supermarkets, mass merchandisers, wholesale clubs, drugstores, convenience stores, home stores, dollar, pet and other specialty stores and websites and other e-commerce channels, all of which sell the products to consumers. we sell our specialty products to industrial customers, livestock producers and through distributors.
we operate our business in three segments: consumer domestic, consumer international and the specialty products division ("spd").  the segments are based on differences in the nature of products and organizational and ownership structures.  in 2020, the consumer domestic, consumer international and spd segments represented approximately 77%, 17% and 6%, respectively, of our consolidated net sales.
covid-19 pandemic the covid-19 pandemic is positively impacting certain of our businesses, while negatively impacting the short-term results of certain others. we have continued to experience a significant increase in consumer demand for many of our products that began in march of 2020, including vitafusion and l'il critters gummy vitamins, a&h liquid laundry detergent, a&h baking soda, a&h cat litter and kaboom bathroom cleaners.  on the other hand, some other personal care brands have been negatively impacted by the temporary closures of certain non-essential retailers and the reduction of consumer foot traffic at retailers from which these brands derive a significant proportion of sales.  our waterpik business had been negatively impacted by the temporary closure of dental offices across the united states in the first half of the year but had positive sales growth in the second half and full year as dental offices have re-opened.  looking forward, we may experience significant reductions in demand or significant volatility in demand for one or more of our products, which may be caused by, among other things, the temporary or prolonged inability of consumers to purchase our products due to illness, quarantine or other travel or gathering restrictions, store closures, unemployment or other financial hardship, shifts in demand away from one or more of our more discretionary or higher priced products to lower priced products, or stockpiling or similar pantry-loading or unloading activity.
some products have also been impacted by a shift in consumer spending away from more discretionary products.  while there is no certainty that current high levels of demand for certain of our products will continue, we have taken steps to increase short-term manufacturing capacity for our cleaning products (including laundry detergent, baking soda, and cleaners) and health care products (including vitamins and nasal hygiene) and are working closely with our suppliers, contract manufacturers and retail partners to ensure sustained supply to keep pace with increased demand.  we will also make investments in the expansion of long-term in-house and third-party manufacturing capacity.  although we have seen increased demand in certain of our product categories, in the future, the covid-19 pandemic may cause reduced demand for our products if it results in a recessionary global economic environment.  the timing and impact of potential consumer pantry destocking in markets in which we serve may also have a negative impact on demand.  moreover, we continue to experience and anticipate increased online sales during the covid-19 pandemic.
the covid-19 pandemic and the corresponding government response have led to increased unemployment and economic uncertainty, which could lead to a further reduction in consumer spending.  in early 2021, vaccines for combatting covid-19 were approved by health agencies in some countries in which we operate, including the u.s., u.k., european union, canada and mexico. however, initial quantities of vaccines are limited and vaccine distributions, controlled by local authorities, are being allocated, generally first to front-line health care workers and other essential workers and next to those members of individual populations believed most susceptible to severe effects from covid-19. full administration of the covid-19 vaccines is unlikely to occur in most jurisdictions until mid- to late- 2021. economic conditions are, and we expect that they will continue to be, highly volatile and uncertain. recessionary conditions could reduce demand for our discretionary products and put downward pressure on prices.  some of our retail customers have closed their stores or reduced store
(dollars in millions, except share and per share data)
hours, which has impacted their ability to meet outstanding obligations and may cause further reductions in their purchases in the coming months.
substantially all of our products are considered by various governmental authorities to be essential for purposes of continuing our operations during the covid-19 pandemic and our manufacturing and distribution facilities and those of our suppliers and contract manufacturers are open and continue to operate under applicable governmental requirements and guidance, including the department of homeland security's march 19, 2020 guidance on the essential critical infrastructure workforce.  we intend to continue to work with government authorities, implement our employee safety measures and supplement our in-house manufacturing with increased use of contract manufacturers to ensure that we are able to continue to manufacture and distribute our products during the covid-19 pandemic. however, uncertainty resulting from the covid-19 pandemic could result in an unforeseen disruption to our supply chain (for example a closure of a key manufacturing or distribution facility or the inability of a key supplier, contract manufacturer or transportation supplier to source and transport materials) that could impact our operations and ability to supply products to our customers.
we are monitoring the impact that the covid-19 pandemic and corresponding government action is having on our customers and consumer demand and how potentially it will impact future cash flows for the short and long term and its impact to intangible asset carrying values.  while we expect that many of these effects will not be permanent, it is impossible to predict their duration.
2020 financial highlights key 2020 financial results include:
•   2020 net sales grew 12.3% over 2019, with gains in all three of our segments. the gains are primarily due to favorable volumes in all three segments, as well as favorable pricing/product mix in the consumer domestic and consumer international segments, partially offset by unfavorable pricing/product mix in spd.
•   gross margin decreased 30 basis points to 45.2% in 2020 from 45.5% in 2019, primarily due to higher manufacturing costs, in part due to costs associated with the covid-19 pandemic, higher tariffs, and the impact on margins from acquired businesses, partially offset by favorable volume price/product mix and the impact of productivity programs.
•   operating margin increased 170 basis points to 21.0% in 2020 from 19.3% in 2019, reflecting lower selling, general and administrative expenses (including the impact of the flawless business acquisition liability adjustment), partially offset by lower gross margin and higher marketing costs as a percentage of sales.
•   cash provided by operations was $990.3 in 2020, an $125.8 increase from the prior year, due to higher cash earnings (net income adjusted for non-cash items such as depreciation, amortization, non-cash compensation and changes in business acquisition liabilities and deferred taxes) and an improvement in working capital.
strategic goals, challenges and initiatives our ability to generate sales depends on consumer demand for our products and retail customers' decisions to carry our products, which are, in part, affected by general economic conditions in our markets. while a vast majority of our products are consumer staples and less vulnerable to decreases in discretionary spending than other products, an increasing number of our products, particularly those from our recent acquisitions, are more durable in nature and are more likely to be affected by consumer decisions to control spending.  some customers have responded to economic conditions by increasing their private label offerings (primarily in the dietary supplements, diagnostic kits and oral analgesics categories), launching their own brands, and consolidating the product selections they offer to the top few leading brands in each category.  in addition, an increasing portion of our product categories is being sold by club stores, dollar stores, mass merchandisers and internet-based retailers.  these factors have placed downward pressure on our sales and gross margins.
we expect a competitive marketplace in 2021 due to new product introductions by competitors.  in this environment, we intend to continue to aggressively pursue several key strategic initiatives: maintain competitive marketing and trade spending, tightly control our cost structure, continue to develop and launch new and differentiated products, and pursue strategic acquisitions.  we also intend to continue to grow our product sales globally and maintain an offering of premium and value brand products to appeal to a wide range of consumers.
(dollars in millions, except share and per share data)
we derive a substantial percentage of our revenues from sales of liquid laundry detergent. the continued customer demand for these products are critical to our future success.  as a result, any commercialization, delays or reduction of sales of these products, in the event that our diversification efforts discussed below are not successful, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results and cash flows. in addition, condom usage has declined, as a result of a lower 18 to 24 year-old population, alternate birth control options, less fear of hiv, social distancing, decreased sexual activity, and increased competition, all of which have contributed to lower demand for our products in the condom category. we continue to evaluate and vigorously address these pressures through, among other things, new product introductions and increased marketing and trade spending.  however, there is no assurance that the category will not decline in the future and that we will be able to offset any such decline.
we are continuously focused on strengthening our key brands through the launch of innovative new products, which span various product categories, including premium and value household products supported by increased marketing and trade spending.  there can be no assurance that these measures will be successful.
in the domestic business, seven out of 13 "power brands" met or exceeded category growth for the full year 2020.  our global product portfolio consists of both premium (58% of total worldwide consumer revenue in 2020) and value (42% of total worldwide consumer revenue in 2020) brands, which we believe enables us to succeed in a range of economic environments.  we intend to continue to develop a portfolio of appealing new products to build loyalty among cost-conscious consumers.
over the past two decades, we have diversified from an almost exclusively u.s. business to a global company with approximately 17% of sales derived from international countries in 2020.  we have subsidiary operations in six countries (canada, mexico, u.k., france, germany, and australia) and sell to over 130 other countries.  in 2020, we benefited from our expanded global footprint and expect to continue to focus on selectively expanding our global business.  if we are unable to expand our business internationally at the rate that we expect, we may not realize the operational benefits that we anticipate.
although we believe ongoing international expansion represents a significant opportunity to grow our business, our increasing activity in global markets exposes us to additional complexity and uncertainty.  net sales generated outside of the u.s. are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations as well as political uncertainty which could impact future operating results.  moreover, the current domestic and international political environment, including existing and potential changes to u.s. policies related to global trade and tariffs, have resulted in uncertainty regarding the global economy. the impact of u.s. tariffs on certain products was a component of increased cost of sale during the year ended december 31, 2020. the implementation of more restrictive trade policies, such as higher tariffs or new barriers to entry, in countries in which we manufacture or sell large quantities of products and services could negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition.
we also continue to focus on controlling our costs.  historically, we have been able to mitigate the effects of cost increases primarily by implementing cost reduction programs and, to a lesser extent, by passing along some of these cost increases to customers.  we have also entered into set pricing and pre-buying arrangements with certain suppliers and hedge agreements for diesel fuel and other commodities. should we be required to address cost increases by increasing the prices that our customers pay for our products, we cannot be certain they will be accepted. additionally, maintaining tight controls on overhead costs has been a hallmark of ours and has enabled us to effectively navigate recent challenging economic conditions.
the identification and integration of strategic acquisitions are an important component of our overall strategy and product category diversification.  acquisitions have added significantly to our sales and profits and product category diversification over the last decade.  this is evidenced by our 2015 acquisition of certain assets of varied industries corporation (the "vi-cor acquisition"), 2016 acquisitions of spencer forrest, inc., the maker of toppik (the "toppik acquisition"), and the anusol and rectinol businesses from johnson & johnson (the "anusol acquisition"), 2017 acquisitions of viviscal from lifes2good holdings limited (the "viviscal acquisition"), agro biosciences, inc. (the "agro acquisition"), and waterpik from pik holdings, inc. (the "waterpik acquisition"),  2018 acquisition of passport food safety solutions, inc. (the "passport acquisition"), the 2019 acquisition of flawless; and the 2020 acquisition of zicam from consumer health holdco llc.  however, the failure to effectively identify or integrate any acquisition or achieve expected synergies may cause us to incur material asset write-downs.  we actively seek acquisitions that fit our guidelines, and our strong financial position provides us with flexibility to take advantage of acquisition opportunities.  in addition, our ability to quickly integrate acquisitions and leverage existing infrastructure has enabled us to establish a strong track record in making accretive acquisitions.  since 2001, we have acquired 12 of our 13 "power brands".
we believe we are positioned to meet the ongoing challenges described above due to our strong financial condition, experience operating in challenging environments and continued focus on key strategic initiatives: maintaining competitive marketing and trade spending, managing our cost structure, continuing to develop and launch new and differentiated products, and pursuing strategic acquisitions.  this focus, together with the strength of our portfolio of premium and value brands, has enabled us to succeed in a range of economic environments, and is expected to position us to continue to increase stockholder value over the long-term.  moreover, the generation of a significant amount of cash from operations, as a result of net income and effective working capital management, combined with an investment grade credit rating provides us with the financial flexibility to pursue acquisitions, drive new product development, make capital
(dollars in millions, except share and per share data)
expenditures to support organic growth and gross margin improvements, return cash to stockholders through dividends and share buy backs, and reduce outstanding debt, positioning us to continue to create stockholder value.
for information regarding risks and uncertainties that could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and cash flows, see "risk factors" in item 1a of this annual report.
recent developments zicam acquisition on december 1, 2020, we acquired all of the outstanding equity of consumer health holdco llc, the owner of the zicam® brand and cold remedy products business.  we paid $512.7, net of cash acquired, at closing and deferred an additional cash payment of $20.0 related to certain indemnifications provided by the seller.  the additional amount is payable five years from the closing.  zicam's annual sales for the year ended december 31, 2020 were approximately $107.0.  the acquisition was financed by us with a combination of cash on hand and short-term borrowings.  the zicam business is managed in the consumer domestic segment.
accelerated share repurchase program in december 2020, we entered into an accelerated share repurchase ("asr") contract with a commercial bank to purchase common stock.  we paid $300.0 to the bank, inclusive of fees, and received an initial delivery of shares equal to $270.0, or 3.1 million shares.  we used cash on hand and short-term borrowings to fund the initial purchase price.  upon the completion of the asr, which ended in february 2021, the bank delivered to us an additional 0.4 million shares.  the final shares delivered to the us were determined by the average price per share paid by the bank during the purchase period.  all 3.5 million shares were purchased under our evergreen program.  as a result of our stock repurchases in recent years, there remains $210.0 of share repurchase availability under the 2017 share repurchase program as of december 31, 2020.
perl weiss transaction during the first quarter of 2020, we sold our perl weiss® toothpaste brand in germany with a tradename net book value of $2.7 and corresponding goodwill of $1.3 for cash proceeds of $7.0.  the $3.0 gain associated with this transaction was recorded as a reduction of selling, general & administrative ("sg&a") expense in the consumer international segment.
(dollars in millions, except share and per share data)
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s. (gaap).  the preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities.  by their nature, these judgments are subject to uncertainty.  they are based on our historical experience, our observation of trends in industry, information provided by our customers and information available from other outside sources, as appropriate.  our significant accounting policies and estimates are described below.
revenue recognition and promotional and sales return reserves virtually all of our revenue represents sales of finished goods inventory and is recognized when received or picked up by our customers.  the reserves for consumer and trade promotion liabilities and sales returns are established based on our best estimate of the amounts necessary to settle future and existing claims on products sold as of the balance sheet date.  promotional reserves are provided for sales incentives, such as coupons to consumers, and sales incentives provided to customers (such as slotting, cooperative advertising, incentive discounts based on volume of sales and other arrangements made directly with customers).  all such costs are netted against sales.  slotting costs are recorded when the product is delivered to the customer.  cooperative advertising costs are recorded when the customer places the advertisement for our products.  discounts relating to price reduction arrangements and coupons are recorded when the related sale takes place.  costs associated with end-aisle or other in-store displays are recorded when product that is subject to the promotion is sold.  we rely on historical experience and forecasted data to determine the required reserves.  for example, we use historical experience to project coupon redemption rates to determine reserve requirements.  based on the total face value of consumer domestic coupons redeemed over the past several years, if the actual rate of redemptions were to deviate by 0.1% from the rate for which reserves are accrued in the financial statements, a difference of approximately $1.0 in the reserve required for coupons would result.  with regard to other promotional reserves and sales returns, we use experience-based estimates, customer and sales organization inputs and historical trend analysis in arriving at the reserves required.  if our estimates for promotional activities and sales returns reserves were to change by 10% the impact to promotional spending and sales return accruals would be approximately $9.6.  while management believes that its promotional and sales returns reserves are reasonable and that appropriate judgments have been made, estimated amounts could differ materially from actual future obligations.
impairment of goodwill, trade names and other intangible assets carrying values of goodwill and indefinite-lived trade names are reviewed periodically for possible impairment.  finite intangible assets are assessed when there are business triggering events.  our impairment analysis is based on a discounted cash flow approach that requires significant judgment with respect to unit volume, revenue and expense growth rates, and the selection of an appropriate discount rate.  management uses estimates based on expected trends in making these assumptions.  with respect to goodwill, impairment occurs when the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds the discounted present value of cash flows for that reporting unit.  for trade names and other intangible assets, an impairment charge is recorded for the difference between the carrying value and the net present value of estimated future cash flows, which represents the estimated fair value of the asset.  judgment is required in assessing whether assets may have become impaired between annual valuations.  indicators such as unexpected adverse economic factors, unanticipated technological change, distribution losses, or competitive activities and acts by governments and courts may indicate that an asset has become impaired.  the result of our annual goodwill impairment test determined that the estimated fair value substantially exceeded the carrying values of all reporting units.  in addition, there were no goodwill impairment charges for each of the years in the three-year period ended december 31, 2020.
fair value for indefinite lived intangible assets was estimated based on a "relief from royalty" or "excess earnings" discounted cash flow method, which contains numerous variables that are subject to change as business conditions change, and therefore could impact fair values in the future.  we determined that the fair value of all intangible assets for each of the years in the three-year period ended december 31, 2020 exceeded their respective carrying values based upon the forecasted cash flows and profitability. however, in recent years our trojan business, specifically the condom category, has not grown and competition has increased resulting in a reduction in expected future cash flows.  as a result, the trojan business has experienced sales and profit declines that has eroded a significant portion of the excess between the fair and carrying value of the tradename, which could potentially result in an impairment.  while management can and has implemented strategies to address the risk, significant changes in operating plans or adverse changes in the future could reduce the underlying cash flows used to estimate fair values and could result in a decline in fair value that could trigger future impairment charges of these assets.
it is possible that our conclusions regarding impairment or recoverability of goodwill or other intangible assets could change in future periods if, for example, (i) the businesses or brands do not perform as projected, (ii) overall economic conditions in future years vary from current assumptions (including changes in discount rates), (iii) business conditions or strategies change from current assumptions, (iv) investors require higher rates of return on equity investments in the marketplace or (v) enterprise values of comparable publicly traded companies, or actual sales transactions of comparable companies, were to decline, resulting in lower multiples of revenues and ebitda.  a future impairment charge for goodwill or intangible assets could have a material effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations.
(dollars in millions, except share and per share data)
income taxes income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method.  deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized to reflect the future tax consequences attributable to the differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards.  deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which the differences are expected to be recovered or settled.  management provides a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets for amounts which are not considered "more likely than not" to be realized.  we record liabilities for potential assessments in various tax jurisdictions under u.s. gaap guidelines.  the liabilities relate to tax return positions that, although supportable by us, may be challenged by the tax authorities and do not meet the minimum recognition threshold required under applicable accounting guidance for the related tax benefit to be recognized in the income statement.  we adjust this liability as a result of changes in tax legislation, interpretations of laws by courts, rulings by tax authorities, changes in estimates and the expiration of the statute of limitations.  many of the judgments involved in adjusting the liability involve assumptions and estimates that are highly uncertain and subject to change.  in this regard, settlement of any issue, or an adverse determination in litigation, with a taxing authority could require the use of cash and result in an increase in our annual tax rate.  conversely, favorable resolution of an issue with a taxing authority would be recognized as a reduction to our annual tax rate.
new accounting pronouncements refer to note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for recently adopted accounting pronouncements and recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted as of december 31, 2020.
(dollars in millions, except share and per share data)
results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018
the discussion of results of operations at the consolidated level presented below is followed by a more detailed discussion of results of operations by segment.  this section of this form 10-k generally discusses 2020 and 2019 results and year-to-year comparisons between 2020 and 2019.  discussions of 2018 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2019 and 2018 that are not included in this form 10-k can be found in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item 7 of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019. the segment discussion also addresses certain product line information.  our operating segments are consistent with our reportable segments.
twelve months ended            change vs.       twelve months ended
gross profit                                                  $2,214.2                   11.6%                $1,984.0
marketing expenses                                              $591.2                   14.8%                  $515.0
net sales net sales for the year ended december 31, 2020 were $4,895.8, an increase of $538.1, or 12.3% compared to 2019 net sales.  the components of the net sales increase are as follows:
foreign exchange rate fluctuations / other                                   (0.1   %)
volume from acquired product lines (net of divestiture) (1)                   2.8    %
(1)   on december 1, 2020, we completed the zicam acquisition. on may 1, 2019, we completed the flawless acquisition. the results of these acquisitions are included in our results since the date of acquisition. during the second quarter of 2019, we sold our consumer business in brazil. during the first quarter of 2020 we completed the sale of the perl weiss brand.
the volume change reflects increased product sales in all three of our segments. price/mix was favorable in the consumer domestic and consumer international segments, but was partially offset by slightly unfavorable price/mix in the spd segment.
our gross profit for 2020 was $2,214.2, a $230.2 increase compared to 2019.  gross margin was 45.2% in 2020 compared to 45.5% in 2019, a 30 basis points ("bps") decrease.  the decrease is due to higher manufacturing costs of 240 bps, primarily due to costs associated with the covid-19 pandemic, higher costs of 50 bps as a result of incremental tariffs, and the impact on margins from acquired businesses of 30 bps, partially offset by favorable price/volume/mix of 150 bps (primarily due to a reduction in trade promotion and coupons to reduce retail depletion of inventories), and the impact of productivity programs of 140 bps.
operating costs marketing expenses for 2020 were $591.2, an increase of $76.2 compared to 2019.  the higher marketing expenses is due to investments behind new product launches, consumer research and digital advertising.  marketing expenses as a percentage of net sales increased 30 bps to 12.1% in 2020 as compared to 2019 due to 160 bps on higher expenses partially offset by 130 bps of leverage on higher net sales.
sg&a expenses for 2020 were $593.3, a decrease of $35.5 or 5.6% compared to 2019.  the decrease is primarily due to the reduction of the flawless business acquisition liability by $94.0, the reduction of expenses related to the 2019 charge associated with selling our consumer
(dollars in millions, except share and per share data)
business in brazil of $7.6, and the 2020 gain of $3.0 associated with the sale of perl weiss, partially offset by higher amortization expense related to the flawless and zicam acquisitions, and higher incentive compensation, information system, r&d and selling costs.  sg&a as a percentage of net sales decreased 230 bps to 12.1% in 2020 compared to 14.4% in 2019.  the decrease is due to 160 bps of leverage associated with higher sales and 70 bps on lower expenses, including the impact of the flawless business acquisition liability adjustment.
other income and expenses other expense increased by $1.0 in 2020 as compared to 2019, primarily due to the effect of changes in foreign exchange rates.
taxation the 2020 u.s. federal effective income tax rate was 19.3% compared to 20.4% in 2019. the decrease of 110 basis points was impacted by higher stock option exercises and a tax settlement in 2020.
segment results for 2020, 2019 and 2018
we operate three reportable segments: consumer domestic, consumer international and spd.  these segments are determined based on differences in the nature of products and organizational and ownership structures.  we also have a corporate segment.
consumer domestic        household and personal care products consumer international   primarily personal care products spd                      specialty chemical products the corporate segment income consists of equity in earnings of affiliates.  as of december 31, 2020, we held 50% ownership interests in each of armand and armakleen, respectively.  our equity in earnings of armand and armakleen, totaling $6.7, $6.6 and $9.2 for the three years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively, are included in the corporate segment.
(dollars in millions, except share and per share data)
some of the subsidiaries that are included in the consumer international segment manufacture and sell personal care products to the consumer domestic segment.  these sales are eliminated from the consumer international segment results set forth below.
segment net sales and income before income taxes for each of the three years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018 were as follows:
consumer          consumer
income before income taxes(2)
(1)   intersegment sales from consumer international to consumer domestic, which are not reflected in the table, were $11.7, $10.5 and $5.7 for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
(2)   in determining income before income taxes, interest expense, investment earnings and certain aspects of other income and expense were allocated among segments based upon each segment's relative income from operations.
(3)   corporate segment consists of equity in earnings of affiliates from armand and armakleen in 2020, 2019 and 2018.
(4)   2020 results include a $94.0 reduction of sg&amp;a expenses to adjust the flawless business acquisition liability, of which $79.9 was recorded to consumer domestic and $14.1 was recorded to consumer international. during 2020, we sold our perl weiss® toothpaste brand in germany resulting in a reduction in sg&amp;a expenses of $3.0 recorded in consumer international.
(5)   2019 results include an sg&amp;a charge associated with selling our consumer business in brazil of $7.6 recorded in consumer international and a $10.0 sg&amp;a charge to adjust the flawless business acquisition liability, of which $8.5 was recorded to consumer domestic and $1.5 was recorded to consumer international. these charges were partially offset by a $7.3 adjustment to the passport business acquisition liability and a $1.5 adjustment to the agro business acquisition liability, both of which reduced sg&amp;a expenses in spd.
(6)   2018 results include a $7.5 reduction of sg&amp;a expenses to adjust the agro business acquisition liability in spd.
product line revenues for external customers for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018 were as follows:
total consumer domestic                   3,767.6              3,302.6              3,129.9
total consumer international                828.2                756.3                709.5
household products include deodorizing, cleaning and laundry products.  personal care products include condoms, pregnancy kits, oral care products, skin care products, hair care products and gummy dietary supplements.
consumer domestic
consumer domestic net sales in 2020 were $3,767.6, an increase of $465.0 or 14.1% compared to net sales of $3,302.6 in 2019.  the components of the net sales change are the following:
net sales - consumer domestic    december 31, 2020
(1)   includes the flawless and zicam acquisitions since the date of acquisition.
(dollars in millions, except share and per share data)
the increase in net sales for 2020 reflects the impact of the flawless and zicam acquisitions, higher sales of vitafusion and l'il critters gummy vitamins, arm & hammer liquid laundry detergent, oxiclean® stain fighters, arm & hammer clumping cat litter and baking soda, waterpik water flossers and showerheads, kaboom bathroom cleaners, and arm & hammer laundry detergent scent boosters.  a number of these brands realized higher than anticipated sales due to higher consumer demand due to the covid-19 pandemic.
condom usage has declined, as a result of a lower 18 to 24 year-old population, alternate birth control options, less fear of hiv, decreased sexual activity, and increased competition, all of which have contributed to lower demand for our products in the condom category.  due primarily to the recent social distancing requirements related to the covid-19 pandemic, condom usage continues to decline.  as a result, the trojan business has experienced sales and profit declines that has eroded a portion of the excess between the fair and carrying value of the tradename, which could potentially result in an impairment.  the carrying value of the trojan tradename is $176.4 and fair value exceeded carrying value by 53% as of december 31, 2020.  this indefinite-lived intangible asset is susceptible to impairment risk. while management can and has implemented strategies to address the risk, including lowering our production costs, investing in new product ideas, and developing new creative advertising, significant changes in operating plans or adverse changes in the future could reduce the underlying cash flows used to estimate fair value.  this could result in a decline in fair value that could trigger a future impairment charge of the tradename.
consumer domestic income before income taxes for 2020 was $832.4, a $186.6 increase as compared to 2019.  the increase is due primarily to higher volumes of $206.6, favorable price/mix of $60.1, lower sg&a expenses of $14.4 (driven by the flawless business acquisition liability adjustment of $79.9 in 2020), and lower interest and other expenses of $9.8, partially offset by higher marketing expenses of $62.7, and unfavorable manufacturing and distribution expenses of $40.9.
consumer international
consumer international net sales in 2020 were $828.2, an increase of $71.9 or 9.5% as compared to 2019.  the components of the net sales change are the following:
net sales - consumer international                december 31, 2020
foreign exchange rate fluctuations                                           (0.7   %)
volume from acquired product lines (net of divestiture) (1)                   1.6    %
(1)   includes the flawless acquisition since the date of acquisition. during the second quarter of 2019, we sold our consumer business in brazil. during the first quarter of 2020 we completed the sale of the perl weiss brand.
excluding the impact of foreign exchange rates and the flawless acquisition, higher sales were driven primarily by the global markets group, as well as canada and australia domestic markets, partially offset by declines in mexico and uk.  a number of brands in these regions realized higher than anticipated sales due to higher consumer demand resulting from the covid-19 pandemic.
consumer international income before income taxes was $105.0 in 2020, an increase of $31.0 compared to 2019 due primarily to higher sales volumes of $38.9, lower sg&a costs of $22.7 (driven by the flawless business acquisition liability adjustment of $14.1 in 2020), and lower interest expense of $0.4, partially offset by higher marketing expenses of $13.4, unfavorable manufacturing and commodity costs of $6.5, unfavorable price/product mix of $6.3, unfavorable foreign exchange rates of $3.6, and higher other expenses of $1.0.
(dollars in millions, except share and per share data)
spd net sales were $300.0 for 2020, an increase of $1.2, or 0.4% compared to 2019.  the components of the net sales change are the following:
higher volumes in the non-dairy segment of the animal and food production business were partially offset by lower volumes in the dairy segment, while the specialty chemicals business had flat volumes.  lower pricing primarily due to product mix in the non-dairy segment and the specialty chemicals business was partially offset by higher pricing in the dairy segment.  overall demand for these segments were impacted by factors relating to the covid-19 pandemic.
spd income before income taxes was $29.7 in 2020, a decrease of $17.6 compared to 2019.  the decrease in income before income taxes for 2020 is due primarily to higher sg&a costs of $13.6, unfavorable manufacturing costs of $8.6, and unfavorable price/product mix of $1.3, partially offset by higher sales volumes of $3.2, lower expenses of $2.9 including $0.4 of lower marketing expenses.
corporate the corporate segment reflects the reclassification of administrative costs of the production, planning and logistics functions which are included in sg&a expenses in the operating segments but are elements of cost of sales in our consolidated statements of income.  such amounts were $59.8, $48.2 and $44.0 for 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
also included in corporate segment are the equity in earnings of affiliates from armand and armakleen, totaling $6.7, $6.6 and $9.2 for the three years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
liquidity and capital resources on may 1, 2019, we amended the credit agreement (the "credit agreement") that provides for our $1,000.0 unsecured revolving credit facility (the "revolving credit facility") to extend the term of the revolving credit facility from march 29, 2023 to march 29, 2024.  we continue to have the ability to increase our borrowing up to an additional $600.0, subject to lender commitments and certain conditions as described in the credit agreement.  borrowings under the credit agreement are available for general corporate purposes.
in march 2020, we borrowed $825.0 under the revolving credit facility as a precautionary measure to increase our cash position and preserve financial flexibility in light of uncertainty in the global markets resulting from the covid-19 pandemic.  the full $825.0 was repaid in may 2020.  we have the ability to borrow under the revolving credit facility at any time up to the borrowing limit.
as of december 31, 2020, we had $183.1 in cash and cash equivalents, and approximately $648.0 available through the revolving facility under our credit agreement and our commercial paper program.  to preserve our liquidity, we invest cash primarily in government money market funds, prime money market funds, short-term commercial paper and short-term bank deposits.
on may 1, 2019, we entered into a $300.0 unsecured term loan credit facility with various banks, the proceeds of which were used to partially fund the flawless acquisition.  unless prepaid, the loan is due on may 1, 2022.  the interest rate is u.s. dollar london interbank offered rate ("libor") plus an applicable margin based on our credit rating, which can range from 60 bps to 113 bps.
we financed the waterpik acquisition with a portion of the proceeds from an underwritten public offering of $1,425.0 aggregate principal amount of senior notes completed on july 25, 2017, consisting of $300.0 aggregate principal amount of floating rate senior notes that were due in 2019 and have been fully repaid, $300.0 aggregate principal amount of 2.45% senior notes due 2022, $425.0 aggregate principal amount of 3.15% senior notes due 2027 and $400.0 aggregate principal amount of 3.95% senior notes due 2047 (collectively, the "senior notes").  the floating rate senior notes, which matured and were repaid in full with cash on hand and commercial paper on january 25, 2019, bore interest at a rate, reset quarterly, equal to three-month libor plus 0.15%.
on december 9, 2014, we issued $300.0 aggregate principal amount of 2.45% senior notes due december 15, 2019 (the "2019 notes").  these notes were repaid in full in the fourth quarter of 2019 with cash on hand and proceeds from the issuance of commercial paper.
(dollars in millions, except share and per share data)
in 2015, we initiated a supply chain finance program ("scf program").  under the scf program, qualifying suppliers may elect to sell their receivables from us for early payment. participating suppliers negotiate their receivables sales arrangements directly with a third party. we are not party to those agreements and do not have an economic interest in the supplier's decision to sell their receivables.  the scf program may allow suppliers more favorable terms than they could secure on their own.  the terms of our payment obligations are not impacted by a supplier's participation in the scf program.   our payment terms with suppliers are consistent between suppliers that elect to participate in the scf program and those that do not participate.  as a result, the program does not have an impact to our average days outstanding.
all amounts outstanding to suppliers participating in the scf program are recorded within accounts payable in our consolidated balance sheets, and the associated payments are included in operating activities within our consolidated statements of cash flows.
the current economic environment presents risks that could have adverse consequences for our liquidity.  see the discussion of this and other risks under "risk factors" in item 1a of this annual report.  although there is uncertainty related to the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our future results, we believe our efficient business model and strong balance sheet position us to manage our business through this crisis. we continue to manage all aspects of our business including, but not limited to, monitoring the financial health of our customers, suppliers and other third-party relationships, implementing gross margin enhancement strategies and developing new opportunities for growth.  we do not anticipate that current economic conditions will adversely affect our ability to comply with the financial covenant in the credit agreement because we currently are, and anticipate that we will continue to be, in compliance with the maximum leverage ratio requirement under the credit agreement.
on november 1, 2017, the board authorized a share repurchase program, under which we may repurchase up to $500.0 in shares of common stock (the "2017 share repurchase program").  the 2017 share repurchase program does not have an expiration date.  we also continued our evergreen share repurchase program, authorized by the board on january 29, 2014, under which we may repurchase, from time to time, common stock to reduce or eliminate dilution associated with issuances of common stock under our incentive plans.
in november of 2017, we executed open market purchases of $100.0 of our common stock under the 2017 share repurchase program.  in the first quarter of 2018, we settled an accelerated share repurchase ("asr") contract and purchased approximately 4.1 million shares of common stock for $200.0, of which approximately $110.0 was purchased under the evergreen share repurchase program and $90.0 was purchased under the 2017 share repurchase program.
in january 2019, we executed open market purchases of $100.0 of our common stock, all of which were purchased under the evergreen share repurchase program.  in september 2019, we executed open market purchases of $150.0 of our common stock of which $50.0 was purchased under the evergreen share repurchase program and $100.0 was purchased under the 2017 share repurchase program.
in december 2020, we entered into an accelerated share repurchase ("asr") contract with a commercial bank to purchase common stock.  we paid $300.0 to the bank, inclusive of fees, and received an initial delivery of shares equal to $270.0, or 3.1 million shares.  we used cash on hand and short-term borrowings to fund the initial purchase price.  upon the completion of the asr, which ended in february 2021, the bank delivered to us an additional 0.4 million shares.  the final shares delivered to us were determined by the average price per share paid by the bank during the purchase period.  all 3.5 million shares were purchased under our evergreen program.
as a result of these common stock repurchases, there remains $210.0 of share repurchase availability under the 2017 share repurchase program as of december 31, 2020.
we anticipate that our cash from operations, together with our current borrowing capacity, will be sufficient to fund our share repurchase programs to the extent implemented by management, pay debt and interest as it comes due and pay dividends at the latest approved rate, and meet our capital expenditure program costs, which are expected to be approximately $180 in 2021 primarily for manufacturing capacity investments in laundry, litter and vitamins to support expected future sales growth.  we do not have any mandatory fixed rate debt principal payments due in 2021.  cash, together with our current borrowing capacity, may be used for acquisitions that would complement our existing product lines or geographic markets.
(dollars in millions, except share and per share data)
net cash provided by operating activities   $990.3                    $864.5                    $763.6
net cash used in investing activities       $(608.1           )       $(553.5           )       $(112.1           )
net cash used in financing activities       $(360.1           )       $(472.9           )       $(609.0           )
net cash provided by operating activities - our primary source of liquidity is our cash flow provided by operating activities, which is dependent on the level of net income and changes in working capital.  our net cash provided by operating activities in 2020 increased by $125.8 to $990.3 as compared to $864.5 in 2019 due to higher cash earnings (net income adjusted for non-cash items such as depreciation, amortization, non-cash compensation and changes in business acquisition liabilities and deferred taxes) and an improvement in working capital.  the change in working capital is primarily due to higher accounts payable and accrued expenses, which in part is due to higher inventories to support sales growth.  we measure working capital effectiveness based on our cash conversion cycle.  the following table presents our cash conversion cycle information for the quarters ended december 31, 2020 and 2019:
december 31, 2020           december 31, 2019   change days of sales outstanding in accounts receivable ("dso")                    28                          29          (1   )
our cash conversion cycle (defined as the sum of dso plus dio less dpo) at december 31, 2020, which is calculated using a two period average method, decreased 3 days from the prior year amount of 21 days to 18 days at december 31, 2020 due primarily to an increase in dpo of 3 days due to payable term extensions and payables related to higher inventory purchases.  we continue to focus on reducing our working capital requirements.
net cash used in investing activities - net cash used in investing activities during 2020 was $608.1, primarily reflecting $512.7 for the zicam acquisition, $98.9 for property, plant and equipment additions, partially offset by cash proceeds of $7.0 from the sale of the perl weiss® toothpaste brand in germany.  net cash used in investing activities during 2019 was $553.5, primarily reflecting $475.0 for the flawless acquisition, and $73.7 for property, plant and equipment additions.
net cash used in financing activities - net cash used in financing activities during the twelve months of 2020 was $360.1, reflecting $300.0 of repurchases of our common stock, $237.3 of cash dividend payments, and $14.5 for the agro business acquisition liability settlement, partially offset by $99.0 of short-term debt borrowings, net of repayments, and $93.0 of proceeds from stock option exercises. net cash used in financing activities during the twelve months of 2019 was $472.9, reflecting $250.0 of repurchases of our common stock, $224.1 of cash dividend payments, and $49.0 of net debt repayments, partially offset by $52.8 of proceeds from stock option exercises.
(dollars in millions, except share and per share data)
commitments as of december 31, 2020
the table below summarizes our material contractual obligations and commitments as of december 31, 2020.
debt obligations of foreign subsidiaries              2.4                 2.4                      0.0                         0.0                   0.0
other long-term liabilities letters of credit(2)                                  3.1                 3.1                      0.0                         0.0                   0.0
(2)   letters of credit with several banks guarantee payment for items such as insurance claims in the event of our insolvency.
(3)   we have outstanding purchase obligations with suppliers at the end of 2020 for raw, packaging and other materials and services in the normal course of business. these purchase obligation amounts represent only those items which are based on agreements that are enforceable and legally binding, and do not represent total anticipated purchases.
(4)   other includes payments for baseball marketing and sponsorship.
off-balance sheet arrangements we do not have off-balance sheet financing or unconsolidated special purpose entities.
other items market risk concentration of risk a group of three customers accounted for approximately 36% of consolidated net sales each year in 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively, of which a single customer, walmart, accounted for approximately 23%, 24% and 23% in 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
interest rate risk we had outstanding total debt at december 31, 2020, of $2,163.9, net of debt issuance costs, of which 70% has a fixed weighted average interest rate of 3.1% and the remaining 30% was constituted of commercial paper issued by us that currently has a weighted average interest rate of approximately 0.26% and the term loan due 2022 with a current rate of approximately 0.88%.  in 2019, we entered into interest rate swap lock agreements to hedge the risk of changes in the interest payments attributable to changes in the benchmark libor interest rate associated with anticipated issuances of debt.  the notional amount of the interest rate swap locks is $300.0. these interest rate swap lock agreements have been designated as hedges of the changes in fair value of the underlying debt obligation attributable to changes in interest rates and are accounted for as fair value hedges.
other market risks we are also subject to market risks relating to our diesel and other commodity costs, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, and changes in the market price of the common stock.  refer to note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of these market
(dollars in millions, except share and per share data)
risks and the derivatives used to manage the risks associated with changing diesel fuel and other commodity prices, foreign exchange rates and the price of our common stock.