management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations management's discussion and analysis is the company's analysis of its financial performance and of significant trends that may affect future performance.
it should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes, and supplemental oil and gas disclosures included elsewhere in this report.
it contains forward-looking statements including, without limitation, statements relating to the company's plans, strategies, objectives, expectations and intentions that are made pursuant to the "safe harbor" provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of
the company does not undertake to update, revise or correct any of the forward-looking information unless required to do so under the federal securities laws.
readers are cautioned that such forward-looking statements should be read in conjunction with the company's disclosures under the heading: "cautionary statement for the purposes of the 'safe harbor' provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of
business environment and executiveoverview conocophillips is an independent e&p company with operations and activities in 15 countries.
completed acquisition of concho resources inc.
on january 15, 2021, we completed our acquisition of concho resources inc. (concho), an independent oil and gas exploration and production company with operations across new mexico and west texas.
the addition of complementary acreage in the delaware and midland basins creates a sizeable permian presence to augment our leading unconventional positions in the eagle ford and bakken in the lower 48
the combined companies are expected to capture approximately $750 million of annual cost and capital savings by 2022.
for additional information related to this transaction, see note 25-
acquisition of concho resources inc. in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
overview the energy landscape changed dramatically in 2020 with simultaneous demand and supply shocks that drove the industry into a severe downturn.
mitigation efforts to stop the spread of this highly-contagious disease include stay-at-home orders and business closures that caused sharp contractions in economic activity worldwide.
these dual demand and supply shocks caused oil prices to collapse as we exited the first quarter of 2020.
as we entered the second quarter of 2020, predictions of covid-19 driven global oil demand losses intensified, with forecasts of unprecedented demand declines.
based on these forecasts, opec plus nations held an emergency meeting, and in april they announced a coordinated production cut that was unprecedented in both its magnitude and duration.
until april 2022, with the volume of production cuts easing over time.
additionally, non-opec plus countries, including the u.s., canada, brazil and other g-20 countries, announced organic reductions to production through the release of drilling rigs, frac crews, normal field decline and curtailments.
despite these planned production decreases, the supply cuts were not timely enough to overcome significant demand decline.
futures prices for april wti closed under $20 a barrel for the first time since 2001, followed by may wti settling below zero on the day before futures contracts expiry, as holders of may futures contracts struggled to exit positions and avoid taking physical delivery.
as storage constraints approached, spot prices in april for certain north american landlocked grades of crude oil were in the single digits or even negative for particularly remote or low-grade crudes, while waterborne priced crudes such as brent sold at a relative advantage.
the extreme volatility experienced in the first half of the year settled down in the second half of the year, with wti crude oil prices exiting the year near $50 per barrel.
since the start of the severe downturn, we have closely monitored the market and taken prudent actions in response to this situation.
we entered 2020 in a position of relative strength, with cash and cash equivalents of more than $5 billion, short-term investments of $3 billion, and an undrawn credit facility of $6 billion, totaling approximately $14 billion in available liquidity.
additionally, we had several entity and asset sales agreements in place, which generated $1.3 billion in proceeds from dispositions during 2020.
for more information about the sales of our australia-west and non-core lower 48 assets, see note 4-asset acquisitions and dispositions in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
in march, we announced an initial set of actions to address the downturn and followed up with additional actions in april.
the combined announcements reflected a reduction in our 2020 operating plan capital of $2.3
we also established a framework for evaluating our assets and implementing economic production curtailments considering the weakness in oil prices during the second quarter of 2020, which resulted in taking an additional significant step of voluntarily curtailing production, predominantly from operated north american assets.
due to our strong balance sheet, we were in an advantaged position to forgo some production and cash flow in anticipation of receiving higher cash flows for those volumes in the future.
in the second quarter, we curtailed production by an estimated 225 mboed, with 145 mboed of the curtailments from the lower 48, 40 mboed from alaska and 30 mboed from our surmont operation in canada.
other industry operators also cut production and development plans and as we progressed through the second quarter, certain stay-at-home restrictions eased, which partially restored lost demand, and wti and brent prices exited the second quarter around $40 per barrel.
based on our economic framework, we began restoring production from voluntary curtailments in july, and with oil stabilizing around $40 per barrel, we ended our curtailment program during the third quarter.
90 mboed, with
in august 2020, we acquired additional montney acreage for cash consideration of $382 million, after customary post-closing adjustments.
this acquisition consisted primarily of undeveloped properties and included
140,000 net acres in the liquids-rich inga fireweed asset montney zone, which is directly adjacent to our existing montney position.
the transaction increased our montney acreage position to approximately 295,000
net acres with a 100 percent working interest.
see note 4-acquisitions and dispositions in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
per share and resumed share repurchases before suspending our share repurchase program upon entry into our definitive agreement to acquire concho.
we resumed shares repurchases in february 2021 after completion of our concho acquisition.
we ended the year with over $12 billion of liquidity, comprised of $3.0 billion in cash and cash equivalents, $3.6 billion in short-term investments, and available borrowings under our credit facility of $5.7 billion.
our expectation is that commodity prices will remain cyclical and volatile, and a successful business strategy in the e&p industry must be resilient in lower price environments, at the same time retaining upside during periods of higher prices.
while we are not impervious to current market conditions, we believe our decisive actions over the last several years of focusing on free cash flow generation, high-grading our asset base, lowering the cost of supply of our investment resource portfolio, and strengthening our balance sheet have put us in a strong relative position compared to our independent e&p peers.
we remain committed to the core principles of our value proposition, namely, free cash flow generation, a strong balance sheet, commitment to differential returns of and on capital, and esg leadership.
our workforce and operations have adjusted to mitigate the impacts of the covid-19
we have operations in remote areas with confined spaces, such as offshore platforms, the north slope of alaska, curtis island in australia, western canada and indonesia, where viruses could rapidly spread.
a portion of our office staff have continued to work successfully remotely, with offices around the world carefully designing and executing a flexible, phased reentry, following national, state and local guidelines.
these mitigation measures have thus far been effective at reducing business operation disruptions.
workforce health and safety remains the overriding driver for our actions and we have demonstrated our ability to adapt to local conditions as warranted.
our commercial organization managed transportation commitments during our voluntary curtailment program.
our supply chain function is proactively working with vendors to ensure the continuity of our business operations, monitor distressed service and materials providers, capture deflation opportunities, and pursue cost reduction efforts.
we also enhanced our focus on counterparty risk monitoring during this period and requested credit assurances when applicable.
in 2020, production of 1,127 mboed generated cash provided by operating activities of $4.8 billion.
billion into the business in the form of capital expenditures, including $0.5
billion of acquisition capital, and paid dividends to shareholders of $1.8 billion.
adjusting for estimated curtailments of approximately 80 mboed; closed acquisitions and dispositions;
mboed compared with 2019 production.
production from libya averaged 9 mboed as it was in force majeure during a significant portion of the year.
key operating and financial summary significant items during 2020 and recent announcements included the following:
enhanced both our portfolio and financial framework through the acquisition of concho in an all-stock transaction, as well as purchasing bolt-on acreage in canada and lower
cash provided by operating activities was $4.8 billion.
generated $1.3 billion in disposition proceeds from non-core asset sales.
ended the year with cash and cash equivalents totaling $3.0 billion and short-term investments of $3.6
adopted a paris-aligned climate risk framework with ambition to achieve net
2050 as part of our commitment to esg excellence.
business environment brent crude oil prices averaged $42 per barrel in 2020, compared with $64 per barrel in 2019.
the energy industry has periodically experienced this type of volatility due to fluctuating supply-and-demand conditions and such volatility may persist for the foreseeable future.
commodity prices are the most significant factor impacting our profitability and related reinvestment of operating cash flows into our business.
our strategy is to create value through price cycles by delivering on the foundational principles that underpin our value proposition; free cash flow generation, a strong balance sheet, commitment to differential returns of and on capital, and esg leadership.
operational and financial factors affecting profitability the focus areas we believe will drive our success through the price cycles include:
this is a core principle of our value proposition.
our goal is to achieve strong free cash flow by exercising capital discipline, controlling our costs, and safely and reliably delivering production.
throughout the price cycles, we expect to make capital investments sufficient to sustain production.
free cash flow provides funds that are available to return to shareholders, strengthen the balance sheet to deliver on our priorities through the price cycles, or reinvest back into the business for future cash flow expansion.
o maintain capital allocation discipline.
we participate in a commodity price-driven and capital-intensive industry, with varying lead times from when an investment decision is made to the time an asset is operational and generates cash flow.
as a result, we must invest significant capital dollars to explore for new oil and gas fields, develop newly discovered fields, maintain existing fields, and construct pipelines and lng facilities.
we allocate capital across a geographically diverse, low cost of supply resource base, which combined with legacy assets results in low production decline.
fully burdened includes capital infrastructure, foreign exchange, price related inflation and g&a.
in setting our capital plans, we exercise a rigorous approach that evaluates projects using this cost of supply criteria, which we believe will lead to value maximization and cash flow expansion using an optimized investment pace, not production growth for growth's sake.
our cash allocation priorities call for the investment of sufficient capital to sustain production and pay the existing dividend.
additional capital may be allocated toward growth, but discipline will be maintained.
in february 2021, we announced 2021 operating plan capital for the combined company of
the plan includes $5.1 billion to sustain current production and $0.4 billion for investment in major projects, primarily in alaska, in addition to ongoing exploration appraisal activity.
the operating plan capital budget of $5.5 billion is expected to deliver production from the combined company of approximately 1.5 mmboed in 2021.
controlling operating and overhead costs, without compromising safety and environmental stewardship, is a high priority.
we monitor these costs using various methodologies that are reported to senior management monthly, on both an absolute-
dollar basis and a per-unit basis.
managing operating and overhead costs is critical to maintaining a competitive position in our industry, particularly in a low commodity price environment.
the ability to control our operating and overhead costs impacts our ability to deliver strong cash from operations.
percent lower than 2019, primarily due to decreased wellwork and transportation costs resulting from production curtailments across our north american operated assets as well as the absence of costs related to our u.k. and australia-west divestitures.
for more information related to our u.k. and australia-west divestitures, see note 4-acquisitions and dispositions in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
at the time of the concho acquisition announcement in october 2020, we announced planned cost reductions and quantified $350 million of annual expense savings expected to be achieved by 2022.
and $100 million of redundant g&a costs on a combined basis related to the concho acquisition.
in january 2021, we completed the acquisition of concho and significantly increased our unconventional portfolio with years of low cost of supply investments.
the addition of complementary acreage in the delaware and midland basins creates a sizeable permian presence to augment our leading unconventional positions in the eagle ford and bakken in the lower 48.
we added to our unconventional montney position with an asset acquisition that consisted primarily of undeveloped properties directly adjacent to our existing acreage.
these acquisitions followed several non-core asset sales earlier in the year including australia-west in our asia pacific segment, and niobrara and waddell ranch in the lower
we managed the portfolio well during a turbulent year, with asset sales entered at the end of 2019 generating $1.3 billion of proceeds from dispositions in the first half of 2020, followed by opportunistic acquisitions of unconventional assets in the second half of 2020
after commodity prices had dropped.
we will continue to evaluate our assets to determine whether they compete for capital within our portfolio and will optimize the portfolio as necessary, directing capital towards the most competitive investments.
we believe balance sheet strength is critical in a cyclical business such as ours.
our strong operating performance buffered by a solid balance sheet enables us to deliver on our priorities through the price cycles.
our priorities include execution of our development plans, maintaining a growing dividend, and returning competitive returns of capital to shareholders.
commitment to differential returns of and on capital.
we believe in delivering value to our shareholders via a growing, sustainable dividend supplemented by additional returns of capital, including share repurchases.
57 percent of our net cash provided by operating activities.
since we initiated our current share repurchase program in late 2016, we have repurchased
as of december 31, 2020, $14.5 billion of repurchase authority remained of the $25 billion share repurchase program our board of directors had authorized.
at prevailing prices, subject to market conditions and other factors.
see "item 1a-risk factors our ability to declare and pay dividends and repurchase shares is subject to certain considerations."
in february 2021, we resumed share repurchases after the completion of our concho acquisition.
safety and environmental stewardship, including the operating integrity of our assets, remain our highest priorities, and we are committed to protecting the health and safety of everyone who has a role in our operations and the communities in which we operate.
we strive to conduct our business with respect and care for both the local and global environment and systematically manage risk to drive sustainable business growth.
demonstrating our commitment to sustainability and environmental stewardship, in october 2020, we announced our adoption of a paris-
this comprehensive climate risk strategy should enable us to sustainably meet global energy demand while delivering competitive returns through the energy transition.
we have set a target to reduce our gross operated (scope 1 and 2) emissions intensity by 35 to 45 percent from 2016 levels by 2030, with an ambition to achieve net zero by 2050 for operated emissions.
we are advocating for reduction of scope 3 end-use emissions intensity through our support for a u.s. carbon price and reaffirmed our commitment to the climate leadership council.
we have joined the world bank flaring initiative to work towards zero routine flaring of gas by 2030
o purchases of increased interests in existing fields and acquisitions.
o successful exploration, exploitation and development of new and existing fields.
as required by current authoritative guidelines, the estimated future date when an asset will reach the end of its economic life is based on historical 12-month first-of-month average prices and current costs.
access to additional resources may become increasingly difficult as commodity prices can make projects uneconomic or unattractive.
in addition, prohibition of direct investment in some nations, national fiscal terms, political instability, competition from national oil companies, and lack of access to high-potential areas due to environmental or other regulation may negatively impact our ability to increase our reserve base.
apply technical capability.
technical strength is part of our heritage and allows us to economically convert additional resources to reserves, achieve greater operating efficiencies and reduce our environmental impact.
we have embraced the digital transformation and are using digital innovations to work and operate more efficiently.
artificial intelligence, machine learning and deep learning are being used for emissions monitoring, seismic advancements and advanced controls in our field operations.
we strive to attract, develop and retain individuals with the knowledge and skills to successfully execute our business strategy in a manner exemplifying our core values and ethics.
we offer university internships across multiple disciplines to attract the best early career talent.
we also recruit experienced hires to fill critical skills and maintain a broad range of expertise and experience.
other factors affecting profitability other significant factors that can affect our profitability include:
energy commodity prices.
our earnings and operating cash flows generally correlate with industry price levels for crude oil and natural gas.
industry price levels are subject to factors external to the company and over which we have no control, including but not limited to global economic health, supply disruptions or fears thereof caused by civil unrest or military conflicts, actions taken by opec and other producing countries, environmental laws, tax regulations, governmental policies and weather-related disruptions.
brent crude oil prices averaged $41.68 per barrel in 2020, a decrease of 35 percent compared with
our realized bitumen price decreased 75 percent from an average of $31.72 per barrel in 2019 to $8.02
the wcs differential to wti at hardisty remained fairly flat as curtailment orders imposed by the alberta government, which limited production from the province, continued throughout 2020.
we continue to optimize bitumen price realizations through improvements in alternate blend capability which results in lower diluent costs and access to the u.s.
per boe in 2020 primarily due to lower realized oil, natural gas and bitumen prices.
north america's energy supply landscape has been transformed from one of resource scarcity to one of abundance.
and long-term growth opportunities for our company, the increased abundance of crude oil and natural gas due to development of unconventional plays could also have adverse financial implications to us, including: an extended period of low commodity prices; production curtailments;
should one or more of these events occur, our revenues would be reduced, and additional asset impairments might be possible.
we participate in a capital-intensive industry.
at times, our pp&e and investments become impaired when, for example, commodity prices decline significantly for long periods of time, our reserve estimates are revised downward, or a decision to dispose of an asset leads to a write-down to its fair value.
as we optimize our assets in the future, it is reasonably possible we may incur future losses upon sale or impairment charges to long-lived assets used in operations, investments in nonconsolidated entities accounted for under the equity method, and unproved properties.
for additional information on our impairments, see note 7-suspended wells and exploration expenses and note 8-impairments, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
our operations are in countries with different tax rates and fiscal structures.
accordingly, even in a stable commodity price and fiscal/regulatory environment, our overall effective tax rate can vary significantly between periods based on the "mix" of before-tax earnings within our global operations.
our operations can be affected by changing economic, regulatory and political environments in the various countries in which we operate, including the u.s.
civil unrest or strained relationships with governments may impact our operations or investments.
our management carefully considers the fiscal and regulatory environment when evaluating projects or determining the levels and locations of our activity.
outlook production and capital in february 2021, we announced 2021 operating plan capital for the combined company of $5.5
the plan includes $5.1 billion to sustain current production and $0.4 billion for investment in major projects, primarily in alaska, in addition to ongoing exploration appraisal activity.
the operating plan capital budget of $5.5 billion is expected to deliver production from the combined company of approximately 1.5 mmboed in 2021.
restructuring as a result of the acquisition of concho, we commenced a restructuring program in the first quarter of 2021 in association with combining the operations of the two companies.
we expect to incur significant non-recurring transaction and acquisition-related costs in
2021 for employee severance payments; incremental pension benefit costs related to the workforce reductions; employee retention costs; employee relocations; fees paid to financial, legal, and accounting advisors; and filing fees.
we currently cannot estimate these costs, as well as other unanticipated items, and expect to recognize the majority of these expenses in the first quarter of 2021.
corporate and other represents income and costs not directly associated with an operating segment, such as most interest expense, premiums incurred on the early retirement of debt, corporate overhead, certain technology activities, as well as licensing revenues.
our key performance indicators, shown in the statistical tables provided at the beginning of the operating segment sections that follow, reflect results from our operations, including commodity prices and production.
results of operations effective with the third quarter of 2020, we have restructured our segments to align with changes to our internal organization.
we have revised segment information disclosures and segment performance metrics presented within our results of operations for the current and prior years.
"management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in exhibit
, item 7 filed with our form 8-k filed on november 16,
lower realized commodity prices.
lower sales volumes due to normal field decline, asset dispositions and production curtailments.
for additional information related to dispositions, see note 4-asset acquisitions and dispositions in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
the absence of a $2.1 billion after-tax gain associated with the completion of the sale of two conocophillips u.k. subsidiaries.
for additional information, see note 4-asset acquisitions and dispositions in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
a $648 million after-tax impairment for the associated carrying value of capitalized undeveloped leasehold costs and an equity method investment related to our alaska north slope gas asset.
for additional information, see note 7-suspended wells and exploration expenses, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
increased impairments primarily related to developed properties in our non-core assets which were written down to fair value due to lower commodity prices and development plan changes.
for additional information, see note 8-impairments and note 14-fair value measurement in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
the absence of other income of $317 million after-tax related to our settlement agreement with pdvsa.
and australia-west divestitures and decreased wellwork and transportation costs resulting from production curtailments across our north american operated assets.
a $597 million after-tax gain on dispositions related to our australia-west divestiture.
lower dd&a expenses, primarily due to lower volumes related to normal field decline and production curtailments as well as impacts of our australia-west and u.k. divestitures.
sales and other operating revenues decreased 42 percent in 2020, mainly due to lower realized commodity prices and lower sales volumes.
sales volumes decreased due to normal field decline, production curtailments from our north american operated assets and the divestiture of our u.k. assets in the third quarter of 2019 and our australia-west assets in the second quarter of 2020.
equity in earnings of affiliates decreased $347 million in 2020, primarily due to lower earnings from qg3 and aplng because of lower lng prices.
partly offsetting this decrease was the absence of impairments related to equity method investments in our lower 48 segment of $155 million and the absence of a $118 million deferred tax adjustment at qg3, reported in our europe, middle east and north africa segment.
gain on dispositions decreased $1.4 billion in
2020, primarily due to the absence of a $1.7 billion before-tax gain associated with the completion of the sale of two conocophillips u.k. subsidiaries.
partly offsetting the decrease was a $587 million before-tax gain associated with our australia-west divestiture.
for more information related to these dispositions, see note
4-asset acquisitions and dispositions in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
additionally, other income (loss) decreased due to the absence of $325 million before-
tax related to our settlement agreement with pdvsa.
for discussion of our pdvsa settlement, see note 12-contingencies and commitments in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
purchased commodities decreased 32 percent in
and the divestiture of our u.k. assets in the third quarter of
million in 2020, primarily due to reduced activities and transportation costs associated with lower activity across our north american operated assets in response to the low commodity price environment and the absence of costs related to our u.k. and australia-west divestitures.
$126 million in 2020, primarily due to lower costs associated with compensation and benefits, including mark to market impacts of certain key employee compensation programs.
exploration expenses increased $714 million in 2020, primarily due to an $828 million before-tax impairment for the entire carrying value of capitalized undeveloped leasehold costs related to our alaska north slope gas asset.
partly offsetting this increase, was the absence of a $141 million before-tax leasehold impairment expense due to our decision to discontinue exploration activities in the central louisiana austin chalk trend.
for additional information, see note 7-suspended wells and exploration expenses, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
2020, primarily related to developed properties in our non-core assets which were written down to fair value due to lower commodity prices and development plan changes.
for additional information, see note 8-impairments and note 14-fair value measurement in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
taxes other than income taxes decreased $199 million in 2020, primarily due to lower commodity prices and volumes.
for additional information, see note
see note 18-income taxes, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for information regarding our income tax provision (benefit) and effective tax rate.
equity affiliates
equity affiliates
bitumen (mbd)
equity affiliates
dollars per unit average sales prices crude oil (per bbl)
equity affiliates
equity affiliates
bitumen (per bbl)
equity affiliates
we explore for, produce, transport and market crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng and ngls on a worldwide basis.
percent in 2020 compared with 2019, primarily due to:
the divestiture of our u.k. assets in the third quarter of 2019 and our australia-west assets in the second quarter of 2020.
adjusting for estimated curtailments of approximately 80 mboed and closed acquisitions and dispositions, production for 2020 would have been
1,176 mboed, a decrease of 15 mboed compared with 2019.
production from libya averaged 9 mboed as it was in force majeure during a significant portion of the year.
2020, compared with earnings of $1,520 million in 2019.
a $648 million after-tax impairment associated with the carrying value of our alaska north slope gas assets.
for additional information, see note 7-suspended wells and exploration expenses, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
earnings were positively impacted by:
lower production and operating expenses, primarily associated with lower transportation and terminaling costs as well as lower activities across our assets.
production average production decreased 20 mboed in 2020 compared with 2019, primarily due to:
net income (loss) attributable to conocophillips lower 48 reported a loss of $1,122 million in 2020, compared with earnings of $436 million in 2019.
higher impairments, primarily related to developed properties in our non-core assets which were written down to fair value due to lower commodity prices and development plan changes.
8-impairments and note 14-fair value measurement, for additional information.
earnings were positively impacted by:
lower exploration expenses, primarily due to the absence of a combined $197 million after-tax of leasehold impairment and dry hole costs associated with our decision to discontinue exploration activities in the central louisiana austin chalk.
lower production and operating expenses, primarily due to lower activities driven by production curtailments in response to the low price environment and disposition impacts.
production total average production decreased 66 mboed in 2020 compared with 2019, primarily due to:
bitumen (mbd)
bitumen ($ per bbl)
**average prices for sales of bitumen produced excludes additional value realized from the purchase and sale of third-party volumes for optimization of our pipeline capacity between canada and the u.s. gulf coast.
our canadian operations consist of the surmont oil sands development in alberta and the liquids-rich montney unconventional play in british columbia.
net income (loss) attributable to conocophillips canada operations reported a loss of $326 million in 2020 compared with earnings of $279 million in 2019.
lower realized bitumen prices.
lower bitumen sales due to production curtailments at surmont.
earnings were positively impacted by:
increased montney production from pad 1 & 2 wells online and partial year production from the kelt acquisition completed in august of 2020.
production total average production increased 7 mboed in 2020 compared with 2019.
increased liquids and natural gas production from montney pad 1 & 2 wells online and partial year production from the kelt acquisition completed in august of 2020.
lower bitumen production, primarily due to voluntary curtailments at surmont in response to the low price environment of 12 mboed.
*prior periods have been updated to reflect the middle east business unit moving from asia pacific to the europe, middle east and north africa segment.
see note 24-segment disclosures and related information in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
2020 compared with 2019.
the absence of a $2.1 billion after-tax gain associated with the completion of the sale of two conocophillips u.k. subsidiaries.
for additional information, see note 4-asset acquisitions and dispositions in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
lower equity in earnings of affiliates, primarily due to lower lng sales prices.
in the fourth quarter of 2020, the effective tax rate within our equity method investment in the europe, middle east and north africa segment increased.
consolidated production average consolidated production decreased 88 mboed in 2020, compared with 2019.
disposition in the third quarter of 2019.
*prior periods have been updated to reflect the middle east business unit moving from asia pacific to the europe, middle east and north africa segment.
see note 24-segment disclosures and related information in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
net income attributable to conocophillips asia pacific reported earnings of $962 million in 2020, compared with $1,483 million in
lower sales volumes, primarily from lower lng sales due to the australia-west divestiture; lower crude oil sales volumes in malaysia, primarily due to production curtailments; and lower crude oil sales volumes in china due to the expiration of the panyu production license.
for more information related to our australia-west divestiture, see note 4-asset acquisitions and dispositions in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
lower realized commodity prices.
lower equity in earnings of affiliates from aplng, mainly due to lower lng sales prices.
the absence of a $164 million income tax benefit related to deepwater incentive tax credits from the malaysia block g.
earnings were positively impacted by:
a $597 million after-tax gain on disposition related to our australia-west divestiture.
consolidated production average consolidated production decreased 28 percent in 2020, compared with 2019.
the divestiture of our australia-west assets.
development activity at bohai bay in china and gumusut in malaysia.
the other international segment includes exploration activities in colombia and argentina and contingencies associated with prior operations in other countries.
as a result of our completed concho acquisition on january 15, 2021, we refocused our exploration program and announced our intent to pursue a managed exit from certain areas.
million in 2020, compared with earnings of $263 million in 2019.
the absence of $317 million after-tax in other income from a settlement award with pdvsa associated with prior operations in venezuela.
for additional information related to this settlement award, see note 12-contingencies and commitments, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
increased exploration expenses, primarily due to dry hole costs and a full impairment of capitalized undeveloped leasehold costs in colombia.
net interest consists of interest and financing expense, net of interest income and capitalized interest.
net interest expense increased $58 million in 2020 compared with 2019, primarily due to lower interest income related to lower cash and cash equivalent balances and yield.
million in 2020 compared with 2019, primarily due to mark to market adjustments associated with certain compensation programs.
activities are focused on both conventional and tight oil reservoirs, shale gas, heavy oil, oil sands, enhanced oil recovery and lng.
earnings from technology decreased by $149 million in 2020 compared with 2019, primarily due to lower licensing revenues.
the category "other" includes certain foreign currency transaction gains and losses, environmental costs associated with sites no longer in operation, other costs not directly associated with an operating segment, premiums incurred on the early retirement of debt, unrealized holding gains or losses on equity securities, and pension settlement expense.
earnings in "other" decreased by $1,763 million in 2020 compared with 2019, primarily due to:
an unrealized loss of $855 million after-tax on our cve common shares in 2020, compared with a
the absence of a $151 million tax benefit related to the revaluation of deferred tax assets following finalization of rules related to the 2017 tax cuts and jobs act.
see note 18-income taxes, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for additional information related to the 2017 tax cuts and jobs act.
capital resources and liquidity financial indicators millions of dollars except as indicated
net cash provided by operating activities
total equity
percent of total debt to capital*
*capital includes total debt and total equity.
and long-term liquidity requirements, we look to a variety of funding sources, including cash generated from operating activities, proceeds from asset sales, our commercial paper and credit facility programs and our ability to sell securities using our shelf registration statement.
in 2020, the primary uses of our available cash were $4,715 million to support our ongoing capital expenditures and investments program;
we entered the year with a strong balance sheet including cash and cash equivalents of over $5 billion, short-
term investments of $3 billion, and an undrawn credit facility of $6 billion, totaling approximately
$14 billion in available liquidity.
this strong foundation allowed us to be measured in our response to the sudden change in business environment as we exited the first quarter of 2020.
in response to the oil market downturn that began in early 2020, we announced the following capital, share repurchase and operating cost reductions. we reduced our 2020 operating plan capital expenditures by a total of $2.3 billion, or approximately thirty-five percent of the original guidance.
considering the weakness in oil prices during the second quarter of 2020, we established a framework for evaluating and implementing economic curtailments, which resulted in taking an additional significant step of curtailing production, predominantly from operated north american assets.
due to our strong balance sheet, we were in an advantaged position to forgo some production and cash flow in anticipation of receiving higher cash flows for those volumes in the future.
based on our economic criteria, we began restoring production from voluntary curtailments in july, and with oil prices stabilizing around $40 per barrel, we ended our curtailment program by the end of the third quarter.
in the fourth quarter of 2020, we resumed share repurchases, repurchasing $0.2 billion of shares in october, before suspending our share repurchase program upon entry into a definitive agreement to acquire concho.
we resumed share repurchases in february 2021 after completion of our concho acquisition.
billion, and available borrowing capacity under our credit facility of $5.7 billion, totaling over $12 billion of liquidity.
we believe current cash balances and cash generated by operations, together with access to external sources of funds as described below in the "significant changes in capital" section, will be sufficient to meet our funding requirements in the near- and long-term, including our capital spending program, dividend payments and required debt payments.
significant changes in capital operating activities during 2020, cash provided by operating activities was $4,802 million, a 57 percent decrease from 2019.
the decrease was primarily due to lower realized commodity prices, normal field decline, production curtailments, the divestiture of our u.k.
and australia-west assets, and the absence in 2020 of collections under our settlement agreement with pdvsa, partially offset by lower production and operating expenses.
and long-term operating cash flows are highly dependent upon prices for crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng and ngls.
prices and margins in our industry have historically been volatile and are driven by market conditions over which we have no control.
absent other mitigating factors, as these prices and margins fluctuate, we would expect a corresponding change in our operating cash flows.
closed acquisitions and dispositions;
production in 2021 is expected to be approximately 1.5 mmboed, reflecting the impact from the concho acquisition.
the effects of price changes on production sharing and variable-royalty contracts; acquisition and disposition of fields; field production decline rates; new technologies; operating efficiencies; timing of startups and major turnarounds; political instability;
related disruptions; and the addition of proved reserves through exploratory success and their timely and cost-
while we actively manage these factors, production levels can cause variability in cash flows, although generally this variability has not been as significant as that caused by commodity prices.
for additional information about our 2021 capital budget, see the "2021 capital budget" section within
"capital resources and liquidity" and for additional information on proved reserves, including both developed and undeveloped reserves, see the "oil and gas operations" section of this report.
as discussed in the "critical accounting estimates"
section, engineering estimates of proved reserves are imprecise; therefore, each year reserves may be revised upward or downward due to the impact of changes in commodity prices or as more technical data becomes available on reservoirs.
it is not possible to reliably predict how revisions will impact reserve quantities in the future.
investing activities in 2020, we invested $4.7 billion in capital expenditures, of which $0.5 billion consisted of strategic acquisitions, including additional montney acreage.
capital expenditures invested in 2019 and 2018
for information about our capital expenditures and investments, see the
"capital expenditures and investments"
we invest in short-term investments as part of our cash investment strategy, the primary objective of which is to protect principal, maintain liquidity and provide yield and total returns;
these investments include time deposits, commercial paper as well as debt securities classified as available for sale.
funds for short-term needs to support our operating plan and provide resiliency to react to short-term price volatility are invested in highly liquid instruments with maturities within the year.
funds we consider available to maintain resiliency in longer term price downturns and to capture opportunities outside a given operating plan may be invested in instruments with maturities greater than one year.
for additional information, see note 1-accounting policies and note 13-derivative and financial instruments, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
investing activities in 2020 included net purchases of $658 million of investments, of which $420 million was invested in short-term instruments and $238 million was invested in long-term instruments.
investing activities in 2019 included net purchases of $2.9
for additional information, see note 13-derivative and financial instruments, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
we received cash proceeds of $765 million for the divestiture of our australia-west assets and operations, with another $200 million payment due upon final investment decision of the proposed barossa development project.
for additional information on our dispositions, see note 4-asset acquisitions and dispositions in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
financing activities we have a revolving credit facility totaling $6.0 billion, expiring in may 2023.
our revolving credit facility may be used for direct bank borrowings, the issuance of letters of credit totaling up to $500 million, or as support for our commercial paper program.
the revolving credit facility is broadly syndicated among financial institutions and does not contain any material adverse change provisions or any covenants requiring maintenance of specified financial ratios or credit ratings.
the facility agreement contains a cross-default provision relating to the failure to pay principal or interest on other debt obligations of
$200 million or more by conocophillips, or any of its consolidated subsidiaries.
the amount of the facility is not subject to the redetermination prior to its expiration date.
credit facility borrowings may bear interest at a margin above rates offered by certain designated banks in the london interbank market or at a margin above the overnight federal funds rate or prime rates offered by certain designated banks in the u.s.
the agreement calls for commitment fees on available, but unused, amounts.
the agreement also contains early termination rights if our current directors or their approved successors cease to be a majority of the board of directors.
the revolving credit facility supports the conocophillips company's ability to issue up to $6.0 billion of commercial paper, which is primarily a funding source for short-term working capital needs.
commercial paper maturities are generally limited to 90 days.
with $300 million of commercial paper outstanding and no direct borrowings or letters of credit, we had $5.7 billion in available borrowing capacity under the revolving credit facility at december 31, 2020.
we may consider issuing additional commercial paper in the future to supplement our cash position.
in october 2020, moody's affirmed its rating of our senior long-term debt of "a3"
with a "stable" outlook, and affirmed its rating of our short-term debt as "prime-2."
in january 2021, fitch affirmed its rating of our long-
term debt as "a" with a "stable" outlook and affirmed its rating of our short-term debt as "f1+."
'intermediate' based on a view of increasing risks from the energy transition, price volatility, and weaker profitability.
on february 11, 2021, s&p downgraded its rating of our long-term debt from "a" to "a-" with a
"stable" outlook and downgraded its rating of our short-term debt from "a-1" to "a-2."
we do not have any ratings triggers on any of our corporate debt that would cause an automatic default, and thereby impact our access to liquidity, upon downgrade of our credit ratings.
if our credit ratings are downgraded from their current levels, it could increase the cost of corporate debt available to us and restrict our access to the commercial paper markets.
if our credit rating were to deteriorate to a level prohibiting us from accessing the commercial paper market, we would still be able to access funds under our revolving credit facility.
many of these contracts and instruments permit us to post either cash or letters of credit as collateral.
at december 31, 2020 and 2019, we had direct bank letters of credit of $249 million and $277 million, respectively, which secured performance obligations related to various purchase commitments incident to the ordinary conduct of business.
in the event of credit ratings downgrades, we may be required to post additional letters of credit.
on january 15, 2021, we completed the acquisition of concho in an all-stock transaction. in the acquisition, we assumed concho's publicly traded debt.
credit ratings as a result of the debt exchange.
for additional information, see note 10-debt and note 25-acquisition of concho resources inc., in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
shelf registration we have a universal shelf registration statement on file with the sec under which we have the ability to issue and sell an indeterminate amount of various types of debt and equity securities.
guarantor summarized financial information we have various cross guarantees among conocophillips, conocophillips company and burlington resources llc, with respect to publicly held debt securities.
conocophillips and/or conocophillips company have fully and unconditionally guaranteed the payment obligations of burlington resources llc, with respect to its publicly held debt securities.
similarly, conocophillips has fully and unconditionally guaranteed the payment obligations of conocophillips company with respect to its publicly held debt securities.
in addition, conocophillips company has fully and unconditionally guaranteed the payment obligations of conocophillips with respect to its publicly held debt securities.
in march of 2020, the sec adopted amendments to simplify the financial disclosure requirements for guarantors and issuers of guaranteed securities registered under rule 3-10 of regulation s-x.
based on our evaluation of our existing guarantee relationships, we qualify for the transition to alternative disclosures.
we elected early voluntary compliance with the final amendments beginning in the third quarter of 2020.
accordingly, condensed consolidating information by guarantor and issuer of guaranteed securities will no longer be reported, and alternative disclosures of summarized financial information for the consolidated obligor group is presented.
the obligor group will reflect guarantors and issuers of guaranteed securities consisting of conocophillips, conocophillips company and burlington resources llc.
consolidating adjustments for elimination of investments in and transactions between the collective guarantors and issuers of guaranteed securities are reflected in the balances of the summarized financial information.
transactions and balances reflecting activity between the obligors and non-obligated subsidiaries are presented separately below:
current liabilities
noncurrent liabilities
capital requirements for information about our capital expenditures and investments, see the "capital expenditures and investments"
maturities of debt (including payments for finance leases) due in 2021 of $601 million, excluding net unamortized premiums and discounts, will be paid from current cash balances and cash generated by operations.
we believe in delivering value to our shareholders via a growing and sustainable dividend supplemented by additional returns of capital, including share repurchases.
in late 2016, we initiated our current share repurchase program, which has a current total program authorization of $25 billion of our common stock.
in the fourth quarter of 2020, we suspended share repurchases upon entry into a definitive agreement to acquire concho.
we resumed share repurchases in february 2021 after the completion of our concho acquisition.
repurchases are made at management's discretion, at prevailing prices, subject to market conditions and other factors.
our dividend and share repurchase programs are subject to numerous considerations, including market conditions, management discretion and other factors.
see "item 1a-risk factors
our ability to declare and pay dividends and repurchase shares is subject to certain considerations."
in addition to the requirements above, we have contractual obligations for the purchase of goods and services of approximately $8,123 million.
we expect to fulfill $2,805 million of these obligations in 2021. these figures exclude purchase commitments for jointly owned fields and facilities where we are not the operator.
purchase obligations of $5,237 million are related to agreements to access and utilize the capacity of third-
party equipment and facilities, including pipelines and lng product terminals, to transport, process, treat and store commodities.
purchase obligations of $2,290 million are related to market-based contracts for commodity product purchases with third parties.
the remainder is primarily our net share of purchase commitments for materials and services for jointly owned fields and facilities where we are the operator.
capital expenditures and investments millions of dollars
capital program
our capital expenditures and investments for the three-year period ended december 31,
the 2020 expenditures supported key exploration and developments, primarily:
appraisal and development activities in alaska related to the western north slope; development activities in the greater kuparuk area and the greater prudhoe area.
development and exploration activities across assets in norway.
appraisal activities in liquids-rich plays and optimization of oil sands development in canada.
continued development activities in china, malaysia, and indonesia.
exploration activities in argentina.
2021 capital budget in february 2021, we announced 2021 operating plan capital for the combined company of $5.5
the plan includes $5.1 billion to sustain current production and $0.4 billion for investment in major projects, primarily in alaska, in addition to ongoing exploration appraisal activity.
the operating plan capital budget of $5.5 billion is expected to deliver production from the combined company of approximately 1.5 mmboed in 2021.
contingencies a number of lawsuits involving a variety of claims arising in the ordinary course of business have been filed against conocophillips.
we also may be required to remove or mitigate the effects on the environment of the placement, storage, disposal or release of certain chemical, mineral and petroleum substances at various active and inactive sites.
we regularly assess the need for accounting recognition or disclosure of these contingencies.
liability when the loss is probable and the amount is reasonably estimable.
if a range of amounts can be reasonably estimated and no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other amount, then the low end of the range is accrued.
we do not reduce these liabilities for potential insurance or third-party recoveries.
with respect to income tax-related contingencies, we use a cumulative probability-weighted loss accrual in cases where sustaining a tax position is less than certain.
based on currently available information, we believe it is remote that future costs related to known contingent liability exposures will exceed current accruals by an amount that would have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial statements.
"critical accounting estimates" and note 12-contingencies and commitments, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
legal and tax matters we are subject to various lawsuits and claims including but not limited to matters involving oil and gas royalty and severance tax payments, gas measurement and valuation methods, contract disputes, environmental damages, climate change, personal injury, and property damage.
our legal organization applies its knowledge, experience and professional judgment to the specific characteristics of our cases, employing a litigation management process to manage and monitor the legal proceedings against us.
our process facilitates the early evaluation and quantification of potential exposures in individual cases.
based on professional judgment and experience in using these litigation management tools and available information about current developments in all our cases, our legal organization regularly assesses the adequacy of current accruals and determines if adjustment of existing accruals, or establishment of new accruals, is required.
see note 18-income taxes, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for additional information about income tax-related contingencies.
u.s. federal comprehensive environmental response, compensation and liability act
(cercla or superfund), which imposes liability on generators, transporters and arrangers of hazardous substances at sites where hazardous substance releases have occurred or are threatening to occur.
u.s. federal oil pollution act of 1990 (opa90), under which owners and operators of onshore facilities and pipelines, lessees or permittees of an area in which an offshore facility is located, and owners and operators of vessels are liable for removal costs and damages that result from a discharge of oil into navigable waters of the u.s.
u.s. federal emergency planning and community right-to-know act (epcra), which requires facilities to report toxic chemical inventories with local emergency planning committees and response departments.
waters and impose liability for the cost of pollution cleanup resulting from operations, as well as potential liability for pollution damages.
these laws and their implementing regulations set limits on emissions and, in the case of discharges to water, establish water quality limits and establish standards and impose obligations for the remediation of releases of hazardous substances and hazardous wastes.
they also, in most cases, require permits in association with new or modified operations.
these permits can require an applicant to collect substantial information in connection with the application process, which can be expensive and time consuming.
in addition, there can be delays associated with notice and comment periods and the agency's processing of the application.
many of the delays associated with the permitting process are beyond the control of the applicant.
many states and foreign countries where we operate also have, or are developing, similar environmental laws and regulations governing these same types of activities.
while similar, in some cases these regulations may impose additional, or more stringent, requirements that can add to the cost and difficulty of marketing or transporting products across state and international borders.
the ultimate financial impact arising from environmental laws and regulations is neither clearly known nor easily determinable as new standards, such as air emission standards and water quality standards, continue to evolve.
an example is the use of hydraulic fracturing, an essential completion technique that facilitates production of oil and natural gas otherwise trapped in lower permeability rock formations.
a range of local, state, federal or national laws and regulations currently govern hydraulic fracturing operations, with hydraulic fracturing currently prohibited in some jurisdictions.
although hydraulic fracturing has been conducted for many decades, a number of new laws, regulations and permitting requirements are under consideration by various state environmental agencies, and others which could result in increased costs, operating restrictions, operational delays and/or limit the ability to develop oil and natural gas resources.
governmental restrictions on hydraulic fracturing could impact the overall profitability or viability of certain of our oil and natural gas investments.
we also are subject to certain laws and regulations relating to environmental remediation obligations associated with current and past operations.
longer-term expenditures are subject to considerable uncertainty and may fluctuate significantly.
we occasionally receive requests for information or notices of potential liability from the epa and state environmental agencies alleging we are a potentially responsible party under cercla or an equivalent state statute.
on occasion, we also have been made a party to cost recovery litigation by those agencies or by private parties.
these requests, notices and lawsuits assert potential liability for remediation costs at various sites that typically are not owned by us, but allegedly contain wastes attributable to our past operations.
as of december 31, 2020, there were 15 sites around the u.s. in which we were identified as a potentially responsible party under cercla and comparable state laws.
for most superfund sites, our potential liability will be significantly less than the total site remediation costs because the percentage of waste attributable to us, versus that attributable to all other potentially responsible parties, is relatively low.
although liability of those potentially responsible is generally joint and several for federal sites and frequently so for state sites, other potentially responsible parties at sites where we are a party typically have had the financial strength to meet their obligations, and where they have not, or where potentially responsible parties could not be located, our share of liability has not increased materially.
many of the sites at which we are potentially responsible are still under investigation by the epa or the state agencies concerned.
prior to actual cleanup, those potentially responsible normally assess site conditions, apportion responsibility and determine the appropriate remediation.
in some instances, we may have no liability or attain a settlement of liability.
there are relatively few sites where we are a major participant, and given the timing and amounts of anticipated expenditures, neither the cost of remediation at those sites nor such costs at all cercla sites, in the aggregate, is expected to have a material adverse effect on our competitive or financial condition.
capitalized environmental costs were $161 million in 2020 and are expected to be about
accrued liabilities for remediation activities are not reduced for potential recoveries from insurers or other third parties and are not discounted (except those assumed in a purchase business combination, which we do record on a discounted basis).
many of these liabilities result from cercla, rcra and similar state or international laws that require us to undertake certain investigative and remedial activities at sites where we conduct, or once conducted, operations or at sites where conocophillips-generated waste was disposed.
the accrual also includes a number of sites we identified that may require environmental remediation, but which are not currently the subject of cercla, rcra or other agency enforcement activities.
the laws that require or address environmental remediation may apply retroactively and regardless of fault, the legality of the original activities or the current ownership or control of sites.
remediation activities vary substantially in duration and cost from site to site, depending on the mix of unique site characteristics, evolving remediation technologies, diverse regulatory agencies and enforcement policies, and the presence or absence of potentially liable third parties.
therefore, it is difficult to develop reasonable estimates of future site remediation costs.
$180 million, compared with $171 million at december 31,
2019, for remediation activities in the u.s. and canada.
we expect to incur a substantial amount of these expenditures within the next 30 years.
notwithstanding any of the foregoing, and as with other companies engaged in similar businesses, environmental costs and liabilities are inherent concerns in our operations and products, and there can be no assurance that material costs and liabilities will not be incurred.
however, we currently do not expect any material adverse effect upon our results of operations or financial position as a result of compliance with current environmental laws and regulations.
climate change continuing political and social attention to the issue of global climate change has resulted in a broad range of proposed or promulgated state, national and international laws focusing on ghg reduction.
laws in this field continue to evolve, and while it is not possible to accurately estimate either a timetable for implementation or our future compliance costs relating to implementation, such laws, if enacted, could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial condition.
our cost of compliance with the eu ets in
the alberta technology innovation and emissions reduction (tier) regulation requires any existing facility with emissions equal to or greater than 100,000
metric tonnes of carbon dioxide, or equivalent, per year to meet a facility benchmark intensity.
549 u.s. 497, 127 s.ct. 1438 (2007), confirmed that the epa has the authority to regulate carbon dioxide as an "air pollutant"
the u.s. epa's announcement on march 29, 2010 (published as "interpretation of regulations that determine pollutants covered by clean air act permitting programs," 75 fed. reg. 17004 (april
the u.s. epa's announcement on january 14, 2015, outlining a series of steps it plans to take to address methane and smog-forming volatile organic compound emissions from the oil and gas industry.
our cost of compliance with norwegian carbon tax legislation in 2020 was approximately $29 million (net share before-tax).
we also incur a carbon tax for emissions from fossil fuel combustion in our british columbia and alberta operations in canada, totaling approximately $3.5 million (net share before-tax).
st conference of the parties to the united nations framework convention on climate change, setting out a process for achieving global emission reductions.
the new administration has recommitted the united states to the paris agreement, and a significant number of u.s. state and local governments and major corporations headquartered in the u.s. have also announced related commitments.
in the u.s., some additional form of regulation may be forthcoming in the future at the federal and state levels with respect to ghg emissions.
such regulation could take any of several forms that may result in the creation of additional costs in the form of taxes, the restriction of output, investments of capital to maintain compliance with laws and regulations, or required acquisition or trading of emission allowances.
compliance with changes in laws and regulations that create a ghg tax, emission trading scheme or ghg reduction policies could significantly increase our costs, reduce demand for fossil energy derived products, impact the cost and availability of capital and increase our exposure to litigation.
the ultimate impact on our financial performance, either positive or negative, will depend on a number of factors, including but not limited to:
the price placed on ghg emissions (either by the market or through a tax).
the price and availability of offsets.
climate change litigation beginning in 2017, governmental and other entities in several states in the u.s. have filed lawsuits against oil and gas companies, including conocophillips, seeking compensatory damages and equitable relief to abate alleged climate change impacts.
additional lawsuits with similar allegations are expected to be filed.
conocophillips believes these lawsuits are factually and legally meritless and are an inappropriate vehicle to address the challenges associated with climate change and will vigorously defend against such lawsuits.
several louisiana parishes and the state of louisiana have filed 43 lawsuits under louisiana's state and local coastal resources management act (slcrma)
conocophillips entities are defendants in 22 of the lawsuits and will vigorously defend against them.
we have developed a company-wide climate change action plan with the goal of tracking mitigation activities for each climate-related risk included in the corporate sustainable development risk register.
gross operated scope 1 and scope 2 ghg emissions help us understand our climate transition risk.
scope 2 emissions are ghg emissions from the generation of purchased electricity or steam that we consume.
scope 3 emissions are indirect emissions from sources that we neither own nor control.
we announced in october 2020 the adoption of a paris-aligned climate risk framework with the objective of implementing a coherent set of choices designed to facilitate the success of our existing exploration and production business through the energy transition.
given the uncertainties remaining about how the energy transition will evolve, the strategy aims to be robust across a range of potential future outcomes.
our target framework consists of a hierarchy of targets, from a long-term ambition that sets the direction and aim of the strategy, to a medium-term performance target for ghg emissions intensity, to shorter-term targets for flaring and methane intensity reductions. these performance targets are supported by lower-level internal business unit goals to enable the company to achieve the company-wide targets.
we have set a target to reduce our gross operated (scope 1 and 2) emissions intensity by 35 to 45 percent from 2016 levels by
2030, with an ambition to achieve net-zero operated emissions by 2050.
we have joined the world bank flaring initiative to work towards zero routine flaring of gas by 2030.
we expanded our marginal abatement cost curve process to provide a broader range of opportunities for emission reduction technology.
projects in jurisdictions with existing ghg pricing regimes incorporate the existing ghg price and forecast into their economics.
the company does not use an estimated market cost of ghg emissions when assessing reserves in jurisdictions without existing ghg regulations.
external engagement: our external engagement aims to differentiate conocophillips within the oil and gas sector with our approach to managing climate-related risk.
we are a founding member of the climate leadership council (clc), an international policy institute founded in collaboration with business and environmental interests to develop a carbon dividend plan.
participation in the clc provides another opportunity for ongoing dialogue about carbon pricing and framing the issues in alignment with our public policy principles.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap requires management to select appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses.
certain of these accounting policies involve judgments and uncertainties to such an extent there is a reasonable likelihood materially different amounts would have been reported under different conditions, or if different assumptions had been used.
these critical accounting estimates are discussed with the audit and finance committee of the board of directors at least annually.
we believe the following discussions of critical accounting estimates, along with the discussion of deferred tax asset valuation allowances in this report, address all important accounting areas where the nature of accounting estimates or assumptions is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change.
oil and gas accounting accounting for oil and gas exploratory activity is subject to special accounting rules unique to the oil and gas industry.
the acquisition of g&g seismic information, prior to the discovery of proved reserves, is expensed as incurred, similar to accounting for research and development costs.
however, leasehold acquisition costs and exploratory well costs are capitalized on the balance sheet pending determination of whether proved oil
property acquisition costs for individually significant leaseholds, management periodically assesses for impairment based on exploration and drilling efforts to date.
for relatively small individual leasehold acquisition costs, management exercises judgment and determines a percentage probability that the prospect ultimately will fail to find proved oil and gas reserves and pools that leasehold information with others in the geographic area.
for prospects in areas with limited, or no, previous exploratory drilling, the percentage probability of ultimate failure is normally judged to be quite high.
this judgmental percentage is multiplied by the leasehold acquisition cost, and that product is divided by the contractual period of the leasehold to determine a periodic leasehold impairment charge that is reported in exploration expense.
this judgmental probability percentage is reassessed and adjusted throughout the contractual period of the leasehold based on favorable or unfavorable exploratory activity on the leasehold or on adjacent leaseholds, and leasehold impairment amortization expense is adjusted prospectively.
at year-end 2020, the remaining $2.4 billion of net capitalized unproved property costs consisted primarily of individually significant leaseholds, mineral rights held in perpetuity by title ownership, exploratory wells currently being drilled, suspended exploratory wells, and capitalized interest.
$1.9 billion is concentrated in 10 major development areas, the majority of which are not expected to move to proved properties in 2021.
exploratory costs for exploratory wells, drilling costs are temporarily capitalized, or "suspended," on the balance sheet, pending a determination of whether potentially economic oil and gas reserves have been discovered by the drilling effort to justify development.
if exploratory wells encounter potentially economic quantities of oil and gas, the well costs remain capitalized on the balance sheet as long as sufficient progress assessing the reserves and the economic and operating viability of the project is being made.
the accounting notion of "sufficient progress" is a judgmental area, but the accounting rules do prohibit continued capitalization of suspended well costs on the expectation future market conditions will improve or new technologies will be found that would make the development economically profitable.
often, the ability to move into the development phase and record proved reserves is dependent on obtaining permits and government or co-venturer approvals, the timing of which is ultimately beyond our control.
exploratory well costs remain suspended as long as we are actively pursuing such approvals and permits, and believe they will be obtained.
once all required approvals and permits have been obtained, the projects are moved into the development phase, and the oil and gas reserves are designated as proved reserves.
for complex exploratory discoveries, it is not unusual to have exploratory wells remain suspended on the balance sheet for several years while we perform additional appraisal drilling and seismic work on the potential oil and gas field or while we seek government or co-venturer approval of development plans or seek environmental permitting.
once a determination is made the well did not encounter potentially economic oil and gas quantities, the well costs are expensed as a dry hole and reported in exploration expense.
management reviews suspended well balances quarterly, continuously monitors the results of the additional appraisal drilling and seismic work, and expenses the suspended well costs as a dry hole when it determines the potential field does not warrant further investment in the near term.
criteria utilized in making this determination include evaluation of the reservoir characteristics and hydrocarbon properties, expected development costs, ability to apply existing technology to produce the reserves, fiscal terms, regulations or contract negotiations, and our expected return on investment.
at year-end 2020, total suspended well costs were $682 million, compared with $1,020 million at year-end
for additional information on suspended wells, including an aging analysis, see note 7-suspended wells and exploration expenses, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
proved reserves engineering estimates of the quantities of proved reserves are inherently imprecise and represent only approximate amounts because of the judgments involved in developing such information.
reserve estimates are based on geological and engineering assessments of in-place hydrocarbon volumes, the production plan, historical extraction recovery and processing yield factors, installed plant operating capacity and approved operating limits.
the reliability of these estimates at any point in time depends on both the quality and quantity of the technical and economic data and the efficiency of extracting and processing the hydrocarbons.
despite the inherent imprecision in these engineering estimates, accounting rules require disclosure of
there are several authoritative guidelines regarding the engineering criteria that must be met before estimated reserves can be designated as "proved."
our geosciences and reservoir engineering organization has policies and procedures in place consistent with these authoritative guidelines.
we have trained and experienced internal engineering personnel who estimate our proved reserves held by consolidated companies, as well as our share of equity affiliates.
also, as required by current authoritative guidelines, the estimated future date when an asset will reach the end of its economic life is based on 12-month average prices and current costs.
our proved reserves include estimated quantities related to pscs, reported under the "economic interest"
method, as well as variable-royalty regimes, and are subject to fluctuations in commodity prices; recoverable operating expenses; and capital costs.
if costs remain stable, reserve quantities attributable to recovery of costs will change inversely to changes in commodity prices.
the estimation of proved developed reserves also is important to the income statement because the proved developed reserve estimate for a field serves as the denominator in the unit-of-production calculation of the dd&a of the capitalized costs for that asset.
at year-end 2020, the net book value of productive pp&e subject to a unit-of-production calculation was approximately $33 billion and the dd&a recorded on these assets in 2020 was approximately $5.3 billion.
if the estimates of proved reserves used in the unit-of-production calculations had been lower by 10 percent across all calculations, before-tax dd&a in 2020
if there is an indication the carrying amount of an asset may not be recovered, a recoverability test is performed using management's assumptions for prices, volumes and future development plans.
if, upon review, the sum of the undiscounted cash flows before income-taxes is less than the carrying value of the asset group, the carrying value is written down to estimated fair value and reported as impairments in the periods in which the determination is made.
because there usually is a lack of quoted market prices for long-lived assets, the fair value of impaired assets is typically determined based on the present values of expected future cash flows using discount rates and prices believed to be consistent with those used by principal market participants, or based on a multiple of operating cash flow validated with historical market transactions of similar assets where possible.
the expected future cash flows used for impairment reviews and related fair value calculations are based on estimated future production volumes, commodity prices, operating
costs and capital decisions, considering all available information at the date of review.
see note 8-impairments, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for additional information.
investments in nonconsolidated entities accounted for under the equity method are assessed for impairment whenever changes in the facts and circumstances indicate a loss in value has occurred.
such evidence of a loss in value might include our inability to recover the carrying amount, the lack of sustained earnings capacity which would justify the current investment amount, or a current fair value less than the investment's carrying amount.
when such a condition is judgmentally determined to be other than temporary, an impairment charge is recognized for the difference between the investment's carrying value and its estimated fair value.
when determining whether a decline in value is other than temporary, management considers factors such as the length of time and extent of the decline, the investee's financial condition and near-term prospects, and our ability and intention to retain our investment for a period that will be sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in the market value of the investment.
since quoted market prices are usually not available, the fair value is typically based on the present value of expected future cash flows using discount rates and prices believed to be consistent with those used by principal market participants, plus market analysis of comparable assets owned by the investee, if appropriate.
see the "aplng" section of note 5-investments, loans and long-term receivables, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for additional information.
asset retirement obligations and environmental costs under various contracts, permits and regulations, we have material legal obligations to remove tangible equipment and restore the land or seabed at the end of operations at operational sites.
our largest asset removal obligations involve plugging and abandonment of wells, removal and disposal of offshore oil and gas platforms around the world, as well as oil and gas production facilities and pipelines in alaska.
the fair values of obligations for dismantling and removing these facilities are recorded as a liability and an increase to pp&e at the time of installation of the asset based on estimated discounted costs.
most of these removal obligations are many years, or decades, in the future and the contracts and regulations often have vague descriptions of what removal practices and criteria must be met when the removal event actually occurs.
the carrying value of our asset retirement obligation estimate is sensitive to inputs such as asset removal technologies and costs, regulatory and other compliance considerations, expenditure timing, and other inputs into valuation of the obligation, including discount and inflation rates, which are all subject to change between the time of initial recognition of the liability and future settlement of our obligation.
in addition to asset removal obligations, under the above or similar contracts, permits and regulations, we have certain environmental-related projects.
these are primarily related to remediation activities required by canada and various states within the u.s. at exploration and production sites.
future environmental remediation costs are difficult to estimate because they are subject to change due to such factors as the uncertain magnitude of cleanup costs, the unknown time and extent of such remedial actions that may be required, and the determination of our liability in proportion to that of other responsible parties.
asset retirement obligations and accrued environmental costs, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for additional information.
projected benefit obligations determination of the projected benefit obligations for our defined benefit pension and postretirement plans are important to the recorded amounts for such obligations on the balance sheet and to the amount of benefit expense in the income statement.
the actuarial determination of projected benefit obligations and company contribution requirements involves judgment about uncertain future events, including estimated retirement dates, salary levels at retirement, mortality rates, lump-sum election rates, rates of return on plan assets, future health care cost-trend rates, and rates of utilization of health care services by retirees.
due to the specialized nature of these calculations, we engage outside actuarial firms to assist in the determination of these projected benefit obligations and company contribution requirements.
for employee retirement income security act-
ultimately, we will be required to fund all vested benefits under pension and postretirement benefit plans not funded by plan assets or investment returns, but the judgmental assumptions used in the actuarial calculations significantly affect periodic financial statements and funding patterns over time.
projected benefit obligations are particularly sensitive to the discount rate assumption.
100 basis-point decrease in the discount rate assumption would increase projected benefit obligations by
benefit expense is sensitive to the discount rate and return on plan assets assumptions.
100 basis-point decrease in the discount rate assumption would increase annual benefit expense by
$110 million, while a 100 basis-point decrease in the return on plan assets assumption would increase annual benefit expense by $80 million.
in determining the discount rate, we use yields on high-quality fixed income investments matched to the estimated benefit cash flows of our plans.
we are also exposed to the possibility that lump sum retirement benefits taken from pension plans during the year could exceed the total of service and interest components of annual pension expense and trigger accelerated recognition of a portion of unrecognized net actuarial losses and gains.
these benefit payments are based on decisions by plan participants and are therefore difficult to predict.
in the event there is a significant reduction in the expected years of future service of present employees or the elimination of the accrual of defined benefits for some or all of their future services for a significant number of employees, we could recognize a curtailment gain or loss.
see note 17-employee benefit plans, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for additional information.
contingencies a number of claims and lawsuits are made against the company arising in the ordinary course of business.
management exercises judgment related to accounting and disclosure of these claims which includes losses, damages, and underpayments associated with environmental remediation, tax, contracts, and other legal disputes.
as we learn new facts concerning contingencies, we reassess our position both with respect to amounts recognized and disclosed considering changes to the probability of additional losses and potential exposure.
however, actual losses can and do vary from estimates for a variety of reasons including legal, arbitration, or other third-party decisions; settlement discussions; evaluation of scope of damages;
expected timing of future actions; and proportion of liability shared with other responsible parties.
estimated future costs related to contingencies are subject to change as events evolve and as additional information becomes available during the administrative and litigation processes.
for additional information on contingent liabilities, see the "contingencies" section within "capital resources and liquidity" and note 12-contingencies and commitments, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
we record deferred tax assets and liabilities to account for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our financial statements and our tax returns.
we routinely assess our deferred tax assets and reduce such assets by a valuation allowance if we deem it is more likely than not that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax assets
in assessing the need for adjustments to existing valuation allowances, we consider all available positive and negative evidence. positive evidence includes reversals of temporary differences, forecasts of future taxable income, assessment of future business assumptions and applicable tax planning strategies that are prudent and feasible. negative evidence includes losses in recent years as well as the forecasts of future net income (loss) in the realizable period. in making our assessment regarding valuation allowances, we weight the evidence based on objectivity.
numerous judgments and assumptions are inherent in the determination of future taxable income, including factors such as future operating conditions and the assessment of the effects of foreign taxes on our u.s. federal income taxes (particularly as related to prevailing oil and gas prices).
see note 18-income taxes for additional information, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
we regularly assess and, if required, establish accruals for uncertain tax positions that could result from assessments of additional tax by taxing jurisdictions in countries where we operate.
we recognize a tax benefit from an uncertain tax position when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, based on the technical merits of the position.
these accruals for uncertain tax positions are subject to a significant amount of judgment and are reviewed and adjusted on a periodic basis in light of changing facts and circumstances considering the progress of ongoing tax audits, court proceedings, changes in applicable tax laws, including tax case rulings and legislative guidance, or expiration of the applicable statute of limitations.
see note 18-income taxes for additional information, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995
this report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of
1933 and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934.
all statements other than statements of historical fact included or incorporated by reference in this report, including, without limitation, statements regarding our future financial position, business strategy, budgets, projected revenues, projected costs and plans, objectives of management for future operations, the anticipated benefits of the transaction between us and concho, the anticipated impact of the transaction on the combined company's business and future financial and operating results, the expected amount and the timing of synergies from the transaction are forward-looking statements.
examples of forward-looking statements contained in this report include our expected production growth and outlook on the business environment generally, our expected capital budget and capital expenditures, and discussions concerning future dividends.
we caution you these statements are not guarantees of future performance as they involve assumptions that, while made in good faith, may prove to be incorrect, and involve risks and uncertainties we cannot predict.
in addition, we based many of these forward-
any differences could result from a variety of factors and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the following:
global and regional changes in the demand, supply, prices, differentials or other market conditions affecting oil and gas, including changes resulting from a public health crisis or from the imposition or lifting of crude oil production quotas or other actions that might be imposed by opec and other producing countries and the resulting company or third-party actions in response to such changes.
fluctuations in crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng and ngls prices, including a prolonged decline in these prices relative to historical or future expected levels.
the impact of significant declines in prices for crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng and ngls, which may result in recognition of impairment charges on our long-lived assets, leaseholds and nonconsolidated equity investments.
reductions in reserves replacement rates, whether as a result of the significant declines in commodity prices or otherwise.
unsuccessful exploratory drilling activities or the inability to obtain access to exploratory acreage.
unexpected changes in costs or technical requirements for constructing, modifying or operating e&p facilities.
legislative and regulatory initiatives addressing environmental concerns, including initiatives addressing the impact of global climate change or further regulating hydraulic fracturing, methane emissions, flaring or water disposal.
lack of, or disruptions in, adequate and reliable transportation for our crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng and ngls.
inability to timely obtain or maintain permits, including those necessary for construction, drilling and/or development, or inability to make capital expenditures required to maintain compliance with any necessary permits or applicable laws or regulations.
failure to complete definitive agreements and feasibility studies for, and to complete construction of,
potential disruption or interruption of our operations due to accidents, extraordinary weather events, civil unrest, political events, war, terrorism, cyber attacks, and information technology failures, constraints or disruptions.
changes in international monetary conditions and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.
changes in international trade relationships, including the imposition of trade restrictions or tariffs relating to crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng, ngls and any materials or products (such as aluminum and steel) used in the operation of our business.
liability for remedial actions, including removal and reclamation obligations, under existing and future environmental regulations and litigation.
significant operational or investment changes imposed by existing or future environmental statutes and regulations, including international agreements and national or regional legislation and regulatory measures to limit or reduce ghg emissions.
liability resulting from litigation, including the potential for litigation related to the transaction with concho, or our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations.
general domestic and international economic and political developments, including armed hostilities;
expropriation of assets; changes in governmental policies relating to crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng and ngls pricing;
regulation or taxation; and other political, economic or diplomatic developments.
volatility in the commodity futures markets.
competition and consolidation in the oil and gas e&p industry.
any limitations on our access to capital or increase in our cost of capital, including as a result of illiquidity or uncertainty in domestic or international financial markets or investment sentiment.
our inability to execute, or delays in the completion, of any asset dispositions or acquisitions we elect to pursue.
potential failure to obtain, or delays in obtaining, any necessary regulatory approvals for pending or future asset dispositions or acquisitions, or that such approvals may require modification to the terms of the transactions or the operation of our remaining business.
potential disruption of our operations as a result of pending or future asset dispositions or acquisitions, including the diversion of management time and attention.
our inability to deploy the net proceeds from any asset dispositions that are pending or that we elect to undertake in the future in the manner and timeframe we currently anticipate, if at all.
our inability to liquidate the common stock issued to us by cenovus energy as part of our sale of certain assets in western canada at prices we deem acceptable, or at all.
the ability of our customers and other contractual counterparties to satisfy their obligations to us, including our ability to collect payments when due from the government of venezuela or pdvsa.
our inability to realize anticipated cost savings and capital expenditure reductions.
the inadequacy of storage capacity for our products, and ensuing curtailments, whether voluntary or involuntary, required to mitigate this physical constraint.
our ability to successfully integrate concho's business.
the risk that the expected benefits and cost reductions associated with the transaction with concho may not be fully achieved in a timely manner, or at all.
unanticipated difficulties or expenditures relating to integration with concho.
the factors generally described in item 1a-risk factors in this 2020 annual report on form 10-k and any additional risks described in our other filings with the sec.
  item 7a.                                                                                                       
quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk