item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations                  58
executive overview                                                                                     58
financial results of operations                                                                        60
significant 2020 transactions and recent developments                                                  63
exelon's strategy and outlook other key business drivers and management strategies critical accounting policies and estimates                                                             69
atlantic city electric company                                                                        106
liquidity and capital resources                                                                       108
item 7a.       quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk                                            127
atlantic city electric company                                                                        149
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations exelon executive overview exelon is a utility services holding company engaged in the generation, delivery, and marketing of energy through generation and the energy distribution and transmission businesses through comed, peco, bge, pepco, dpl, and ace.
exelon has eleven reportable segments consisting of generation's five reportable segments (mid-atlantic, midwest, new york, ercot, and other power regions), comed, peco, bge, pepco, dpl, and ace. see note 1 - significant accounting policies and note 5 - segment information of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding exelon's principal subsidiaries and reportable segments.
exelon's consolidated financial information includes the results of its eight separate operating subsidiary registrants, generation, comed, peco, bge, phi, pepco, dpl, and ace, which, along with exelon, are collectively referred to as the registrants. the following combined management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations summarizes results for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019, and is separately filed by exelon, generation, comed, peco, bge, phi, pepco, dpl, and ace. however, none of the registrants makes any representation as to information related solely to any of the other registrants. for discussion of the year ended december 31, 2019 compared to the year ended december 31, 2018, refer to item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in the 2019 form 10-k, which was filed with the sec on february 11, 2020.
covid-19. the registrants have taken steps to mitigate the potential risks posed by the global outbreak (pandemic) of covid-19. the registrants provide a critical service to our customers which means that it is paramount that we keep our employees who operate our businesses safe and minimize unnecessary risk of exposure to the virus. the registrants have taken extra precautions for our employees who work in the field and for employees who continue to work in our facilities. the registrants have implemented work from home policies where appropriate, and imposed travel limitations on their employees. in addition, the registrants have updated existing business continuity plans in the context of this pandemic.
the registrants continue to implement strong physical and cyber-security measures to ensure that our systems remain functional in order to both serve our operational needs with a remote workforce and keep them running to ensure uninterrupted service to our customers.
there were no changes in internal control over financial reporting in 2020 as a result of covid-19 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, any of the registrants' internal control over financial reporting. see item 9a. controls and procedures for additional information.
unfavorable economic conditions due to covid-19 have impacted the demand for electricity and natural gas at generation and the utility registrants, which has resulted in a decrease in operating revenues.
as a result of covid-19, generation temporarily suspended interruption of service for all retail residential customers for non-payment and temporarily ceased new late payment fees for all retail customers from march to may of 2020. starting in march of 2020, the utility registrants also temporarily suspended customer disconnections for non-payment and temporarily ceased new late payment fees for all customers and restored service to customers upon request who were disconnected in the last twelve months. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on such measures at the utility registrants. at generation, such measures resulted in an increase in credit loss expense. comed and ace recorded regulatory assets for the incremental credit loss expense based on existing mechanisms. bge, peco, pepco, and dpl also recorded regulatory assets for substantially all the incremental credit loss expense incurred in 2020. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
generation and the utility registrants have also incurred direct costs related to covid-19 consisting primarily of costs to acquire personal protective equipment, costs for cleaning supplies and services, and costs to hire healthcare professionals to monitor the health of their employees. at generation and peco, such costs are recorded as operating and maintenance expense and are excluded from adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings. at comed, bge, pepco, dpl, and ace, such costs are primarily recorded as regulatory assets. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
the estimated impact to generation's and the utility registrants' net income is approximately $170 million and $75 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, respectively.
to offset the unfavorable impacts from covid-19, the registrants identified approximately $250 million in cost savings across generation and the utility registrants in 2020. the cost savings achieved in 2020 were higher than originally anticipated.
the registrants rely on the capital markets for publicly offered debt as well as the commercial paper markets to meet their financial commitments and short-term liquidity needs. as a result of the disruptions in the commercial paper markets in march of 2020, generation borrowed $1.5 billion on its revolving credit facility to refinance commercial paper, which generation repaid on april 3, 2020. generation also entered into two short-term loan agreements in march of 2020 for an aggregate of $500 million. on april 8, 2020, generation received approximately $500 million in cash after entering into an accounts receivable financing arrangement. on april 24, 2020, exelon corporate entered into a credit agreement establishing a $550 million 364-day revolving credit facility to be used as an additional source of short-term liquidity. in addition, the registrants issued long-term debt of $5.3 billion and were able to successfully complete their planned long-term debt issuances in 2020. see liquidity and capital resources, note 17 - debt and credit agreements, and note 6 - accounts receivable of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
the registrants assessed long-lived assets, goodwill, and investments for recoverability and there were no material impairment charges recorded in 2020 as a result of covid-19. see note 12 - asset impairments for additional information related to other impairment assessments in the third quarter of 2020. certain assumptions are highly sensitive to changes. changes in significant assumptions could potentially result in future impairments, which could be material.
this is an evolving situation that could lead to extended disruption of economic activity in our markets. the registrants will continue to monitor developments affecting their workforce, customers, and suppliers and will take additional precautions that they determine to be necessary in order to mitigate the impacts. the extent to which covid-19 may impact the registrants' ability to operate their generating and transmission and distribution assets, the ability to access capital markets, and results of operations, including demand for electricity and natural gas, will depend on the spread and proliferation of covid-19 around the world and future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time.
financial results of operations gaap results of operations. the following table sets forth exelon's gaap consolidated net income attributable to common shareholders by registrant for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019. for additional information regarding the financial results for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019 see the discussions of results of operations by registrant.
(a)primarily includes eliminating and consolidating adjustments, exelon's corporate operations, shared service entities, and other financing and investing activities.
•one-time charges and accelerated depreciation and amortization associated with generation's decisions in the third quarter of 2020 to early retire byron and dresden nuclear facilities in 2021 and mystic units 8 and 9 in 2024, partially offset by the absence of accelerated depreciation and amortization due to the early retirement of tmi in september 2019;
•payments that comed made under the deferred prosecution agreement. see note 19 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information;
•lower capacity revenue;
•impact of generation's annual update to the nuclear aro for non-regulatory agreement units;
•lower net unrealized and realized gains on ndt funds;
•covid-19 direct costs;
•higher storm costs related to the june 2020 and august 2020 storms at peco, net of tax repairs, and related to the august 2020 storm at dpl;
•unfavorable weather conditions at peco, dpl delaware, and ace; and
•a net increase in depreciation and amortization expense due to ongoing capital expenditures at peco, bge, pepco, dpl, and ace, partially offset at generation due to the impact of extending the operating license at peach bottom.
•higher mark-to-market gains;
•unrealized gains resulting from equity investments without readily determinable fair values that became publicly traded entities in the fourth quarter and were fair valued based on quoted market prices of the stocks as of december 31, 2020;
•lower operating and maintenance expense at generation primarily due to previous cost management programs, lower contracting costs, and lower travel costs, partially offset by lower neil insurance distributions;
•lower nuclear fuel costs;
•a tax benefit related to a settlement in the first quarter of 2020, partially offset by the absence of a tax benefit related to certain research and development activities recorded in the fourth quarter of 2019 at generation; and
•regulatory rate increases at bge, dpl, and ace.
adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings. in addition to net income, exelon evaluates its operating performance using the measure of adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings because management believes it represents earnings directly related to the ongoing operations of the business. adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings exclude certain costs, expenses, gains and losses, and other specified items. this information is intended to enhance an investor's overall understanding of year-to-year operating results and provide an indication of exelon's baseline operating performance excluding items that are considered by management to be not directly related to the ongoing operations of the business. in addition, this information is among the primary indicators management uses as a basis for evaluating performance, allocating resources, setting incentive compensation targets, and planning and forecasting of future periods. adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings is not a presentation defined under gaap and may not be comparable to other companies' presentations or deemed more useful than the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report.
the following table provides a reconciliation between net income attributable to common shareholders as determined in accordance with gaap and adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings for the year ended december 31, 2020 as compared to 2019:
for the years ended december 31,
mark-to-market impact of economic hedging activities (net of taxes of $73 and $66, respectively)                      (213)                        (0.22)                            197                          0.20
unrealized (gains) losses related to ndt fund investments (net of taxes of $278 and $269, respectively)(a)            (256)                        (0.26)                          (299)                        (0.31)
plant retirements and divestitures (net of taxes of $244 and $9, respectively)(c)                                       718                          0.74                            118                          0.12
cost management program (net of taxes of $14 and $17, respectively)(d)                                                   45                          0.05                             51                          0.05
litigation settlement gain (net of taxes of $7)                                                                           -                             -                           (19)                        (0.02)
change in environmental liabilities (net of taxes of $6 and $8, respectively)                                            18                          0.02                             20                          0.02
covid-19 direct costs (net of taxes of $19)(f)                                                                           50                          0.05                              -                             -
acquisition related costs (net of taxes of $1)(h)                                                                         4                             -                              -                             -
erp system implementation costs (net of taxes of $1)(i)                                                                   3                             -                              -                             -
noncontrolling interests (net of taxes of $19 and $26, respectively)(k)                                                 103                          0.11                             90                          0.09
unless otherwise noted, the income tax impact of each reconciling item between gaap net income and adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings is based on the marginal statutory federal and state income tax rates for each registrant, taking into account whether the income or expense item is taxable or deductible, respectively, in whole or in part. for all items except the unrealized gains and losses related to ndt funds, the marginal statutory income tax rates for 2020 and 2019 ranged from 26.0% to 29.0%. under irs regulations, ndt fund investment returns are taxed at different rates for investments if they are in qualified or non-qualified funds. the effective tax rates for the unrealized gains and losses related to ndt funds were 52.1% and 47.3% for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
(a)reflects the impact of net unrealized gains and losses on generation's ndt fund investments for non-regulatory and regulatory agreement units. the impacts of the regulatory agreement units, including the associated income taxes, are contractually eliminated, resulting in no earnings impact.
(b)in 2020, reflects an impairment at comed in the second quarter of 2020 related to the acquisition of transmission assets and an impairment of the new england asset group in the third quarter of 2020. in 2019, primarily reflects the impairment of equity method investments in certain distributed energy companies. the impact of such impairment net of noncontrolling interest is $0.02.
(c)in 2020, primarily reflects one-time charges and accelerated depreciation and amortization associated with generation's decisions in the third quarter of 2020 to early retire byron and dresden nuclear facilities in 2021 and mystic units 8 and 9 in 2024. in 2019, primarily reflects accelerated depreciation and amortization expenses associated with the early retirement of the tmi nuclear facility and certain fossil sites and the loss on the sale of oyster creek to holtec, partially offset by net realized gains related to oyster creek's ndt fund investments, a net benefit associated with remeasurements of the tmi aro, and a gain on the sale of certain wind assets.
(d)primarily represents reorganization and severance costs related to cost management programs.
(e)reflects an adjustment to generation's nuclear aro for non-regulatory agreement units resulting from the annual update.
(f)represents direct costs related to covid-19 consisting primarily of costs to acquire personal protective equipment, costs for cleaning supplies and services, and costs to hire healthcare professionals to monitor the health of employees.
(g)reflects the payments made by comed under the deferred prosecution agreement, which comed entered into on july 17, 2020 with the u.s. attorney's office for the northern district of illinois.
(h)reflects costs related to the acquisition of edf's interest in ceng.
(i)reflects costs related to a multi-year erp system implementation.
(j)primarily reflects the adjustment to deferred income taxes due to changes in forecasted apportionment.
(k)represents elimination from generation's results of the noncontrolling interests related to certain exclusion items. in 2020, primarily related to unrealized gains and losses on ndt fund investments for ceng units. in 2019, primarily related to the impact of unrealized gains on ndt fund investments and the impact of the generation's annual nuclear aro update for ceng units, partially offset by the impairment of certain equity investments in distributed energy companies.
significant 2020 transactions and developments planned separation on february 21, 2021, exelon's board of directors approved a plan to separate the utility registrants and generation, creating two publicly traded companies with the resources necessary to best serve customers and sustain long-term investment and operating excellence. the separation gives each company the financial and strategic independence to focus on its specific customer needs, while executing its core business strategy. see note 26 - subsequent events of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
impacts of february 2021 weather events and texas-based generating assets outages beginning on february 15, 2021, generation's texas-based generating assets within the ercot market, specifically colorado bend ii, wolf hollow ii, and handley, experienced periodic outages as a result of historically severe cold weather conditions. in addition, those weather conditions drove increased demand for service, limited the availability of natural gas to fuel power plants, and dramatically increased wholesale power and gas prices.
exelon and generation estimate the impact to their net income for the first quarter of 2021 arising from these market and weather conditions to be approximately $560 million to $710 million. the estimated impact includes favorable results in certain regions within generation's wholesale gas business. the ultimate impact to exelon's and generation's consolidated financial statements may be affected by a number of factors, including final settlement data, the impacts of customer and counterparty credit losses, any state sponsored solutions to address the financial challenges caused by the event, and litigation and contract disputes which may result. exelon expects to offset between $410 million and $490 million of this impact primarily at generation through a combination of enhanced revenue opportunities, deferral of selected non-essential maintenance, and primarily one-time cost savings.
see note 26 - subsequent events of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
agreement for sale of generation's solar business on december 8, 2020, generation entered into an agreement with an affiliate of brookfield renewable, for the sale of a significant portion of generation's solar business, including 360 megawatts of generation in operation or under construction across more than 600 sites across the united states, for a purchase price of $810 million. completion of the transaction is expected to occur in the first half of 2021. generation will retain certain solar assets not included in this agreement, primarily antelope valley. see note 2 - mergers, acquisitions, and dispositions of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
early retirement of generation facilities in august 2020, generation announced that it intends to retire the byron generating station in september 2021, dresden generating station in november 2021, and mystic units 8 and 9 at the expiration of the cost of service commitment in may 2024. as a result, in the third quarter of 2020, exelon and generation recognized a $500 million impairment of its new england asset group and one-time non-cash charges for byron, dresden, and mystic related to materials and supplies inventory reserve adjustments, employee-related costs, and construction work-in-progress impairments, among other items. in addition, there will be ongoing annual financial impacts stemming from shortening the expected economic useful lives of these facilities, primarily related to accelerated depreciation of plant assets (including any arc) and accelerated amortization of nuclear fuel. such ongoing charges are excluded from adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings.
the following table summarizes the incremental expense recorded for the year ended december 31, 2020 and the estimated amounts of incremental expense expected to be incurred through the retirement dates.
(a)actual results may differ based on incremental future capital additions, actual units of production for nuclear fuel amortization, future revised aro assumptions, etc.
(b)reflects incremental accelerated depreciation of plant assets, including any arc.
(c)reflects primarily the net impacts associated with the remeasurement of the aro for dresden. see note 10 - asset retirement obligations of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(d)reflects contractual offset for aro accretion, arc depreciation, and net impacts associated with the remeasurement of the aro for byron and dresden. based on the regulatory agreement with the icc, decommissioning-related activities are offset within exelon's and generation's consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income as long as the net cumulative decommissioning-related activities result in a regulatory liability at comed. recognition of a regulatory asset for nuclear decommissioning-related activities at comed is not permissible. the offset results in an equal adjustment to the noncurrent payables to comed at generation and an adjustment to the regulatory liabilities at comed. see note 10 - asset retirement obligations of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
deferred prosecution agreement on july 17, 2020, comed entered into a deferred prosecution agreement (dpa) with the u.s. attorney's office for the northern district of illinois (usao) to resolve the usao's investigation into comed's lobbying activities in the state of illinois. under the dpa, the usao filed a single charge alleging that comed improperly gave and offered to give jobs, vendor subcontracts, and payments associated with those jobs and subcontracts for the benefit of the speaker of the illinois house of representatives and the speaker's associates, with the intent to influence the speaker's action regarding legislation affecting comed's interests. the dpa provides that the usao will defer any prosecution of such charge and any other criminal or civil case against comed in connection with the matters identified therein for a three-year period subject to certain obligations of comed, including payment to the united states treasury of $200 million, with $100 million payable within thirty days of the filing of the dpa with the united states district court for the northern district of illinois and an additional $100 million within ninety days of such filing date. the payments will not be recovered in rates or charged to customers, and comed will not seek or accept reimbursement or indemnification from any source other than exelon. see note 19 - commitments and contingencies for additional information.
utility distribution base rate case proceedings the utility registrants file base rate cases with their regulatory commissions seeking increases or decreases to their electric transmission and distribution, and gas distribution rates to recover their costs and earn a fair return on their investments. the outcomes of these regulatory proceedings impact the utility registrants' current and future financial statements.
the following tables show the utility registrants' completed and pending distribution base rate case proceedings in 2020. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on these and other regulatory proceedings.
transmission formula rates the following total increases/(decreases) were included in the utility registrants' 2020 annual electric transmission formula rate updates. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
registrant                     initial revenue requirement increase/(decrease)         annual reconciliation decrease                  total revenue requirement increase/(decrease)                  allowed return on rate base                   allowed roe comed                                                    $18                                        $(4)                                                       $14                                               8.17           %                   11.50     %
sales of customer accounts receivable on april 8, 2020, ner, a bankruptcy remote, special purpose entity, which is wholly owned by generation, entered into an accounts receivable financing facility with a number of financial institutions and a commercial paper conduit to sell certain customer accounts receivables. generation received approximately $500 million of cash in accordance with the initial sale of approximately $1.2 billion receivables. see note 6 - accounts receivable of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
exelon's strategy and outlook on february 21, 2021, exelon's board of directors approved a plan to separate the utility registrants and generation, creating two publicly traded companies with the resources necessary to best serve customers and sustain long-term investment and operating excellence. the separation gives each company the financial and strategic independence to focus on its specific customer needs, while executing its core business strategy. see note 26 - subsequent events of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
in 2021, the businesses remain focused on maintaining industry leading operational excellence, meeting or exceeding their financial commitments, ensuring timely recovery on investments to enable customer benefits, supporting enactment of clean energy policies, and continued commitment to corporate responsibility.
exelon's utility strategy is to improve reliability and operations and enhance the customer experience, while ensuring ratemaking mechanisms provide the utilities fair financial returns. the utility registrants only invest in rate base where it provides a benefit to customers and the community by improving reliability and the service experience or otherwise meeting customer needs. the utility registrants make these investments at the lowest reasonable cost to customers. exelon seeks to leverage its scale and expertise across the utilities platform through enhanced standardization and sharing of resources and best practices to achieve improved operational and financial results. additionally, the utility registrants anticipate making significant future investments in smart grid technology, transmission projects, gas infrastructure, and electric system improvement projects, providing greater reliability and improved service for our customers and a stable return for the company.
generation's competitive businesses create value for customers by providing innovative energy solutions and reliable, clean, and affordable energy. generation's electricity generation strategy is to pursue opportunities that provide stable revenues and match supply to customers. generation leverages its energy generation portfolio to deliver energy to both wholesale and retail customers. generation's customer-facing activities foster development and delivery of other innovative energy-related products and services for its customers. generation operates in well-developed energy markets and employs an integrated hedging strategy to manage commodity price volatility. its generation fleet, including its nuclear plants which consistently operate at high capacity factors, also provide geographic and supply source diversity. these factors help generation mitigate the current challenging conditions in competitive energy markets.
various market, financial, regulatory, legislative and operational factors could affect the registrants' success in pursuing their strategies. exelon continues to assess infrastructure, operational, commercial, policy, and legal solutions to these issues. one key issue is ensuring the ability to properly value nuclear generation assets in the market, solutions to which exelon is actively pursuing in a variety of jurisdictions and venues. see item 1a. risk factors for additional information regarding market and financial factors.
growth opportunities management continually evaluates growth opportunities aligned with exelon's businesses, assets and markets, leveraging exelon's expertise in those areas and offering sustainable returns.
regulated energy businesses. the utility registrants anticipate investing approximately $27 billion over the next four years in electric and natural gas infrastructure improvements and modernization projects, including smart grid technology, storm hardening, advanced reliability technologies, and transmission projects, which is projected to result in an increase to current rate base of approximately $15 billion by the end of 2024. the utility registrants invest in rate base where beneficial to customers and the community by increasing reliability and the service experience or otherwise meeting customer needs. these investments are made at the lowest reasonable cost to customers.
competitive energy businesses. generation continually assesses the optimal structure and composition of its generation assets as well as explores wholesale and retail opportunities within the power and gas sectors. generation's strategy is to ensure appropriate valuation of its generation assets, in part through public policy efforts, identify and capitalize on opportunities that match supply to customers as a means to provide stable earnings, and identify emerging technologies where strategic investments provide the option for significant future growth or influence in market development.
other key business drivers and management strategies utility rates and rate proceedings the utility registrants file rate cases with their regulatory commissions seeking increases or decreases to their electric transmission and distribution, and gas distribution rates to recover their costs and earn a fair return on their investments. the outcomes of these regulatory proceedings impact the utility registrants' current and future results of operations, cash flows, and financial positions. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on these regulatory proceedings.
power markets price of fuels the use of new technologies to recover natural gas from shale deposits is increasing natural gas supply and reserves, which places downward pressure on natural gas prices and, therefore, on wholesale and retail power prices, which results in a reduction in exelon's revenues. forward natural gas prices have declined significantly over the last several years; in part reflecting an increase in supply due to strong natural gas production (due to shale gas development).
section 232 uranium petition on january 16, 2018, two canadian-owned uranium mining companies with operations in the u.s. jointly submitted a petition to the u.s. department of commerce ("doc") seeking relief under section 232 of the trade expansion act of 1962 from imports of uranium products, alleging that these imports threaten national security.
the united states nuclear fuel working group ("working group") report was made public on april 23, 2020. the working group report states that nuclear power is intrinsically tied to national security, and promises that the u.s. government will take bold actions to strengthen all parts of the nuclear fuel industry in the u.s. it recommends the agreement suspending the antidumping investigation on uranium from the russian federation (the "russian suspension agreement" or "rsa") be extended and to consider reducing the amount of russian imports of nuclear fuel. the russian suspension agreement is the historical resolution of a 1991 doc investigation that found that the russians had been selling or "dumping" cheap uranium products into the u.s. the rsa has been amended several times in the intervening years to allow russia to supply limited amounts of uranium products into the u.s. it was set to expire at the end of 2020, but was amended on october 5, 2020 to extend for another 20 years.
the working group report should be viewed as policy recommendations that may be implemented by executive agencies, congress, and or regulatory bodies. exelon and generation cannot currently predict the outcome of all of the policy changes recommended by the working group.
complaint at ferc seeking to alter capacity market default offer caps on february 21, 2019, pjm's independent market monitor (imm) filed a complaint alleging that the number of performance assessment intervals used to calculate the default offer cap for bids to supply capacity in pjm is too high, resulting in an overstated default offer cap that obviates the need for most sellers to seek unit-specific approval of their offers. the imm claims that this allows for the exercise of market power. the imm asks ferc to require pjm to reduce the number of performance assessment intervals used to calculate the opportunity costs of a capacity supplier assuming a capacity obligation. this would, in turn, lower the default offer cap and allow the imm to review more offers on a unit-specific basis. it is too early to predict the final outcome of this proceeding or its potential financial impact, if any, on exelon or generation.
energy demand load growth at the utility registrants is driven by recovery from covid-19 impacts. comed and peco are projecting modest growth in load of 2.5% and 1.8%, respectively, in 2021 as compared to reduced load in 2020. bge, pepco, dpl, and ace are projecting slower growth as prolonged covid-19 impacts decrease load by (2.0)%, (0.8)%, (0.9)%, and (2.4)%, respectively, in 2021 compared to 2020.
retail competition generation's retail operations compete for customers in a competitive environment, which affect the margins that generation can earn and the volumes that it is able to serve. forward natural gas and power prices are expected to remain low and thus we expect retail competitors to stay aggressive in their pursuit of market share, and that wholesale generators (including generation) will continue to use their retail operations to hedge generation output.
hedging strategy exelon's policy to hedge commodity risk on a ratable basis over three-year periods is intended to reduce the financial impact of market price volatility. generation is exposed to commodity price risk associated with the unhedged portion of its electricity portfolio. generation enters into non-derivative and derivative contracts, including financially-settled swaps, futures contracts and swap options, and physical options and physical forward contracts, all with credit-approved counterparties, to hedge this anticipated exposure. as of december 31, 2020, the percentage of expected generation hedged for the mid-atlantic, midwest, new york, and ercot reportable segments is 94%-97% for 2021. generation has been and will continue to be proactive in using hedging strategies to mitigate commodity price risk.
generation procures natural gas through long-term and short-term contracts and spot-market purchases. nuclear fuel assemblies are obtained predominantly through long-term uranium concentrate supply contracts, contracted conversion services, contracted enrichment services, or a combination thereof, and contracted fuel fabrication services. the supply markets for uranium concentrates and certain nuclear fuel services are subject to price fluctuations and availability restrictions. approximately 60% of generation's uranium concentrate requirements from 2021 through 2025 are supplied by three suppliers. in the event of non-performance by these or other suppliers, generation believes that replacement uranium concentrate can be obtained, although at prices that may be unfavorable when compared to the prices under the current supply agreements. non-performance by these counterparties could have a material adverse impact on exelon's and generation's consolidated financial statements.
see note 16 - derivative financial instruments of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements and item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk for additional information.
the utility registrants mitigate commodity price risk through regulatory mechanisms that allow them to recover procurement costs from retail customers.
other legislative and regulatory developments illinois clean energy progress act on march 14, 2019, the clean energy progress act was introduced in the illinois general assembly to preserve illinois' clean energy choices arising from feja and empower the ipa to conduct capacity procurements outside of pjm's base residual auction process, while utilizing the frr provisions in pjm's tariffs which are still subject to penalties and other obligations under the pjm tariffs. the most significant provisions of the proposed legislation are as follows: (1) it allows the ipa to procure capacity directly from clean energy resources that have previously sold zecs or recs, including certain of generation's nuclear plants in illinois, or from new clean energy resources, (2) it establishes a goal of achieving 100% carbon-free power in the comed service territory by 2032, and (3) it implements reforms to enhance consumer protections in the state's competitive retail electricity and natural gas markets, including generation's retail customers. energy legislation has also been proposed by other stakeholders in 2019 and 2020, including renewable resource developers, environmental advocates, and coal-fueled generators. lawmakers focused their efforts on understanding all of the various legislative proposals with the goal of developing a single comprehensive energy package for ultimate consideration by the general assembly and governor pritzker. due to the covid-19 pandemic, the legislative calendar during 2020 was severely curtailed stalling progress on comprehensive energy legislation. the fall 2020 veto session was cancelled. the next opportunity for the general assembly to consider development of comprehensive energy legislation appears to come during the 2021 spring legislative session. exelon and generation will work with legislators and stakeholders and cannot predict the outcome or the potential financial impact, if any, on exelon or generation.
on april 12, 2019, the nuclear powers america act of 2019 was introduced to the united states congress, which expands the current investment tax credit to existing nuclear power plants. the proposed legislation would provide a credit equal to 30% of continued capital investment in certain nuclear energy-related expenditures, including capital expenses and nuclear fuel, starting from tax years 2019 through 2023. thereafter, the credit rate would be reduced to 26% in 2024, 22% in 2025, and 10% in 2026 and beyond. to qualify for the credit, the plant must be currently operational and must have applied for an operating license renewal before 2026.  exelon and generation are working with legislators and stakeholders and cannot predict the outcome or the potential financial impact, if any, on exelon or generation.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap requires that management apply accounting policies and make estimates and assumptions that affect results of operations and the amounts of assets and liabilities reported in the financial statements. management believes that the accounting policies described below require significant judgment in their application, or incorporate estimates and assumptions that are inherently uncertain and that may change in subsequent periods. additional information of the application of these accounting policies can be found in the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
generation's aro associated with decommissioning its nuclear units was $11.9 billion at december 31, 2020. the authoritative guidance requires that generation estimate its obligation for the future decommissioning of its nuclear generating plants. to estimate that liability, generation uses an internally-developed, probability-weighted, discounted cash flow model which, on a unit-by-unit basis, considers multiple decommissioning outcome scenarios.
as a result of recent nuclear plant retirements in the industry, nuclear operators and third-party service providers are obtaining more information about costs associated with decommissioning activities. at the same time, regulators are gaining more information about decommissioning activities which could result in changes to existing decommissioning requirements. in addition, as more nuclear plants are retired, it is possible that technological advances will be identified that could create efficiencies and lead to a reduction in decommissioning costs. the availability of ndt funds could impact the timing of the decommissioning activities. additionally, certain factors such as changes in regulatory requirements during plant operations or the profitability of a nuclear plant could impact the timing of plant retirements. these factors could result in material changes to generation's current estimates as more information becomes available and could change the timing of plant retirements and the probability assigned to the decommissioning outcome scenarios.
the nuclear decommissioning obligation is adjusted on a regular basis due to the passage of time and revisions to the key assumptions for the expected timing and/or estimated amounts of the future undiscounted cash flows required to decommission the nuclear plants, based upon the following methodologies and significant estimates and assumptions:
decommissioning cost studies. generation uses unit-by-unit decommissioning cost studies to provide a marketplace assessment of the expected costs (in current year dollars) and timing of decommissioning activities, which are validated by comparison to current decommissioning projects within the industry and other estimates. decommissioning cost studies are updated, on a rotational basis, for each of generation's nuclear units at least every five years, unless circumstances warrant more frequent updates. as part of the annual cost study update process, generation evaluates newly assumed costs or substantive changes in previously assumed costs to determine if the cost estimate impacts are sufficiently material to warrant application of the updated estimates to the aros across the nuclear fleet outside of the normal five-year rotating cost study update cycle.
cost escalation factors. generation uses cost escalation factors to escalate the decommissioning costs from the decommissioning cost studies discussed above through the assumed decommissioning period for each of the units. cost escalation studies, updated on an annual basis, are used to determine escalation factors, and are based on inflation indices for labor, equipment and materials, energy, llrw disposal, and other costs. all of the nuclear aros are adjusted each year for the updated cost escalation factors.
probabilistic cash flow models. generation's probabilistic cash flow models include the assignment of probabilities to various scenarios for decommissioning cost levels, decommissioning approaches, and timing of plant shutdown on a unit-by-unit basis. probabilities assigned to cost levels include an assessment of the likelihood of costs 20% higher (high-cost scenario) or 15% lower (low-cost scenario) than the base cost scenario. the assumed decommissioning scenarios include the following three alternatives: (1) decon which assumes decommissioning activities begin shortly after the cessation of operation, (2) shortened safstor generally has a 30-year delay prior to onset of decommissioning activities, and (3) safstor which assumes the nuclear facility is placed and maintained in such condition that the nuclear facility can be safely stored and subsequently decontaminated generally within 60 years after cessation of operations. in each decommissioning scenario, spent fuel is transferred to dry cask storage as soon as possible until doe acceptance for disposal.
the actual decommissioning approach selected once a nuclear facility is shutdown will be determined by generation at the time of shutdown and may be influenced by multiple factors including the funding status of the ndt fund at the time of shutdown.
the assumed plant shutdown timing scenarios include the following four alternatives: (1) the probability of operating through the original 40-year nuclear license term, (2) the probability of operating through an extended
60-year nuclear license term (regardless of whether such 20-year license extension has been received for each unit), (3) the probability of a second, 20-year license renewal for some nuclear units, and (4) the probability of early plant retirement for certain sites due to changing market conditions and regulatory environments. as power market and regulatory environment developments occur, generation evaluates and incorporates, as necessary, the impacts of such developments into its nuclear aro assumptions and estimates.
generation's probabilistic cash flow models also include an assessment of the timing of doe acceptance of snf for disposal. generation currently assumes doe will begin accepting snf in 2035. the snf acceptance date assumption is based on management's estimates of the amount of time required for doe to select a site location and develop the necessary infrastructure for long-term snf storage. for additional information regarding the estimated date when doe will begin accepting snf, see note 19 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
discount rates. the probability-weighted estimated future cash flows for the various assumed scenarios are discounted using credit-adjusted, risk-free rates (carfr) applicable to the various businesses in which each of the nuclear units originally operated. generation initially recognizes an aro at fair value and subsequently adjusts it for changes to estimated costs, timing of future cash flows and modifications to decommissioning assumptions. the aro is not required or permitted to be re-measured for changes in the carfr that occur in isolation. increases in the aro as a result of upward revisions in estimated undiscounted cash flows are considered new obligations and are measured using a current carfr as the increase creates a new cost layer within the aro. any decrease in the estimated undiscounted future cash flows relating to the aro are treated as a modification of an existing aro cost layer and, therefore, is measured using the average historical carfr rates used in creating the initial aro cost layers. if generation's future nominal cash flows associated with the aro were to be discounted at current prevailing carfr, the obligation would increase from approximately $11.9 billion to approximately $15.0 billion.
the following table illustrates the significant impact that changes in the carfr, when combined with changes in projected amounts and expected timing of cash flows, can have on the valuation of the aro (dollars in millions):
change in the carfr applied to the annual aro update       (decrease) increase to aro at december 31, 2020
aro sensitivities. changes in the assumptions underlying the aro could materially affect the decommissioning obligation. the impact to the aro of a change in any one of these assumptions is highly dependent on how the other assumptions may correspondingly change.
change in aro assumption                                                                                                                     increase to aro at december 31, 2020
cost escalation studies uniform increase in escalation rates of 50 basis points                                                                                                     $2,560
probabilistic cash flow models increase the estimated costs to decommission the nuclear plants by 10 percent                                                                                1,050
shorten each unit's probability weighted operating life assumption by 10 percent(b)                                                                          1,690
extend the estimated date for doe acceptance of snf to 2040                                                                                                    280
(a)excludes any sites in which management has committed to a specific decommissioning approach.
(b)excludes any retired sites.
see note 1 - significant accounting policies, note 7 - early plant retirements and note 10 - asset retirement obligations of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding accounting for nuclear aros.
as of december 31, 2020, exelon's $6.7 billion carrying amount of goodwill consists primarily of $2.6 billion at comed and $4 billion at phi. these entities are required to perform an assessment for possible impairment of their goodwill at least annually or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the reporting units below their carrying amount. a reporting unit is an operating segment or one level below an operating segment (known as a component) and is the level at which goodwill is assessed for impairment. comed has a single operating segment and reporting unit. phi's operating segments and reporting units are pepco, dpl, and ace. see note 5 - segment information of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information. exelon's and comed's goodwill has been assigned entirely to the comed reporting unit. exelon's and phi's goodwill has been assigned to the pepco, dpl, and ace reporting units in the amounts of $2.1 billion, $1.4 billion, and $0.5 billion, respectively. see note 13 - intangible assets of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
entities assessing goodwill for impairment have the option of first performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether a quantitative assessment is necessary. as part of the qualitative assessments, exelon, comed, and phi evaluate, among other things, management's best estimate of projected operating and capital cash flows for their businesses, outcomes of recent regulatory proceedings, changes in certain market conditions, including the discount rate and regulated utility peer ebitda multiples, and the passing margin from their last quantitative assessments performed.
application of the goodwill impairment assessment requires management judgment, including the identification of reporting units and determining the fair value of the reporting unit, which management estimates using a weighted combination of a discounted cash flow analysis and a market multiples analysis. significant assumptions used in these fair value analyses include discount and growth rates, utility sector market performance and transactions, and projected operating and capital cash flows for comed's, pepco's, dpl's, and ace's businesses and the fair value of debt.
while the 2020 annual assessments indicated no impairments, certain assumptions used in the assessment are highly sensitive to changes. adverse regulatory actions or changes in significant assumptions could potentially result in future impairments of exelon's, comed's, or phi's goodwill, which could be material.
see note 1 - significant accounting policies and note 13 - intangible assets of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
unamortized energy contract assets and liabilities (exelon, generation, and phi)
unamortized energy contract assets and liabilities represent the remaining unamortized balances of non-derivative energy contracts that generation has acquired and the electricity contracts exelon acquired as part of the phi merger. the initial amount recorded represents the fair value of the contracts at the time of acquisition. at exelon and phi, offsetting regulatory assets or liabilities were also recorded for those energy contract costs that are probable of recovery or refund through customer rates. the unamortized energy contract assets and liabilities and any corresponding regulatory assets or liabilities, respectively, are amortized over the life of the contract in relation to the expected realization of the underlying cash flows. amortization of the unamortized energy contract assets and liabilities is recorded through purchased power and fuel expense or operating revenues, depending on the nature of the underlying contract. see note 3 - regulatory matters and note 13 - intangible assets of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
impairment of long-lived assets (all registrants)
all registrants regularly monitor and evaluate the carrying value of long-lived assets and asset groups for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of those assets may not be recoverable. indicators of potential impairment may include a deteriorating business climate, including, but not limited to, declines in energy prices, condition of the asset, an asset remaining idle for more than a short period of time, specific regulatory disallowance, advances in technology, plans to dispose of a long-lived asset significantly before the end of its useful life, and financial distress of a third party for assets contracted with them on a long-term basis, among others.
the review of long-lived assets and asset groups for impairment utilizes significant assumptions about operating strategies and estimates of future cash flows, which require assessments of current and projected market conditions. for the generation business, forecasting future cash flows requires assumptions regarding forecasted commodity prices for the sale of power and purchases of fuel and the expected operations of assets. a variation in the assumptions used could lead to a different conclusion regarding the recoverability of an asset or asset group and, thus, could potentially result in material future impairments. an impairment evaluation is based on an undiscounted cash flow analysis at the lowest level at which cash flows of the long-lived assets or asset groups are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. for the generation business, the lowest level of independent cash flows is determined by the evaluation of several factors, including the geographic dispatch of the generation units and the hedging strategies related to those units as well as the associated intangible assets or liabilities recorded on the balance sheet. the cash flows from the generating units are generally evaluated at a regional portfolio level with cash flows generated from the customer supply and risk management activities, including cash flows from related intangible assets and liabilities on the balance sheet. in certain cases, generating assets may be evaluated on an individual basis where those assets are contracted on a long-term basis with a third party and operations are independent of other generating assets (typically contracted renewables). for such assets the financial viability of the third party, including the impact of bankruptcy on the contract, may be a significant assumption in the assessment.
on a quarterly basis, generation assesses its long-lived assets or asset groups for indicators of impairment. if indicators are present for a long-lived asset or asset group, a comparison of the undiscounted expected future cash flows to the carrying value is performed. when the undiscounted cash flow analysis indicates the carrying value of a long-lived asset or asset group is not recoverable, the amount of the impairment loss is determined by measuring the excess of the carrying amount of the long-lived asset or asset group over its fair value. the fair value of the long-lived asset or asset group is dependent upon a market participant's view of the exit price of the assets. this includes significant assumptions of the estimated future cash flows generated by the assets and market discount rates. events and circumstances often do not occur as expected resulting in differences between prospective financial information and actual results, which may be material. the determination of fair value is driven by both internal assumptions that include significant unobservable inputs (level 3) such as revenue and generation forecasts, projected capital, and maintenance expenditures and discount rates, as well as information from various public, financial and industry sources.
see note 12 - asset impairments of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for a discussion of asset impairment assessments.
the registrants have significant investments in electric generation assets and electric and natural gas transmission and distribution assets. these assets are generally depreciated on a straight-line basis, using the group, composite, or unitary methods of depreciation. the group approach is typically for groups of similar assets that have approximately the same useful lives and the composite approach is used for heterogeneous assets that have different lives. under both methods, a reporting entity depreciates the assets over the average life of the assets in the group. the estimation of asset useful lives requires management judgment, supported by formal depreciation studies of historical asset retirement experience. depreciation studies are generally completed every five years, or more frequently if required by a rate regulator or if an event, regulatory action, or change in retirement patterns indicate an update is necessary.
for the utility registrants, depreciation studies generally serve as the basis for amounts allowed in customer rates for recovery of depreciation costs. generally, the utility registrants adjust their depreciation rates for financial reporting purposes concurrent with adjustments to depreciation rates reflected in customer rates, unless the depreciation rates reflected in customer rates do not align with management's judgment as to an appropriate estimated useful life or have not been updated on a timely basis. depreciation expense and customer rates for comed, bge, pepco, dpl, and ace include an estimate of the future costs of dismantling and removing plant from service upon retirement. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding regulatory liabilities and assets recorded by comed, bge, pepco, dpl, and ace related to removal costs.
peco's removal costs are capitalized to accumulated depreciation when incurred, and recorded to depreciation expense over the life of the new asset constructed consistent with peco's regulatory recovery method. estimates for such removal costs are also evaluated in the periodic depreciation studies.
at generation, along with depreciation study results, management considers expected future energy market conditions and generation plant operating costs and capital investment requirements in determining the estimated service lives of its generating facilities and reassesses the reasonableness of estimated useful lives whenever events or changes in circumstances warrant. when a determination has been made that an asset will be retired before the end of its current estimated useful life, depreciation provisions will be accelerated to reflect the shortened estimated useful life, which could have a material unfavorable impact on exelon's and generation's future results of operations. see note 7 - early plant retirements of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
changes in estimated useful lives of electric generation assets and of electric and natural gas transmission and distribution assets could have a significant impact on the registrants' future results of operations. see note 1 - significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding depreciation and estimated service lives of the property, plant, and equipment of the registrants.
defined benefit pension and other postretirement employee benefits (all registrants)
exelon sponsors defined benefit pension plans and opeb plans for substantially all current employees. the measurement of the plan obligations and costs of providing benefits involves various factors, including the development of valuation assumptions and inputs and accounting policy elections. when developing the required assumptions, exelon considers historical information as well as future expectations. the measurement of benefit obligations and costs is affected by several assumptions including the discount rate, the long-term expected rate of return on plan assets, the anticipated rate of increase of health care costs, exelon's contributions, the rate of compensation increases, and the long-term expected investment rate credited to employees of certain plans, among others. the assumptions are updated annually and upon any interim remeasurement of the plan obligations.
pension and opeb plan assets include equity securities, including u.s. and international securities, and fixed income securities, as well as certain alternative investment classes such as real estate, private equity, and hedge funds.
expected rate of return on plan assets. in determining the eroa, exelon considers historical economic indicators (including inflation and gdp growth) that impact asset returns, as well as expectation regarding future long-term capital market performance, weighted by exelon's target asset class allocations. exelon calculates the amount of expected return on pension and opeb plan assets by multiplying the eroa by the mrv of plan assets at the beginning of the year, taking into consideration anticipated contributions and benefit payments to be made during the year. in determining mrv, the authoritative guidance for pensions and postretirement benefits allows the use of either fair value or a calculated value that recognizes changes in fair value in a systematic and rational manner over not more than five years. for the majority of pension plan assets, exelon uses a calculated value that adjusts for 20% of the difference between fair value and expected mrv of plan assets. use of this calculated value approach enables less volatile expected asset returns to be recognized as a component of pension cost from year to year. for opeb plan assets and certain pension plan assets, exelon uses fair value to calculate the mrv.
discount rate. the discount rates are determined by developing a spot rate curve based on the yield to maturity of a universe of high-quality non-callable (or callable with make whole provisions) bonds with similar maturities to the related pension and opeb obligations. the spot rates are used to discount the estimated future benefit distribution amounts under the pension and opeb plans. the discount rate is the single level rate that produces the same result as the spot rate curve. exelon utilizes an analytical tool developed by its actuaries to determine the discount rates.
mortality. the mortality assumption is composed of a base table that represents the current expectation of life expectancy of the population adjusted by an improvement scale that attempts to anticipate future improvements in life expectancy. exelon's mortality assumption utilizes the soa 2019 base table (pri-2012) and mp-2020 improvement scale adjusted to use proxy ssa ultimate improvement rates.
sensitivity to changes in key assumptions. the following tables illustrate the effects of changing certain of the actuarial assumptions discussed above, while holding all other assumptions constant (dollars in millions):
actual assumption actuarial assumption                                          pension                    opeb         change in                   pension                   opeb                    total assumption change in 2020 cost:
change in benefit obligation at december 31, 2020:
(a)in general, the discount rate will have a larger impact on the pension and opeb cost and obligation as the rate moves closer to 0%. therefore, the discount rate sensitivities above cannot necessarily be extrapolated for larger increases or decreases in the discount rate. additionally, exelon utilizes a liability-driven investment strategy for its pension asset portfolio. the sensitivities shown above do not reflect the offsetting impact that changes in discount rates may have on pension asset returns.
see note 1 - significant accounting policies and note 15 - retirement benefits of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the accounting for the defined benefit pension plans and opeb plans.
regulatory accounting (exelon and utility registrants)
for their regulated electric and gas operations, exelon and the utility registrants reflect the effects of cost-based rate regulation in their financial statements, which is required for entities with regulated operations that meet the following criteria: (1) rates are established or approved by a third-party regulator; (2) rates are designed to recover the entities' cost of providing services or products; and (3) a reasonable expectation that rates designed to recover costs can be charged to and collected from customers. regulatory assets represent incurred costs that have been deferred because of their probable future recovery from customers through regulated rates. regulatory liabilities represent (1) revenue or gains that have been deferred because it is probable such amounts will be returned to customers through future regulated rates; or (2) billings in advance of expenditures for approved regulatory programs. if it is concluded in a future period that a separable portion of operations no longer meets the criteria discussed above, exelon and the utility registrants would be required to eliminate any associated regulatory assets and liabilities and the impact, which could be material, would be recognized in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income.
the following table illustrates the gains (losses) that could result from the elimination of regulatory assets and liabilities and charges against oci (dollars in millions before taxes) related to deferred costs associated with exelon's pension and opeb plans that are recorded as regulatory assets in exelon's consolidated balance sheets:
charge against oci(a)            $3,984        $-              $-              $-            $-              $-            $-            $-
(a)exelon's charge against oci (before taxes) consists of up to $2.7 billion, $481 million, $193 million, $387 million, $188 million, and $91 million related to comed's, bge's, phi's, pepco's, dpl's, and ace's respective portions of the deferred costs associated with exelon's pension and opeb plans. exelon also has a net regulatory liability of $(36) million (before taxes) related to peco's portion of the deferred costs associated with exelon's opeb plans that would result in an increase in oci if reversed.
see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding regulatory matters, including the regulatory assets and liabilities tables of exelon and the utility registrants.
for each regulatory jurisdiction in which they conduct business, exelon and the utility registrants assess whether the regulatory assets and liabilities continue to meet the criteria for probable future recovery or refund at each balance sheet date and when regulatory events occur. this assessment includes consideration of recent rate orders, historical regulatory treatment for similar costs in each registrant's jurisdictions, and factors such as changes in applicable regulatory and political environments. if the assessments and estimates made by exelon and the utility registrants for regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities are ultimately different than actual regulatory outcomes, the impact in their consolidated financial statements could be material.
refer to the revenue recognition discussion below for additional information on the annual revenue reconciliations associated with icc-approved electric distribution and energy efficiency formula rates for comed, and ferc transmission formula rate tariffs for the utility registrants.
accounting for derivative instruments (all registrants)
the registrants use derivative instruments to manage commodity price risk, foreign currency exchange risk, and interest rate risk related to ongoing business operations. the registrants' derivative activities are in accordance with exelon's risk management policy (rmp). see note 16 - derivative financial instruments of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
the registrants account for derivative financial instruments under the applicable authoritative guidance. determining whether a contract qualifies as a derivative requires that management exercise significant judgment, including assessing market liquidity as well as determining whether a contract has one or more underlyings and one or more notional quantities. changes in management's assessment of contracts and the liquidity of their markets, and changes in authoritative guidance, could result in previously excluded contracts becoming in scope of new authoritative guidance.
all derivatives are recognized on the balance sheet at their fair value, except for certain derivatives that qualify for, and are elected under, npns. derivatives entered into for economic hedging and for proprietary trading purposes are recorded at fair value through earnings. for economic hedges that are not designated for hedge accounting for the utility registrants, changes in the fair value each period are generally recorded with a corresponding offsetting regulatory asset or liability given likelihood of recovering the associated costs through customer rates.
npns. as part of generation's energy marketing business, generation enters into contracts to buy and sell energy to meet the requirements of its customers. these contracts include short-term and long-term commitments to purchase and sell energy and energy-related products in the retail and wholesale markets with the intent and ability to deliver or take delivery. while some of these contracts are considered derivative financial instruments under the authoritative guidance, certain of these qualifying transactions have been designated by generation as npns transactions, which are thus not required to be recorded at fair value, but rather on an accrual basis of accounting. determining whether a contract qualifies for the npns requires judgment on whether the contract will physically deliver and requires that management ensure compliance with all of the associated qualification and documentation requirements. revenues and expenses on contracts that qualify as npns are recognized when the underlying physical transaction is completed. contracts that qualify for the npns are those for which physical delivery is probable, quantities are expected to be used or sold in the normal course of business over a reasonable period of time, and the contract is not financially settled on a net basis. the contracts that comed has entered into with suppliers as part of comed's energy procurement process, peco's full requirement contracts under the papuc-approved dsp program, most of peco's natural gas supply agreements, all of bge's full requirement contracts and natural gas supply agreements that are derivatives, and certain pepco, dpl, and ace full requirement contracts qualify for and are accounted for under the npns.
commodity contracts. identification of a commodity contract as an economic hedge requires generation to determine that the contract is in accordance with the rmp. generation reassesses its economic hedges on a regular basis to determine if they continue to be within the guidelines of the rmp.
as a part of the authoritative guidance, the registrants make estimates and assumptions concerning future commodity prices, load requirements, interest rates, the timing of future transactions and their probable cash flows, the fair value of contracts and the expected changes in the fair value in deciding whether or not to enter into derivative transactions, and in determining the initial accounting treatment for derivative transactions. under the authoritative guidance for fair value measurements, the registrants categorize these derivatives under a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value.
derivative contracts are traded in both exchange-based and non-exchange-based markets. exchange-based derivatives that are valued using unadjusted quoted prices in active markets are generally categorized in level 1 in the fair value hierarchy.
certain derivatives' pricing is verified using indicative price quotations available through brokers or over-the-counter, on-line exchanges. the price quotations reflect the average of the bid-ask mid-point from markets that the registrants believe provide the most liquid market for the commodity. the price quotations are reviewed and corroborated to ensure the prices are observable and representative of an orderly transaction between market participants. the registrant's derivatives are traded predominately at liquid trading points. the remaining derivative contracts are valued using models that consider inputs such as contract terms, including maturity, and market parameters, and assumptions of the future prices of energy, interest rates, volatility, credit worthiness, and credit spread. for derivatives that trade in liquid markets, such as generic forwards, swaps, and options, the model inputs are generally observable. such instruments are categorized in level 2.
for derivatives that trade in less liquid markets with limited pricing information, the model inputs generally would include both observable and unobservable inputs and are categorized in level 3.
the registrants consider nonperformance risk, including credit risk in the valuation of derivative contracts, including both historical and current market data in its assessment of nonperformance risk, including credit risk. the impacts of nonperformance and credit risk to date have generally not been material to the financial statements.
see item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk and note 18 - fair value of financial assets and liabilities and note 16 - derivative financial instruments of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the registrants' derivative instruments.
significant management judgment is required in determining the registrants' provisions for income taxes, primarily due to the uncertainty related to tax positions taken, as well as deferred tax assets and liabilities and valuation allowances. the registrants account for uncertain income tax positions using a benefit recognition model with a two-step approach including a more-likely-than-not recognition threshold and a measurement approach based on the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. management evaluates each position based solely on the technical merits and facts and circumstances of the position, assuming the position will be examined by a taxing authority having full knowledge of all relevant information. significant judgment is required to determine whether the recognition threshold has been met and, if so, the appropriate amount of tax benefits to be recorded in the registrants' consolidated financial statements.
the registrants evaluate quarterly the probability of realizing deferred tax assets by reviewing a forecast of future taxable income and their intent and ability to implement tax planning strategies, if necessary, to realize deferred tax assets. the registrants also assess negative evidence, such as the expiration of historical operating loss or tax credit carryforwards, that could indicate the registrant's inability to realize its deferred tax assets. based on the combined assessment, the registrants record valuation allowances for deferred tax assets when it is more-likely-than-not such benefit will not be realized in future periods.
actual income taxes could vary from estimated amounts due to the future impacts of various items, including future changes in income tax laws, the registrants' forecasted financial condition and results of operations, failure to successfully implement tax planning strategies, as well as results of audits and examinations of filed tax returns by taxing authorities. see note 14 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
accounting for loss contingencies (all registrants)
in the preparation of their financial statements, the registrants make judgments regarding the future outcome of contingent events and record liabilities for loss contingencies that are probable and can be reasonably estimated based upon available information. the amount recorded may differ from the actual expense incurred when the uncertainty is resolved. such difference could have a significant impact in the registrants' consolidated financial statements.
environmental costs. environmental investigation and remediation liabilities are based upon estimates with respect to the number of sites for which the registrants will be responsible, the scope and cost of work to be performed at each site, the portion of costs that will be shared with other parties, the timing of the remediation work and changes in technology, regulations, and the requirements of local governmental authorities. annual studies and/or reviews are conducted at comed, peco, bge, and dpl to determine future remediation requirements for mgp sites and estimates are adjusted accordingly. in addition, periodic reviews are performed at each of the registrants to assess the adequacy of other environmental reserves. these matters, if resolved in a manner different from the estimate, could have a significant impact in the registrants' consolidated financial statements. see note 19 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
other, including personal injury claims. the registrants are self-insured for general liability, automotive liability, workers' compensation, and personal injury claims to the extent that losses are within policy deductibles or exceed the amount of insurance maintained. the registrants have reserves for both open claims asserted and an estimate of claims incurred but not reported (ibnr). the ibnr reserve is estimated based on actuarial assumptions and analysis and is updated annually. future events, such as the number of new claims to be filed each year, the average cost of disposing of claims, as well as the numerous uncertainties surrounding litigation and possible state and national legislative measures could cause the actual costs to be higher or lower than estimated. accordingly, these claims, if resolved in a manner different from the estimate, could have a material impact in the registrants' consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition (all registrants)
sources of revenue and determination of accounting treatment. the registrants earn revenues from various business activities including: the sale of power and energy-related products, such as natural gas, capacity, and other commodities in non-regulated markets (wholesale and retail); the sale and delivery of power and natural gas in regulated markets; and the provision of other energy-related non-regulated products and services.
the accounting treatment for revenue recognition is based on the nature of the underlying transaction and applicable authoritative guidance. the registrants primarily apply the revenue from contracts with customers, derivative and arp guidance to recognize revenue as discussed in more detail below.
revenue from contracts with customers. the registrants recognize revenues in the period in which the performance obligations within contracts with customers are satisfied, which generally occurs when power, natural gas, and other energy-related commodities are physically delivered to the customer. transactions of the registrants within the scope of revenue from contracts with customers generally include non-derivative agreements, contracts that are designated as npns, sales to utility customers under regulated service tariffs, and spot-market energy commodity sales, including settlements with isos.
the determination of generation's and the utility registrants' retail power and natural gas sales to individual customers is based on systematic readings of customer meters, generally on a monthly basis. at the end of each month, amounts of energy delivered to customers since the date of the last meter reading are estimated, and corresponding unbilled revenue is recorded. the measurement of unbilled revenue is affected by the following factors: daily customer usage measured by generation or gas throughput volume, customer usage by class, losses of energy during delivery to customers and applicable customer rates. increases or decreases in volumes delivered to the utilities' customers and favorable or unfavorable rate mix due to changes in usage patterns in customer classes in the period could be significant to the calculation of unbilled revenue. in addition, revenues may fluctuate monthly as a result of customers electing to use an alternate supplier, since unbilled commodity revenues are not recorded for these customers. changes in the timing of meter reading schedules and the number and type of customers scheduled for each meter reading date also impact the measurement of unbilled revenue; however, total operating revenues would remain materially unchanged. see note 1 - significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
derivative revenues. the registrants record revenues and expenses using the mark-to-market method of accounting for transactions that are accounted for as derivatives. these derivative transactions primarily relate to commodity price risk management activities. mark-to-market revenues and expenses include: inception gains or losses on new transactions where the fair value is observable, unrealized gains and losses from changes in the fair value of open contracts, and realized gains and losses.
alternative revenue program accounting. certain of the utility registrants' ratemaking mechanisms qualify as arps if they (i) are established by a regulatory order and allow for automatic adjustment to future rates, (ii) provide for additional revenues (above those amounts currently reflected in the price of utility service) that are objectively determinable and probable of recovery, and (iii) allow for the collection of those additional revenues within 24 months following the end of the period in which they were recognized. for mechanisms that meet these criteria, which include the utility registrants' formula rate mechanisms and revenue decoupling mechanisms, the utility registrants adjust revenue and record an offsetting regulatory asset or liability once the condition or event allowing additional billing or refund has occurred. the arp revenues presented in the utility registrants' consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income include both: (i) the recognition of "originating" arp revenues (when the regulator-specified condition or event allowing for additional billing or refund has occurred) and (ii) an equal and offsetting reversal of the "originating" arp revenues as those amounts are reflected in the price of utility service and recognized as revenue from contracts with customers.
comed records arp revenue for its best estimate of the electric distribution, energy efficiency, distributed generation rebates, and transmission revenue impacts resulting from future changes in rates that comed believes are probable of approval by the icc and ferc in accordance with its formula rate mechanisms. bge, pepco, and dpl record arp revenue for their best estimate of the electric and natural gas distribution revenue impacts resulting from future changes in rates that they believe are probable of approval by the mdpsc and/or dcpsc in accordance with their revenue decoupling mechanisms. peco, bge, pepco, dpl, and ace record arp revenue for their best estimate of the transmission revenue impacts resulting from future changes in rates that they believe are probable of approval by ferc in accordance with their formula rate mechanisms. estimates of the current year revenue requirement are based on actual and/or forecasted costs and investments in rate base for the period and the rates of return on common equity and associated regulatory capital structure allowed under the applicable tariff. the estimated reconciliation can be affected by, among other things, variances in costs incurred, investments made, allowed roe, and actions by regulators or courts.
see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
allowance for credit losses on customer accounts receivable (utility registrants)
utility registrants estimate the allowance for credit losses on customer receivables by applying loss rates developed specifically for each company based on historical loss experience, current conditions, and forward-looking risk factors to the outstanding receivable balance by customer risk segment. risk segments represent a group of customers with similar forward-looking credit quality indicators and risk factors that are comprised based on various attributes, including delinquency of their balances and payment history and represent expected, future customer behavior. loss rates applied to the accounts receivable balances are based on a historical average of charge-offs as a percentage of accounts receivable in each risk segment. the utility registrants' customer accounts are generally considered delinquent if the amount billed is not received by the time the next bill is issued, which normally occurs on a monthly basis. utility registrants' customer accounts are written off consistent with approved regulatory requirements. utility registrants' allowances for credit losses will continue to be affected by changes in volume, prices, and economic conditions as well as changes in icc, papuc, mdpsc, dcpsc, dpsc, and njbpu regulations.
generation results of operations by registrant results of operations-generation generation's results of operations includes discussion of rnf, which is a financial measure not defined under gaap and may not be comparable to other companies' presentations or deemed more useful than the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report. the codms for exelon and generation evaluate the performance of generation's electric business activities and allocate resources based on rnf. generation believes that rnf is a useful measure because it provides information that can be used to evaluate its operational performance.
gain on sales of assets and businesses                                   11                      27                                  (16)
income before income taxes                                              836                   1,917                               (1,081)
equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates                           (8)                   (184)                                   176
net (loss) income attributable to noncontrolling interests             (10)                      92                                 (102)
•one-time charges and accelerated depreciation and amortization associated with generation's decisions in the third quarter of 2020 to early retire byron and dresden nuclear facilities in 2021 and mystic units 8 and 9 in 2024, partially offset by the absence of accelerated depreciation and amortization due to the early retirement of tmi in september 2019;
•lower capacity revenue;
•impact of generation's annual update to the nuclear aro for non-regulatory agreement units;
•lower net unrealized and realized gains on ndt funds;
•covid-19 direct costs; and the decreases were partially offset by:
•higher mark-to-market gains;
•unrealized gains resulting from equity investments without readily determinable fair values that became publicly traded entities in the fourth quarter of 2020 and were fair valued based on quoted market prices of the stocks as of december 31, 2020;
•lower operating and maintenance expense primarily due to previous cost management programs, lower contracting costs, and lower travel costs partially offset by lower neil insurance distributions;
•lower nuclear fuel costs;
•a tax benefit related to a settlement in the first quarter of 2020, partially offset by the absence of a tax benefit related to certain research and development activities recorded in the fourth quarter of 2019.
revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense. the basis for generation's reportable segments is the integrated management of its electricity business that is located in different geographic regions, and largely representative of the footprints of iso/rto and/or nerc regions, which utilize multiple supply sources to provide electricity through various distribution channels (wholesale and retail). generation's hedging strategies and risk metrics are also aligned with these same geographic regions. generation's five reportable segments are mid-atlantic, midwest, new york, ercot, and other power regions. see note 5 - segment information of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on these reportable segments.
the following business activities are not allocated to a region and are reported under other: natural gas, as well as other miscellaneous business activities that are not significant to overall operating revenues or results of operations. further, the following activities are not allocated to a region and are reported in other: accelerated nuclear fuel amortization associated with nuclear decommissioning; and other miscellaneous revenues.
generation evaluates the operating performance of electric business activities using the measure of rnf. operating revenues include all sales to third parties and affiliated sales to the utility registrants. purchased power costs include all costs associated with the procurement and supply of electricity including capacity, energy, generation and ancillary services. fuel expense includes the fuel costs for owned generation and fuel costs associated with tolling agreements.
for the years ended december 31, 2020 compared to 2019, rnf by region were as follows. see note 5 - segment information of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on purchase power and fuel expense for generation's reportable segments.
2020                                                                                                    2019                  variance                     % change mid-atlantic(a)                                                            $2,204                  $2,655                  $(451)                       (17.0)    %
mark-to-market gains (losses)                                                 295                   (215)                     510                        237.2    %
(a)includes results of transactions with peco, bge, pepco, dpl, and ace.
(b)includes results of transactions with comed.
generation generation's supply sources by region are summarized below:
supply source (gwhs)                            2020                    2019                  variance                     % change nuclear generation(a)
total supply/sales by region(c)
total supply/sales by region             281,610                  280,344                   1,266                          0.5    %
generation for the years ended december 31, 2020 compared to 2019 changes in rnf by region were as follows:
• decreased capacity revenues
• increase in newly contracted load offset by impacts of covid-19
midwest                               (60)                        • decreased capacity revenues
• increased capacity revenues ercot                                  118                        • lower procurement costs for owned and contracted assets
• higher portfolio optimization, partially offset by
• lower realized energy prices other power regions                     45                        • higher portfolio optimization
• increase in newly contracted load offset by impacts of covid-19, partially offset by
• decreased capacity revenues
• lower realized energy prices mark-to-market(a)                      510                        • gains on economic hedging activities of $295 million in 2020 compared to losses of $215 million in 2019
other                                (115)                        • increase in accelerated nuclear fuel amortization associated with announced early plant retirements • decreased revenue related to the energy efficiency business total                                $(50)
(a)see note 16 - derivative financial instruments of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on mark-to-market gains and losses.
generation nuclear fleet capacity factor. the following table presents nuclear fleet operating data for the generation-operated plants, which reflects ownership percentage of stations operated by exelon, excluding salem, which is operated by pseg. the nuclear fleet capacity factor presented in the table is defined as the ratio of the actual output of a plant over a period of time to its output if the plant had operated at full average annual mean capacity for that time period. generation considers capacity factor to be a useful measure to analyze the nuclear fleet performance between periods. generation has included the analysis below as a complement to the financial information provided in accordance with gaap. however, these measures are not a presentation defined under gaap and may not be comparable to other companies' presentations or be more useful than the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report.
nuclear fleet capacity factor          95.4   %           95.7   %
the changes in operating and maintenance expense, consisted of the following:
nuclear refueling outage costs, including the co-owned salem plants                     60
covid-19 direct costs                                                                   46
litigation settlements                                                                  26
change in environmental liabilities                                                     18
credit loss expense(a)                                                                  16
plant retirements and divestitures                                                     (8)
pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense                               (19)
corporate allocations                                                                 (35)
travel costs                                                                          (38)
labor, other benefits, contracting, and materials(b)                                 (235)
(a)increased credit loss expense including impacts from covid-19.
(b)primarily reflects decreased costs related to the permanent cease of generation operations at tmi, lower labor costs resulting from previous cost management programs, and decreased contracting costs.
depreciation and amortization expense for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019 increased primarily due to the accelerated depreciation and amortization associated with generation's decision to early retire the byron and dresden nuclear facilities, partially offset by the permanent cease of generation operations at tmi.
taxes other than income taxes for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019 decreased primarily due to decreased sales and power usage.
gain on sales of assets and businesses for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019 decreased primarily due to generation's gain on sale of certain wind assets in 2019 partially offset by the loss on sale of oyster creek.
other, net for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019 decreased due to activity associated with ndt funds as described in the table below.
net unrealized gains on ndt funds(a)                        $391                    $411
net realized gains on sale of ndt funds(a)                    70                     253
unrealized gains from equity investments(c)                  186                       -
(a)unrealized gains, realized gains, and interest and dividend income on the ndt funds are associated with the non-regulatory agreement units.
(b)contractual elimination of income tax expense is associated with the income taxes on the ndt funds of the regulatory agreement units.
(c)unrealized gains resulting from equity investments without readily determinable fair values that became publicly traded entities in the fourth quarter of 2020 and were fair valued based on quoted market prices of the stocks as of december 31, 2020.
interest expense for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019 decreased primarily due to the redemption of long-term debt in 2020.
effective income tax rates were 29.8% and 26.9% for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. the change in 2020 is primarily related to one-time income tax settlements partially offset by the absence of research and development refund claims. see note 14 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019 increased primarily due to the impairment of equity method investments in certain distributed energy companies in the third quarter of 2019.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019 decreased primarily due to lower unrealized losses on ndt fund investments for ceng.
gain on sales of assets                           -                       4                                   (4)
income before income taxes                      615                     851                                 (236)
year ended december 31, 2020 compared to year ended december 31, 2019. net income decreased by $250 million primarily due to payments that comed made under the deferred prosecution agreement, an impairment charge resulting from acquisition of transmission assets, and lower allowed electric distribution roe due to a decrease in treasury rates, partially offset by higher electric distribution formula rate earnings (reflecting the impacts of higher rate base). see note 19 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information related to the deferred prosecution agreement.
the changes in operating revenues consisted of the following:
increase energy efficiency                           $37
regulatory required programs                        53
revenue decoupling. the demand for electricity is affected by weather and customer usage. operating revenues are not impacted by abnormal weather, usage per customer, or number of customers as a result of revenue decoupling mechanisms implemented pursuant to feja.
comed energy efficiency revenue. feja provides for a performance-based formula rate, which requires an annual reconciliation of the revenue requirement in effect to the actual costs that the icc determines are prudently and reasonably incurred in a given year. under feja, energy efficiency revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs, investments being recovered, and allowed roe. energy efficiency revenue increased for the year ended december 31, 2020, as compared to the same period in 2019, primarily due to increased regulatory asset amortization which is fully recoverable. see depreciation and amortization expense discussions below and note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
distribution revenue. eima and feja provide for a performance-based formula rate, which requires an annual reconciliation of the revenue requirement in effect to the actual costs that the icc determines are prudently and reasonably incurred in a given year. electric distribution revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs (e.g., severe weather and storm restoration), investments being recovered, and allowed roe. during the year ended december 31, 2020, as compared to the same period in 2019, electric distribution revenue increased due to the impact of higher rate base and higher fully recoverable costs, offset by lower allowed roe due to a decrease in treasury rates. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
transmission revenue. under a ferc-approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs, capital investments being recovered, and the highest daily peak load, which is updated annually in january based on the prior calendar year. generally, increases/decreases in the highest daily peak load will result in higher/lower transmission revenue. during the year ended december 31, 2020, as compared to the same period in 2019, transmission revenues remained relatively consistent. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
other revenue primarily includes assistance provided to other utilities through mutual assistance programs. the increase in other revenue for the year ended december 31, 2020, as compared to the same period in 2019, primarily reflects mutual assistance revenues associated with storm restoration efforts.
regulatory required programs represents revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory programs such as recoveries under the credit loss expense tariff, environmental costs associated with mgp sites, and costs related to electricity, zec, and rec procurement. the riders are designed to provide full and current cost recovery. the costs of these programs are included in purchased power expense, operating and maintenance expense, depreciation and amortization expense, and taxes other than income. customers have the choice to purchase electricity from competitive electric generation suppliers. customer choice programs do not impact the volume of deliveries as comed remains the distribution service provider for all customers and charges a regulated rate for distribution service, which is recorded in operating revenues. for customers that choose to purchase electric generation from competitive suppliers, comed acts as the billing agent and therefore does not record operating revenues or purchased power expense related to the electricity. for customers that choose to purchase electric generation from comed, comed is permitted to recover the electricity, zec, and rec procurement costs without mark-up and therefore records equal and offsetting amounts in operating revenues and purchased power expense related to the electricity, zecs, and recs.
see note 5 - segment information of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for the presentation of comed's revenue disaggregation.
the increase of $57 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, as compared to the same period in 2019, in purchased power expense is offset in operating revenues as part of regulatory required programs.
comed the changes in operating and maintenance expense consisted of the following:
bsc costs                                                                   20
labor, other benefits, contracting, and materials                            7
pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense                      5
storm-related costs(b)                                                    (12)
regulatory required programs(d)                                            (1)
(a)see note 19 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(b)for the year ended december 31, 2020, the decrease primarily reflects lower storm costs as a result of the august 2020 storm costs being reclassified to a regulatory asset.
(c)for the year ended december 31, 2020, the decrease primarily reflects lower travel costs offset by an impairment charge related to acquisition of transmission assets.
(d)comed is allowed to recover from or refund to customers the difference between its annual credit loss expense and the amounts collected in rates annually through a rider mechanism.
the changes in depreciation and amortization expense consisted of the following:
increase regulatory asset amortization(a)                        $64
(a)includes amortization of comed's energy efficiency formula rate regulatory asset and amortization related to the august 2020 storm regulatory asset.
(b)reflects ongoing capital expenditures.
interest expense, net increased $23 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, as compared to the same period in 2019, primarily due to the issuance of debt in february 2020.
effective income tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, were 28.8% and 19.2%, respectively. see note 14 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the components of the effective income tax rates.
gain on sales of assets                           -                       1                                   (1)
income before income taxes                      417                     593                                 (176)
year ended december 31, 2020 compared to year ended december 31, 2019. net income decreased by $81 million primarily due to unfavorable weather conditions, higher storm costs due to the june and august 2020 storms net of tax repairs, increased depreciation and amortization expense, and increased interest expense, partially offset by favorable volume and an increase in the tax repairs deduction.
the changes in operating revenues consisted of the following:
regulatory required programs             65                       (77)                      (12)
weather. the demand for electricity and natural gas is affected by weather conditions. with respect to the electric business, very warm weather in summer months and, with respect to the electric and natural gas businesses, very cold weather in winter months are referred to as "favorable weather conditions" because these weather conditions result in increased deliveries of electricity and natural gas. conversely, mild weather reduces demand. for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019, operating revenues related to weather decreased due to the impact of unfavorable weather conditions in peco's service territory.
heating and cooling degree days are quantitative indices that reflect the demand for energy needed to heat or cool a home or business. normal weather is determined based on historical average heating and cooling degree days for a 30-year period in peco's service territory. the changes in heating and cooling degree days in peco's service territory for the years ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019 and normal weather consisted of the following:
peco for the years ended december 31,                                                             % change heating and cooling degree-days                   2020   2019                                      normal        2020 vs. 2019                  2019 vs. normal heating degree-days                        3,959                               4,307           4,437              (8.1)      %                   (10.8)       %
volume. electric volume, exclusive of the effects of weather, for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019, increased due to an increase in usage for residential customers during covid-19 further increased by customer growth. natural gas volume for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019, decreased on a net basis due to a decrease in usage for the commercial and industrial natural gas classes during covid-19.
electric retail deliveries to customers (in gwhs)                 2020                    2019                 % change 2020 vs. 2019                 weather - normal % change(b)
public authorities &amp; electric railroads                    575                      725                          (20.7)         %                           (20.7)           %
(a)reflects delivery volumes and revenue from customers purchasing electricity directly from peco and customers purchasing electricity from a competitive electric generation supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges.
(b)reflects the change in delivery volumes assuming normalized weather based on the historical 30-year average.
as of december 31, number of electric customers                                   2020   2019
public authorities &amp; electric railroads             10,206                            10,039
natural gas deliveries to customers (in mmcf)                  2020                    2019        % change 2020 vs. 2019                 weather - normal % change(b)
(a)reflects delivery volumes and revenue from customers purchasing electricity directly from peco and customers purchasing electricity from a competitive electric generation supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges.
(b)reflects the change in delivery volumes assuming normalized weather based on the historical 30-year average.
peco as of december 31, number of gas customers                             2020                            2019
pricing for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019 increased primarily due to higher overall effective rates due to decreased usage across all major customer classes. additionally, the increase represents revenue from higher natural gas distribution rates.
transmission revenue. under a ferc approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs and capital investments being recovered. peco's transmission formula rate filing was approved in the fourth quarter of 2019.
other revenue primarily includes revenue related to late payment charges. other revenues for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019, decreased as peco ceased new late fees for all customers and restored service to customers upon request who were disconnected in the last twelve months beginning march of 2020.
regulatory required programs represents revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory programs such as energy efficiency, pgc, and the gsa. the riders are designed to provide full and current cost recovery as well as a return. the costs of these programs are included in purchased power and fuel expense, operating and maintenance expense, depreciation and amortization expense, and income taxes. customers have the choice to purchase electricity and natural gas from competitive electric generation and natural gas suppliers. customer choice programs do not impact the volume of deliveries as peco remains the distribution service provider for all customers and charges a regulated rate for distribution service, which is recorded in operating revenues. for customers that choose to purchase electric generation or natural gas from competitive suppliers, peco acts as the billing agent and therefore does not record operating revenues or purchased power and fuel expense related to the electricity and/or natural gas. for customers that choose to purchase electric generation or natural gas from peco, peco is permitted to recover the electricity, natural gas, and rec procurement costs without mark-up and therefore records equal and offsetting amounts in operating revenues and purchased power and fuel expense related to the electricity, natural gas, and recs.
see note 5-segment information of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for the presentation of peco's revenue disaggregation.
the decrease of $11 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019, respectively, in purchased power and fuel expense is fully offset in operating revenues as part of regulatory required programs.
peco the changes in operating and maintenance expense consisted of the following:
storm-related costs(a)                                                     $82
labor, other benefits, contracting, and materials                           23
credit loss expense(b)                                                      12
bsc costs                                                                    1
pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense                    (4)
regulatory required programs                                               (7)
(a)reflects increased storm costs due to june and august 2020 storms.
(b)increased credit loss expense primarily as a result of suspending customer disconnections, partially offset by the regulatory asset recorded in 2020 related to incremental credit loss expense due to covid-19. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
the changes in depreciation and amortization expense consisted of the following:
regulatory asset amortization                      (2)
(a)depreciation and amortization expense increased primarily due to ongoing capital expenditures.
interest expense, net increased $11 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019, respectively, primarily due to the issuance of debt in june 2020.
effective income tax rates were (7.2)% and 11.0% for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. see note 14 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information of the change in effective income tax rates.
income before income taxes                      390                     439                                  (49)
year ended december 31, 2020 compared to year ended december 31, 2019. net income remained relatively consistent primarily due to higher natural gas and electric distribution rates, partially offset by increased depreciation and amortization expense, increased interest expense, increased expense due to a commitment to a multi-year small business grants program, and a decrease in other revenues.
the changes in operating revenues consisted of the following:
regulatory required programs           (55)                       (11)                      (66)
bge revenue decoupling. the demand for electricity and natural gas is affected by weather and customer usage. however, operating revenues are not impacted by abnormal weather or usage per customer as a result of a bill stabilization adjustment (bsa) that provides for a fixed distribution charge per customer by customer class. while operating revenues are not impacted by abnormal weather or usage per customer, they are impacted by changes in the number of customers.
as of december 31, number of electric customers                                   2020                              2019
public authorities &amp; electric railroads                267                               268
as of december 31, number of gas customers                             2020   2019
distribution revenue increased for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019, primarily due to the impact of higher natural gas and electric distribution rates that became effective in december 2019.
transmission revenue. under a ferc-approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs, capital investments being recovered, and the highest daily peak load, which is updated annually in january based on the prior calendar year. generally, increases/decreases in the highest daily peak load will result in higher/lower transmission revenue. transmission revenue decreased for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019, primarily due to the settlement agreement of transmission-related income tax regulatory liabilities, partially offset by higher fully recoverable costs. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
other revenue includes revenue related to late payment charges, mutual assistance, off-system sales, and service application fees. other revenue decreased for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019, as bge temporarily suspended customer disconnections for non-payment beginning march of 2020 and temporarily ceased new late fees for all customers and restored service to customers upon request who were disconnected in the last twelve months.
regulatory required programs represent revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory programs such as conservation, demand response, stride, and the polr mechanism. the riders are designed to provide full and current cost recovery, as well as a return in certain instances. the costs of these programs are included in purchased power and fuel expense, operating and maintenance expense, depreciation and amortization expense, and taxes other than income taxes. customers have the choice to purchase electricity and natural gas from competitive electric generation and natural gas suppliers. customer choice programs do not impact the volume of deliveries as bge remains the distribution service provider for all customers and charges a regulated rate for distribution service, which is recorded in operating revenues. for customers that choose to purchase electric generation or natural gas from competitive suppliers, bge acts as the billing agent and therefore does not record operating revenues or purchased power and fuel expense related to the electricity and/or natural gas. for customers that choose to purchase electric generation or natural gas from bge, bge is permitted to recover the electricity and natural gas procurement costs from customers and therefore records the amounts related to the electricity and/or natural gas in operating revenues and purchased power and fuel expense. bge recovers electricity and natural gas procurement costs from customers with a slight mark-up.
bge see note 5 - segment information of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for the presentation of bge's revenue disaggregation.
the decrease of $61 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019, respectively, in purchased power and fuel expense is fully offset in operating revenues as part of regulatory required programs.
the changes in operating and maintenance expense consisted of the following:
small business grants commitment(a)                                        $15
bsc costs                                                                   13
credit loss expense(b)                                                       7
labor, other benefits, contracting, and materials                          (1)
pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense                    (2)
regulatory required programs                                               (3)
(a)reflects increased charitable contributions as a result of a commitment in 2020 to a multi-year small business grants program.
(b)increased credit loss expense primarily as a result of suspending customer disconnections, partially offset by the regulatory asset recorded in 2020 related to incremental credit loss expense due to covid-19. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
the changes in depreciation and amortization expense consisted of the following:
regulatory required programs                    10
regulatory asset amortization                    3
(a)depreciation and amortization increased primarily due to ongoing capital expenditures.
taxes other than income increased for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019, primarily due to higher property taxes.
interest expense, net increased for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019, primarily due to the issuance of debt in september 2019 and june 2020.
effective income tax rates were 10.5% and 18.0% for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. the change is primarily related to the settlement agreement of transmission-related income tax regulatory liabilities. see note 3 - regulatory matters and note 14 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the components of the effective income tax rates.
phi results of operations-phi phi's results of operations include the results of its three reportable segments, pepco, dpl, and ace. phi also has a business services subsidiary, phisco, which provides a variety of support services and the costs are directly charged or allocated to the applicable subsidiaries. additionally, the results of phi's corporate operations include interest costs from various financing activities. all material intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. the following table sets forth phi's gaap consolidated net income by registrant for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019. see the results of operations for pepco, dpl, and ace for additional information.
(a)primarily includes eliminating and consolidating adjustments, phi's corporate operations, shared service entities, and other financing and investing activities.
year ended december 31, 2020 compared to year ended december 31, 2019. net income increased by $18 million primarily due to higher electric distribution rates, higher transmission rates (net of the impact of the settlement agreement of ongoing transmission-related income tax regulatory liabilities), and decreased expense resulting from an absence of an increase in environmental liabilities, and a gain on sale of land at pepco in the fourth quarter of 2020, partially offset by an increase in depreciation and amortization expense, an increase in dpl storm costs related to the august 2020 storms in delaware, an increase in credit loss expense primarily as a result of suspending customer disconnections partially offset by the regulatory asset recorded in 2020 related to incremental credit loss expense due to covid-19, and unfavorable weather conditions in ace and dpl delaware's service territories.
gain on sales of assets                           9                       -                                     9
income before income taxes                      259                     259                                     -
year ended december 31, 2020 compared to year ended december 31, 2019. net income increased by $23 million primarily due to decreased expense resulting from an absence of an increase in environmental liabilities, increased electric distribution revenues, and a gain on sale of land in the fourth quarter of 2020, partially offset by an increase in depreciation and amortization expense and an increase in credit loss expense primarily as a result of suspending customer disconnections partially offset by the regulatory asset recorded in 2020 related to incremental credit loss expense due to covid-19.
the changes in operating revenues consisted of the following:
regulatory required programs                   (91)
revenue decoupling. the demand for electricity is affected by weather and customer usage. however, operating revenues from electric distribution in both maryland and the district of columbia are not impacted by abnormal weather or usage per customer as a result of a bill stabilization adjustment (bsa) that provides for a fixed distribution charge per customer by customer class. while operating revenues are not impacted by abnormal weather or usage per customer, they are impacted by changes in the number of customers.
as of december 31, number of electric customers                                 2020                            2019
public authorities &amp; electric railroads              168                             160
pepco distribution revenue increased for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019, primarily due to higher electric distribution rates in maryland that became effective in august 2019 and customer growth in the district of columbia.
transmission revenue. under a ferc-approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs, capital investments being recovered, and the highest daily peak load, which is updated annually in january based on the prior calendar year. generally, increases/decreases in the highest daily peak load will result in higher/lower transmission revenue. transmission revenue decreased for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019 primary due to the settlement agreement of transmission-related income tax regulatory liabilities. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
other revenue includes rental revenue, revenue related to late payment charges, mutual assistance revenues, and recoveries of other taxes. other revenue decreased for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019, as pepco temporarily suspended customer disconnections for non-payment beginning march of 2020 and temporarily ceased new late fees for all customers and restored services to customers upon request who were disconnected in the last twelve months.
regulatory required programs represent revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory programs such as energy efficiency programs, dc plug, and sos procurement and administrative costs. the riders are designed to provide full and current cost recovery as well as a return in certain instances. the costs of these programs are included in purchased power expense, operating and maintenance expense, depreciation and amortization expense, and taxes other than income taxes. customers have the choice to purchase electricity from competitive electric generation suppliers. customer choice programs do not impact the volume of deliveries, as pepco remains the distribution service provider for all customers and charges a regulated rate for distribution service, which is recorded in operating revenues. for customers that choose to purchase electric generation from competitive suppliers, pepco acts as the billing agent and therefore does not record operating revenues or purchased power expense related to the electricity. for customers that choose to purchase electric generation from pepco, pepco is permitted to recover the electricity and rec procurement costs from customers and therefore records the amounts related to the electricity and recs in operating revenues and purchased power expense. pepco recovers electricity and rec procurement costs from customers with a slight mark-up.
see note 5 - segment information of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for the presentation of pepco's revenue disaggregation.
the decrease of $63 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019, in purchased power expense is fully offset in operating revenues as part of regulatory required programs.
pepco the changes in operating and maintenance expense consisted of the following:
(decrease) increase change in environmental liabilities                                      $(22)
pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense                    (6)
bsc and phisco costs                                                       (4)
storm related costs                                                        (2)
credit loss expense(a)                                                       8
labor, other benefits, contracting, and materials                           15
regulatory required programs                                               (2)
(a)increased credit loss expense primarily as a result of suspending customer disconnections, partially offset by the regulatory asset recorded in 2020 related to incremental credit loss expense due to covid-19. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
the changes in depreciation and amortization expense consisted of the following:
regulatory asset amortization                   (2)
regulatory required programs                   (13)
(a)depreciation and amortization increased primarily due to ongoing capital expenditures.
taxes other than income decreased for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019, primarily due to lower taxes as part of regulatory required programs that are fully offset within operating revenues.
interest expense, net increased for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019, primarily due to issuance of debt in june 2019, february 2020, and june 2020.
gain on sales of assets for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019 increased due the sale of land in the fourth quarter of 2020.
effective income tax rates were (2.7)% and 6.2% for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. the change is primarily related to the settlement agreement of ongoing transmission-related income tax regulatory liabilities. see note 3 - regulatory matters and note 14 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the components of the change in effective income tax rates.
income before income taxes                      100                     169                                  (69)
year ended december 31, 2020 compared to year ended december 31, 2019. net income decreased by $22 million primarily due to an increase in storm costs related to the august 2020 storms in delaware, an increase in credit loss expense primarily as a result of suspending customer disconnections partially offset by the regulatory asset recorded in 2020 related to incremental credit loss expense due to covid-19, unfavorable weather conditions in dpl's delaware electric service territory, and an increase in depreciation and amortization expense, partially offset by higher electric distribution rates and an increase in transmission rates (net of the impact of the settlement agreement of transmission-related income tax regulatory liabilities).
the changes in operating revenues consisted of the following:
regulatory required programs           (17)                        (5)                      (22)
revenue decoupling. the demand for electricity is affected by weather and customer usage. however, operating revenues from electric distribution in maryland are not impacted by abnormal weather or usage per customer as a result of a bill stabilization adjustment (bsa) that provides for a fixed distribution charge per customer by customer class. while operating revenues from electric distribution in maryland are not impacted by abnormal weather or usage per customer, they are impacted by changes in the number of customers.
weather. the demand for electricity and natural gas in delaware is affected by weather conditions. with respect to the electric business, very warm weather in summer months and, with respect to the electric and natural gas businesses, very cold weather in winter months are referred to as "favorable weather conditions" because these weather conditions result in increased deliveries of electricity and natural gas. conversely, mild weather reduces demand. during the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019, operating revenues related to weather decreased primarily due to unfavorable weather conditions in dpl's delaware service territory.
dpl heating and cooling degree days are quantitative indices that reflect the demand for energy needed to heat or cool a home or business. normal weather is determined based on historical average heating and cooling degree days for a 20-year period in dpl's delaware electric service territory and a 30-year period in dpl's delaware natural gas service territory. the changes in heating and cooling degree days in dpl's delaware service territory for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to same period in 2019 and normal weather consisted of the following:
for the years ended december 31,                                                             % change delaware electric service territory                  2020                                2019         normal        2020 vs. 2019                  2020 vs. normal heating degree-days                           4,146                               4,475           4,652              (7.4)      %                   (10.9)       %
for the years ended december 31,                                                             % change delaware natural gas service territory                  2020                                2019   normal              2020 vs. 2019                  2020 vs. normal heating degree-days                              4,146                               4,475         4,675                (7.4)      %                   (11.3)       %
volume, exclusive of the effects of weather, remained relatively consistent for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019.
electric retail deliveries to delaware customers (in gwhs)               2020                  2019        % change 2020 vs. 2019                weather - normal % change (b)
public authorities &amp; electric railroads                            32                     34                  (5.9)         %                            (5.9)           %
as of december 31, number of total electric customers (maryland and delaware)                  2020                            2019
public authorities &amp; electric railroads                             609                             613
(a)reflects delivery volumes from customers purchasing electricity directly from dpl and customers purchasing electricity from a competitive electric generation supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges.
(b)reflects the change in delivery volumes assuming normalized weather based on the historical 20-year average.
natural gas retail deliveries to delaware customers (in mmcf)                 2020   2019                         % change 2020 vs. 2019                 weather - normal % change(b)
dpl as of december 31, number of delaware natural gas customers                  2020                            2019
(a)reflects delivery volumes from customers purchasing natural gas directly from dpl and customers purchasing natural gas from a competitive natural gas supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges.
(b)reflects the change in delivery volumes assuming normalized weather based on the historical 30-year average.
distribution revenue increased for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019 primarily due to higher electric distribution rates in maryland that became effective in july 2020, higher electric and natural gas distribution rates in delaware that became effective in the second half of 2020, and the distribution system improvement charge (dsic) rate increases during 2020.
transmission revenue. under a ferc-approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs, capital investments being recovered, and the highest daily peak load, which is updated annually in january based on the prior calendar years. generally, increases/decreases in the highest daily peak load will result in higher/lower transmission revenue. transmission revenue decreased for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019 primarily due to the settlement agreement of transmission-related income tax regulatory liabilities, partially offset by higher fully recoverable costs. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
regulatory required programs represent revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory programs such as energy efficiency programs, de renewable portfolio standards, sos procurement and administrative costs, and gcr costs. the riders are designed to provide full and current cost recovery as well as a return in certain instances. the costs of these programs are included in purchased power and fuel expense, operating and maintenance expense, depreciation and amortization expense, and taxes other than income taxes. customers have the choice to purchase electricity from competitive electric generation suppliers. customer choice programs do not impact the volume of deliveries as dpl remains the distribution service provider for all customers and charges a regulated rate for distribution service, which is recorded in operating revenues. for customers that choose to purchase electric generation or natural gas from competitive suppliers, dpl acts as the billing agent and therefore does not record operating revenues or purchased power and fuel expense related to the electricity and/or natural gas. for customers that choose to purchase electric generation or natural gas from dpl, dpl is permitted to recover the electricity, natural gas, and rec procurement costs from customers and therefore records the amounts related to the electricity, natural gas, and recs in operating revenues and purchased power and fuel expense. dpl recovers electricity and rec procurement costs from customers with a slight mark-up and natural gas costs without mark-up.
see note 5 - segment information of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for the presentation of dpl's revenue disaggregation.
the decrease of $23 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019, in purchased power and fuel expense is fully offset in operating revenues as part of regulatory required programs.
dpl the changes in operating and maintenance expense consisted of the following:
storm-related costs                                                    $19
labor, other benefits, contracting, and materials                       14
credit loss expense(a)                                                   8
pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense                (4)
bsc and phisco costs                                                   (1)
regulatory required programs                                             3
(a)increased credit loss expense primarily as a result of suspending customer disconnections, partially offset by the regulatory asset recorded in 2020 related to incremental credit loss expense due to covid-19. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
the changes in depreciation and amortization expense consisted of the following:
regulatory asset amortization                  (1)
regulatory required programs                   (2)
(a)depreciation and amortization increased primarily due to ongoing capital expenditures.
taxes other than income taxes increased for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019 primarily due to higher property taxes for maryland and delaware.
effective income tax rates were (25.0)% and 13.0% for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. the decrease for the year ended december 31, 2020 is primarily related to the settlement agreement of transmission-related income tax regulatory liabilities. see note 3 - regulatory matters and note 14 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the components of the change in effective income tax rates.
gain on sale of assets                            2                       -                               2
income before income taxes                       71                      99                            (28)
year ended december 31, 2020 compared to year ended december 31, 2019. net income increased $13 million primarily due to higher electric distribution rates and an increase in transmission rates (net of the impact of the settlement agreement of transmission-related income tax regulatory liabilities), partially offset by an increase in depreciation and amortization expense and unfavorable weather conditions in ace's service territory.
the changes in operating revenues consisted of the following:
regulatory required programs                      6
weather.  the demand for electricity is affected by weather conditions. with respect to the electric business, very warm weather in summer months and very cold weather in winter months are referred to as "favorable weather conditions" because these weather conditions result in increased deliveries of electricity. conversely, mild weather reduces demand. there was a decrease related to weather for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019 due to the impact of unfavorable weather conditions in ace's service territory.
ace heating and cooling degree days are quantitative indices that reflect the demand for energy needed to heat or cool a home or business. normal weather is determined based on historical average heating and cooling degree days for a 20-year period in ace's service territory. the changes in heating and cooling degree days in ace's service territory for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to same period in 2019, and normal weather consisted of the following:
for the years ended december 31,         normal                                                                   % change heating and cooling degree-days                   2020                                2019                       2020 vs. 2019                       2020 vs. normal heating degree-days                        4,029                               4,467           4,667                               (9.8)   %                              (13.7)   %
volume, exclusive of the effects of weather, remained relatively consistent for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019.
electric retail deliveries to customers (in gwhs)               2020                  2019                 % change 2020 vs. 2019                 weather - normal % change(b)
public authorities &amp; electric railroads                   47                     47                               -         %                            (0.2)           %
as of december 31, number of electric customers                                 2020                            2019
public authorities &amp; electric railroads              701                             679
(a)reflects delivery volumes from customers purchasing electricity directly from ace and customers purchasing electricity from a competitive electric generation supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges.
(b)reflects the change in delivery volumes assuming normalized weather based on the historical 20-year average.
distribution revenue increased for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019 primarily due to higher electric distribution rates that became effective in april 2019 and april 2020.
transmission revenue.  under a ferc-approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs, capital investments being recovered and the highest daily peak load, which is updated annually in january based on the prior calendar year. generally, increases/decreases in the highest daily peak load will result in higher/lower transmission revenue. transmission revenue decreased for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019 primarily due to the settlement agreement for transmission-related income tax regulatory liabilities, partially offset by higher fully recoverable costs. see note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
regulatory required programs represent revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory programs such as energy efficiency programs, societal benefits charge, transition bonds, and bgs procurement and administrative costs. the riders are designed to provide full and current cost recovery as well as a return in certain instances. the costs of these programs are included in purchased power expense, operating and maintenance expense, depreciation and amortization expense, and taxes other than income taxes. customers have the choice to purchase electricity from competitive electric generation suppliers.
ace customer choice programs do not impact the volume of deliveries, as ace remains the distribution service provider for all customers and charges a regulated rate for distribution service, which is recorded in operating revenues. for customers that choose to purchase electric generation from competitive suppliers, ace acts as the billing agent and therefore does not record operating revenues or purchased power expense related to the electricity. for customers that choose to purchase electric generation from ace, ace is permitted to recover the electricity, zec, and rec procurement costs without mark-up and therefore records equal and offsetting amounts in operating revenues and purchased power expense related to the electricity, zecs, and recs.
see note 5 - segment information of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for the presentation of ace's revenue disaggregation.
the increase of $1 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to same period in 2019, in purchased power expense is fully offset in operating revenues as part of regulatory required programs.
the changes in operating and maintenance expense consisted of the following:
labor, other benefits, contracting and materials                            $6
storm-related costs                                                          3
pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense                    (1)
regulatory required programs(a)                                              -
(a)ace is allowed to recover from or refund to customers the difference between its annual credit loss expense and the amounts collected in rates annually through the societal benefits charge.
the changes in depreciation and amortization expense consisted of the following:
regulatory asset amortization                      (2)
regulatory required programs                         8
(a)depreciation and amortization increased primarily due to ongoing capital expenditures.
gain on sale of assets for year ended december 31, 2020 compared to same period in 2019 increased due to the sale of land in the first quarter of 2020.
effective income tax rates were (57.7)% and 0.0% for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. the change is primarily related to the settlement agreement of transmission-related income tax regulatory liabilities. see note 3 - regulatory matters and note 14 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the components of the change in effective income tax rates.
liquidity and capital resources all results included throughout the liquidity and capital resources section are presented on a gaap basis.
the registrants' operating and capital expenditures requirements are provided by internally generated cash flows from operations, the sale of certain receivables, as well as funds from external sources in the capital markets and through bank borrowings. the registrants' businesses are capital intensive and require considerable capital resources. each of the registrants annually evaluates its financing plan, dividend practices, and credit line sizing, focusing on maintaining its investment grade ratings while meeting its cash needs to fund capital requirements, retire debt, pay dividends, fund pension and opeb obligations, and invest in new and existing ventures. a broad spectrum of financing alternatives beyond the core financing options can be used to meet its needs and fund growth including monetizing assets in the portfolio via project financing, asset sales, and the use of other financing structures (e.g., joint ventures, minority partners, etc.). each registrant's access to external financing on reasonable terms depends on its credit ratings and current overall capital market business conditions, including that of the utility industry in general. if these conditions deteriorate to the extent that the registrants no longer have access to the capital markets at reasonable terms, the registrants have access to credit facilities with aggregate bank commitments of $10.6 billion. as a result of disruptions in the commercial paper markets due to covid-19 in march of 2020, generation borrowed $1.5 billion on its revolving credit facility to refinance commercial paper. generation repaid the $1.5 billion borrowed on the revolving credit facility on april 3, 2020 using funds from short-term loans issued in march 2020, cash proceeds from the sale of certain customer accounts receivable, and borrowings from the exelon intercompany money pool. see note 6 - accounts receivable of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the sale of customer accounts receivable. see executive overview for additional information on covid-19. the registrants continue to utilize their credit facilities to support their commercial paper programs, provide for other short-term borrowings, and to issue letters of credit. see the "credit matters" section below for additional information. the registrants expect cash flows to be sufficient to meet operating expenses, financing costs, and capital expenditure requirements.
the registrants primarily use their capital resources, including cash, to fund capital requirements, including construction expenditures, retire debt, pay dividends, fund pension and opeb obligations, and invest in new and existing ventures. the registrants spend a significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment. additionally, the utility registrants operate in rate-regulated environments in which the amount of new investment recovery may be delayed or limited and where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time. see note 17 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information of the registrants' debt and credit agreements.
despite disruptions in the financial markets due to covid-19, the registrants issued long-term debt of $5.3 billion and were able to successfully complete their planned long-term debt issuances in 2020.
nrc minimum funding requirements (exelon and generation)
nrc regulations require that licensees of nuclear generating facilities demonstrate reasonable assurance that sufficient funds will be available in certain minimum amounts to decommission the facility. these nrc minimum funding levels are typically based upon the assumption that decommissioning activities will commence after the end of the current licensed life of each unit. if a unit fails the nrc minimum funding test, then the plant's owners or parent companies would be required to take steps, such as providing financial guarantees through letters of credit or parent company guarantees or making additional cash contributions to the ndt fund to ensure sufficient funds are available. see note 10 - asset retirement obligations of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
if a nuclear plant were to early retire there is a risk that it will no longer meet the nrc minimum funding requirements due to the earlier commencement of decommissioning activities and a shorter time period over which the ndt funds could appreciate in value. a shortfall could require that generation address the shortfall by, among other things, obtaining a parental guarantee for generation's share of the funding assurance. however, the amount of any guarantees or other assurance will ultimately depend on the decommissioning approach, the associated level of costs, and the ndt fund investment performance going forward. within two years after shutting down a plant, generation must submit a psdar to the nrc that includes the planned option for decommissioning the site. upon retirement, dresden will have adequate funding assurance, however, due to the earlier commencement of decommissioning activities and a shorter time period over which the ndt fund investments could appreciate in value, byron may no longer meet the nrc minimum funding requirements and, as a result, the nrc may require additional financial assurance including possibly a parental guarantee from exelon. considering the different approaches to decommissioning available to generation, the most likely estimates currently anticipated could require financial assurance for radiological decommissioning at byron of up to $90 million.
upon issuance of any required financial guarantees, each site would be able to utilize the respective ndt funds for radiological decommissioning costs, which represent the majority of the total expected decommissioning costs. however, under the regulations, the nrc must approve an exemption in order for generation to utilize the ndt funds to pay for non-radiological decommissioning costs (i.e. spent fuel management and site restoration costs, if applicable). if a unit does not receive this exemption, those costs would be borne by generation without reimbursement from or access to the ndt funds. accordingly, based on current projections of the most likely decommissioning approach, it is expected that dresden would not require supplemental cash from generation, but some portion of the byron spent fuel management costs would need to be funded through supplemental cash from generation. while the ultimate amounts may vary and could be offset by reimbursement of certain spent fuel management costs under the doe settlement agreement, decommissioning for byron may require supplemental cash from generation of up to $185 million, net of taxes, over a period of 10 years after permanent shutdown.
as of december 31, 2020, exelon would not be required to post a parental guarantee for tmi unit 1 under the safstor scenario which is the planned decommissioning option as described in the tmi unit 1 psdar filed by generation with the nrc on april 5, 2019. on october 16, 2019, the nrc granted generation's exemption request to use the tmi unit 1 ndt funds for spent fuel management costs. an additional exemption request would be required to allow the funds to be spent on site restoration costs, which are not expected to be incurred in the near term.
project financing is used to help mitigate risk of specific generating assets. project financing is based upon a nonrecourse financial structure, in which project debt is paid back from the cash generated by the specific asset or portfolio of assets. borrowings under these agreements are secured by the assets and equity of each respective project. the lenders do not have recourse against exelon or generation in the event of a default. if a specific project financing entity does not maintain compliance with its specific debt financing covenants, there could be a requirement to accelerate repayment of the associated debt or other project-related borrowings earlier than the stated maturity dates. in these instances, if such repayment was not satisfied, or restructured, the lenders or security holders would generally have rights to foreclose against the project-specific assets and related collateral. the potential requirement to satisfy its associated debt or other borrowings earlier than otherwise anticipated could lead to impairments due to a higher likelihood of disposing of the respective project-specific assets significantly before the end of their useful lives. additionally, project finance has credit facilities. see note 17 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on nonrecourse debt and credit facilities.
cash flows from operating activities (all registrants)
generation's cash flows from operating activities primarily result from the sale of electric energy and energy-related products and services to customers. generation's future cash flows from operating activities may be affected by future demand for and market prices of energy and its ability to continue to produce and supply power at competitive costs as well as to obtain collections from customers.
the utility registrants' cash flows from operating activities primarily result from the transmission and distribution of electricity and, in the case of peco, bge, and dpl, gas distribution services. the utility registrants' distribution services are provided to an established and diverse base of retail customers. the utility registrants' future cash flows may be affected by the economy, weather conditions, future legislative initiatives, future regulatory proceedings with respect to their rates or operations, and their ability to achieve operating cost reductions.
see note 3 - regulatory matters and note 19 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information of regulatory and legal proceedings and proposed legislation.
the following table provides a summary of the change in cash flows from operating activities for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019 by registrant:
(decrease) increase in cash flows from operating activities                             exelon                   generation                    comed                   peco                    bge                      phi                  pepco                    dpl           ace net income                                                                       $(1,074)                      $(638)                     $(250)                  $(81)                  $(11)                      $18                    $23                  $(22)           $13
non-cash operating activities                                                         273                         328         156                                  (42)                   (33)                    (120)                  (123)                     25           (3)
pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions                        (193)                        (80)                       (71)                     10                   (30)                     (14)                      3                      1           (1)
changes in working capital and other noncurrent assets and liabilities            (2,456)                     (2,633)                       (93)                     74                     79       42                                     96                     11          (68)
option premiums paid, net                                                           (110)                       (110)                          -                      -                      -                        -                      -                      -             -
(decrease) increase in cash flows from operating activities                      $(2,424)                    $(2,289)                     $(379)                    $26                   $136                   $(115)                  $(11)                  $(22)         $(62)
changes in the registrants' cash flows from operations were generally consistent with changes in each registrant's respective results of operations, as adjusted by changes in working capital in the normal course of business, except as discussed below. in addition, significant operating cash flow impacts for the registrants for 2020 and 2019 were as follows:
•see note 24 -supplemental financial information of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements and the registrants' consolidated statement of cash flows for additional information on non-cash operating activity.
•see note 14 -income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements and the registrants' consolidated statement of cash flows for additional information on income taxes.
•depending upon whether generation is in a net mark-to-market liability or asset position, collateral may be required to be posted with or collected from its counterparties. in addition, the collateral posting and collection requirements differ depending on whether the transactions are on an exchange or in the otc markets.
•during 2020, exelon and generation derecognized approximately $1.2 billion of accounts receivable. see note 6 - accounts receivable for additional information on the sales of customer accounts receivable.
pension and other postretirement benefits management considers various factors when making pension funding decisions, including actuarially determined minimum contribution requirements under erisa, contributions required to avoid benefit restrictions and at-risk status as defined by the pension protection act of 2006 (the act), management of the pension obligation, and regulatory implications. the act requires the attainment of certain funding levels to avoid benefit restrictions (such as an inability to pay lump sums or to accrue benefits prospectively), and at-risk status (which triggers higher minimum contribution requirements and participant notification). the projected contributions below reflect a funding strategy to make levelized annual contributions with the objective of achieving 100% funded status on an abo basis over time. this level funding strategy helps minimize volatility of future period required pension contributions. based on this funding strategy and current market conditions, which are subject to change, exelon's estimated annual qualified pension contributions will be approximately $500 million in 2021. unlike the qualified pension plans, exelon's non-qualified pension plans are not funded, given that they are not subject to statutory minimum contribution requirements.
while opeb plans are also not subject to statutory minimum contribution requirements, exelon does fund certain of its plans. for exelon's funded opeb plans, contributions generally equal accounting costs, however, exelon's management has historically considered several factors in determining the level of contributions to its opeb plans, including liabilities management, levels of benefit claims paid, and regulatory implications (amounts deemed prudent to meet regulatory expectations and best assure continued rate recovery). the amounts below include benefit payments related to unfunded plans.
the following table provides all registrants' planned contributions to the qualified pension plans, planned benefit payments to non-qualified pension plans, and planned contributions to opeb plans in 2021:
to the extent interest rates decline significantly or the pension and opeb plans earn less than the expected asset returns, annual pension contribution requirements in future years could increase. conversely, to the extent interest rates increase significantly or the pension and opeb plans earn greater than the expected asset returns, annual pension and opeb contribution requirements in future years could decrease. additionally, expected contributions could change if exelon changes its pension or opeb funding strategy.
cash flows from investing activities (all registrants)
the following table provides a summary of the change in cash flows from investing activities for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019 by registrant:
increase (decrease) in cash flows from investing activities               exelon                 generation   comed                             peco   bge                      phi             pepco           dpl                    ace capital expenditures                                                 $(800)                       $98         $(302)                      $(208)       $(102)                   $(249)          $(147)          $(76)                  $(26)
acquisitions of assets and businesses, net                               41                        41         -                                -       -                        -               -               -                      -
proceeds from sales of assets and businesses                            (7)                       (6)         -                                -       -                        -               -               -                      -
changes in intercompany money pool                                        -                         -         -                              136       -                        -               -               -                      -
other investing activities                                                6                         8         (27)                             8       (6)             10                       (3)             (4)           7
increase (decrease) in cash flows from investing activities          $2,924                    $3,825         $(329)                       $(64)       $(108)                   $(239)          $(150)          $(80)                  $(19)
significant investing cash flow impacts for the registrants for 2020 and 2019 were as follows:
•variances in capital expenditures are primarily due to the timing of cash expenditures for capital projects. refer below for additional information on projected capital expenditure spending.
•changes in intercompany money pool are driven by short-term borrowing needs. refer to more information regarding the intercompany money pool below.
capital expenditure spending the registrants most recent estimates of capital expenditures for plant additions and improvements for 2021 are approximately as follows:
projected capital expenditures and other investments are subject to periodic review and revision to reflect changes in economic conditions and other factors.
generation approximately 48% of projected 2021 capital expenditures at generation are for the acquisition of nuclear fuel, with the remaining amounts primarily reflecting additions and upgrades to existing generation facilities (including material condition improvements during nuclear refueling outages). generation anticipates that it will fund capital expenditures with internally generated funds and borrowings.
utility registrants projected 2021 capital expenditures at the utility registrants are for continuing projects to maintain and improve operations, including enhancing reliability and adding capacity to the transmission and distribution systems such as the utility registrants' construction commitments under pjm's rtep.
the utility registrants as transmission owners are subject to nerc compliance requirements. nerc provides guidance to transmission owners regarding assessments of transmission lines. the results of these assessments could require the utility registrants to incur incremental capital or operating and maintenance expenditures to ensure their transmission lines meet nerc standards. in 2010, nerc provided guidance to transmission owners that recommended the utility registrants perform assessments of their transmission lines. comed, peco, and bge submitted their final bi-annual reports to nerc in january 2014. peco will be incurring incremental capital expenditures associated with this guidance following the completion of the assessments. specific projects and expenditures are identified as the assessments are completed. peco's forecasted 2021 capital expenditures above reflect capital spending for remediation to be completed through 2021. comed, bge, pepco, dpl, and ace are complete with their assessments and do not expect capital expenditures related to this guidance in 2021.
the utility registrants anticipate that they will fund their capital expenditures with a combination of internally generated funds and borrowings and additional capital contributions from parent.
cash flows from financing activities (all registrants)
the following tables provides a summary of the change in cash flows from financing activities for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019 by registrant:
increase (decrease) in cash flows from financing activities             exelon                   generation                  comed                   peco            bge                              phi                  pepco                    dpl                    ace changes in short-term borrowings, net                                  $5                        $200                      $63                     $-                $(116)                      $131                  $(89)                    $34                   $186
changes in intercompany money pool                                      -                         385                        -                     40                -                            (3)                      -                      -                      -
contributions from parent/member                                        -                          23                      462                     60       218                                    96                    102                     49                   (58)
other financing activities                                          (121)                        (19)                        3                      2                -                            (5)                    (3)                    (1)                      -
increase (decrease) in cash flows from financing activities          $203                    $(1,204)                     $637                   $145                $80                         $338                   $153                   $115                    $85
significant financing cash flow impacts for the registrants for 2020 and 2019 were as follows:
•changes in short-term borrowings, net, is driven by repayments on and issuances of notes due in less than 365 days. refer to note 17 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on short-term borrowings.
•long-term debt, net, varies due to debt issuances and redemptions each year. refer to debt issuances and redemptions tables below for additional information.
•changes in intercompany money pool are driven by short-term borrowing needs. refer to more information regarding the intercompany money pool below.
•exelon's ability to pay dividends on its common stock depends on the receipt of dividends paid by its operating subsidiaries. the payments of dividends to exelon by its subsidiaries in turn depend on their results of operations and cash flows and other items affecting retained earnings. see note 19 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on dividend restrictions. see below for quarterly dividends declared.
•for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, other financing activities primarily consists of debt issuance costs. see debt issuances table below for additional information on the registrants' debt issuances.
debt issuances and redemptions see note 17 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information of the registrants' long-term debt. debt activity for 2020 and 2019 by registrant was as follows:
company           type                                                       interest rate   maturity                                    amount                                                                                                use of proceeds exelon            notes                                                        4.05      %   april 15, 2030                         $1,250                                                     repay existing indebtedness and for general corporate purposes.
exelon            notes                                                        4.70      %   april 15, 2050                                 750                                                repay existing indebtedness and for general corporate purposes.
generation        senior notes                                                 3.25      %   june 1, 2025                                   900                                                repay existing indebtedness and for general corporate purposes.
generation        egr iv nonrecourse debt(a)                                 libor + 2.75%   december 15, 2027                              750                                                repay existing indebtedness and for general corporate purposes.
generation        energy efficiency project financing(b)                       3.95      %   february 28, 2021                                3                                    funding to install energy conservation measures for the fort meade project.
generation        energy efficiency project financing(b)                       2.53      %   march 31, 2021                                   3                                  funding to install energy conservation measures for the fort ap hill project.
peco              first and refunding mortgage bonds                           2.80      %   june 15, 2050                                  350                                                                        funding for general corporate purposes.
bge               senior notes                                                 2.90      %   june 15, 2050                                  400                                         repay commercial paper obligations and for general corporate purposes.
pepco             first mortgage bonds                                         2.53      %   february 25, 2030                              150                                                repay existing indebtedness and for general corporate purposes.
pepco             first mortgage bonds                                         3.28      %   september 23, 2050                             150                                                repay existing indebtedness and for general corporate purposes.
dpl               first mortgage bonds                                         2.53      %   june 9, 2030                                   100                                                repay existing indebtedness and for general corporate purposes.
ace               first mortgage bonds                                         3.24      %   june 9, 2050                                   100                                                repay existing indebtedness and for general corporate purposes.
(a)see note 17 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information of nonrecourse debt.
(b)for energy efficiency project financing, the maturity dates represent the expected date of project completion, upon which the respective customer assumes the outstanding debt.
company           type                                                       interest rate   maturity                                  amount   use of proceeds generation        energy efficiency project financing(a)                       3.95      %   february 28, 2021                        $4        funding to install energy conservation measures for the fort meade project.
generation        energy efficiency project financing(a)                       3.46      %   february 28, 2021                             39   funding to install energy conservation measures for the marine corps. logistics project.
generation        energy efficiency project financing(a)                       2.53      %   march 31, 2021                                 2   funding to install energy conservation measures for the fort ap hill project.
peco              first and refunding mortgage bonds                           3.00      %   september 15, 2049                           325   repay short-term borrowings and for general corporate purposes.
bge               senior notes                                                 3.20      %   september 15, 2049                           400   repay commercial paper obligations and for general corporate purposes.
pepco             first mortgage bonds                                         3.45      %   june 13, 2029                                150   repay existing indebtedness and for general corporate purposes.
dpl               first mortgage bonds                                         4.14      %   december 12, 2049                             75   repay existing indebtedness and for general corporate purposes.
ace               first mortgage bonds                                         3.50      %   may 21, 2029                                 100   repay existing indebtedness and for general corporate purposes.
ace               first mortgage bonds                                         4.14      %   may 21, 2049                                  50   repay existing indebtedness and for general corporate purposes.
(a)for energy efficiency project financing, the maturity dates represent the expected date of project completion, upon which the respective customer assumes the outstanding debt.
company           type                                                          interest rate   maturity                                              amount exelon            notes                                                                 2.85%   june 15, 2020                                      $900
exelon            long-term software license agreement                                  3.95%   may 1, 2024                                               24
generation        energy efficiency project financing                                   3.71%   december 31, 2020                                          4
generation        energy efficiency project financing                                   4.12%   november 30, 2020                                          1
ace               transition bonds                                                      5.55%   october 20, 2023                                          20
(a)the senior notes are legacy constellation mirror debt that were previously held at exelon and generation. as part of the 2012 constellation merger, exelon and generation assumed intercompany loan agreements that mirrored the terms and amounts of external obligations held by exelon, resulting in intercompany notes payable at generation.
(b)see note 17 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information of nonrecourse debt.
company           type                                                          interest rate   maturity                                  amount exelon            long-term software license agreement                                  3.95%   may 1, 2024                             $18
generation        kennett square capital lease                                          7.83%   september 20, 2020                             5
generation        pollution control notes                                               2.50%   march 1, 2019                                 23
generation        energy efficiency project financing                                   3.46%   april 30, 2019                                39
generation        energy efficiency project financing                                   3.72%   july 31, 2019                                 25
generation        energy efficiency project financing                                   4.17%   october 31, 2019                               1
generation        energy efficiency project financing                                   3.53%   march 31, 2020                                 1
generation        energy efficiency project financing                                   4.26%   september 30, 2019                             1
generation        fort detrick project financing                                        3.55%   october 31, 2019                               1
ace               transition bonds                                                      5.55%   october 20, 2023                              18
(a)see note 17 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information of nonrecourse debt.
from time to time and as market conditions warrant, the registrants may engage in long-term debt retirements via tender offers, open market repurchases or other viable options to reduce debt on their respective balance sheets.
dividends quarterly dividends declared by the exelon board of directors during the year ended december 31, 2020 and for the first quarter of 2021 were as follows:
(a)exelon's board of directors approved an updated dividend policy for 2021. the 2021 quarterly dividend will remain the same as the 2020 dividend of $0.3825 per share.
credit matters (all registrants)
the registrants fund liquidity needs for capital investment, working capital, energy hedging, and other financial commitments through cash flows from continuing operations, public debt offerings, commercial paper markets, and large, diversified credit facilities. the credit facilities include $10.6 billion in aggregate total commitments of which $7.7 billion was available to support additional commercial paper as of december 31, 2020, and of which no financial institution has more than 7% of the aggregate commitments for the registrants. the registrants had access to the commercial paper markets and had availability under their revolving credit facilities during 2020 to fund their short-term liquidity needs, when necessary. the registrants routinely review the sufficiency of their liquidity position, including appropriate sizing of credit facility commitments, by performing various stress test scenarios, such as commodity price movements, increases in margin-related transactions, changes in hedging levels, and the impacts of hypothetical credit downgrades. the registrants have continued to closely monitor events in the financial markets and the financial institutions associated with the credit facilities, including monitoring credit ratings and outlooks, credit default swap levels, capital raising, and merger activity. see part i. item 1a. risk factors for additional information regarding the effects of uncertainty in the capital and credit markets.
the registrants believe their cash flow from operating activities, access to credit markets, and their credit facilities provide sufficient liquidity. if generation lost its investment grade credit rating as of december 31, 2020, it would have been required to provide incremental collateral of approximately $1.5 billion to meet collateral obligations for derivatives, non-derivatives, normal purchases and normal sales contracts, and applicable payables and receivables, net of the contractual right of offset under master netting agreements, which is well within the $4.7 billion of available credit capacity of its revolver.
the following table presents the incremental collateral that each utility registrant would have been required to provide in the event each utility registrant lost its investment grade credit rating at december 31, 2020 and available credit facility capacity prior to any incremental collateral at december 31, 2020:
pjm credit policy collateral                 other incremental collateral required(a)                 available credit facility capacity prior to any incremental collateral comed                         $13                                                   $-                                                                         $675
exelon credit facilities exelon corporate, comed, and bge meet their short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of commercial paper. generation and peco meet their short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of commercial paper and borrowings from the exelon intercompany money pool. pepco, dpl, and ace meet their short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of commercial paper and borrowings from the phi intercompany money pool. phi corporate meets its short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of short-term notes and the exelon intercompany money pool. the registrants may use their respective credit facilities for general corporate purposes, including meeting short-term funding requirements and the issuance of letters of credit.
see note 17 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information of the registrants' credit facilities and short term borrowing activity.
capital structure at december 31, 2020, the capital structures of the registrants consisted of the following:
common equity                                  46    %                    -     %               54   %               54   %               53   %                -   %               50   %               48   %               47   %
member's equity                                 -    %                   68     %                -   %                -   %                -   %               58   %                -   %                -   %                -   %
(a)includes approximately $390 million, $205 million, and $184 million owed to unconsolidated affiliates of exelon, comed, and peco respectively. these special purpose entities were created for the sole purposes of issuing mandatorily redeemable trust preferred securities of comed and peco. see note 23 - variable interest entities of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the authoritative guidance for vies.
security ratings the registrants' access to the capital markets, including the commercial paper market, and their respective financing costs in those markets, may depend on the securities ratings of the entity that is accessing the capital markets.
the registrants' borrowings are not subject to default or prepayment as a result of a downgrading of securities, although such a downgrading of a registrant's securities could increase fees and interest charges under that registrant's credit agreements.
as part of the normal course of business, the registrants enter into contracts that contain express provisions or otherwise permit the registrants and their counterparties to demand adequate assurance of future performance when there are reasonable grounds for doing so. in accordance with the contracts and applicable contracts law, if the registrants are downgraded by a credit rating agency, it is possible that a counterparty would attempt to rely on such a downgrade as a basis for making a demand for adequate assurance of future performance, which could include the posting of collateral. see note 16 - derivative financial instruments of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on collateral provisions.
the credit ratings for exelon corporate, peco, bge, phi, pepco, dpl, and ace did not change for the twelve months ended december 31, 2020. on november 4, 2020, s&p revised its assessment of the strategic relationship between exelon and generation and subsequently lowered generation's senior unsecured debt rating to 'bbb' from 'bbb+'. on july 21, 2020, s&p lowered comed's long-term issuer credit rating from 'a-' to a 'bbb+'. s&p also affirmed the current 'a' rating on comed's senior secured debt and 'a-2' short-term rating, which influences long and short-term borrowing cost.
intercompany money pool to provide an additional short-term borrowing option that will generally be more favorable to the borrowing participants than the cost of external financing, both exelon and phi operate an intercompany money pool. maximum amounts contributed to and borrowed from the money pool by participant and the net contribution or borrowing as of december 31, 2020, are presented in the following tables:
for the year ended december 31, 2020                as of december 31, 2020
for the year ended december 31, 2020                           as of december 31, 2020
shelf registration statements exelon, generation, and the utility registrants have a currently effective combined shelf registration statement unlimited in amount, filed with the sec, that will expire in august 2022. the ability of each registrant to sell securities off the shelf registration statement or to access the private placement markets will depend on a number of factors at the time of the proposed sale, including other required regulatory approvals, as applicable, the current financial condition of the registrant, its securities ratings and market conditions.
regulatory authorizations the utility registrants are required to obtain short-term and long-term financing authority from federal and state commissions as follows:
short-term financing authority(a)                                                                                         long-term financing authority(a)
(a)generation currently has blanket financing authority it received from ferc in connection with its market-based rate authority.
(b)as of december 31, 2020, comed had $893 million in new money long-term debt financing authority from the icc with an expiration date of february 1, 2023. on january 20, 2021, comed received $350 million of long-term debt refinancing authority from the icc approved with an effective date of february 1, 2021 and an expiration date of february 1, 2024.
(c)on december 2, 2020, ace received approval from the njbpu for $600 million in new long-term debt financing authority with an effective date of january 1, 2021.
exelon payment due within total                    2021                    2022 -                    2024 -                       2026
electric supply procurement                               3,170                    1,909                   1,253                         8                         -
long-term renewable energy and rec commitments            2,238                      301                     548                       437                       952
pension contributions(g)                                  3,030                      505                   1,010                     1,010                       505
(b)interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2020 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions, or debt issuances. variable rate interest obligations are estimated based on rates as of december 31, 2020. includes estimated interest payments due to comed and peco financing trusts.
(c)capacity payments associated with contracted generation lease agreements are net of sublease and capacity offsets of $98 million, $55 million, $44 million, $44 million, $44 million, and $179 million for 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024, 2025, and thereafter, respectively and $464 million in total.
(d)purchase power obligations primarily include expected payments for rec purchases and payments associated with contracted generation agreements, which may be reduced based on plant availability. expected payments exclude payments on renewable generation contracts that are contingent in nature.
(e)represents commitments to purchase nuclear fuel, natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity, and services, including those related to ceng.
(f)represents the future estimated value at december 31, 2020 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between the registrants and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
(g)these amounts represent exelon's expected contributions to its qualified pension plans. qualified pension contributions for years after 2026 are not included.
generation payment due within total                    2021                    2022 -                    2024 -                       2026
(a)interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2020 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions, or debt issuances. variable rate interest obligations are estimated based on rates as of december 31, 2020.
(b)capacity payments associated with contracted generation lease agreements are net of sublease and capacity offsets of $98 million, $55 million, $44 million, $44 million, $44 million, and $179 million for 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024, 2025, and thereafter, respectively and $464 million in total.
(c)purchase power obligations primarily include expected payments for rec purchases and capacity payments associated with contracted generation agreements, which may be reduced based on plant availability. expected payments exclude payments on renewable generation contracts that are contingent in nature.
(d)represents commitments to purchase nuclear fuel, natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity, and services, including those related to ceng.
(e)represents the future estimated value at december 31, 2020 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between generation and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
comed payment due within total                    2021                    2022 -                    2024 -                       2026
electric supply procurement                                 600                      388                     212                         -                         -
long-term renewable energy and rec commitments            1,953                      269                     485                       384                       815
zec commitments                                           1,127                      176                     351                       351                       249
(b)interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2020 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions, or debt issuances. includes estimated interest payments due to the comed financing trust.
(c)represents the future estimated value at december 31, 2020 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between comed and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
peco payment due within total                    2021                    2022 -                  2024 -                       2026
electric supply procurement                        536                      431                     105                       -                         -
(b)interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2020 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions, or debt issuances. includes estimated interest payments due to the peco financing trusts.
(c)represents commitments to purchase natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity, and services.
(d)represents the future estimated value at december 31, 2020 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between peco and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
bge payment due within total                    2021                    2022 -                  2024 -                       2026
electric supply procurement                      1,088                      665                     423                       -                         -
(a)interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2020 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions, or debt issuances.
(b)represents commitments to purchase natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity, and services.
(c)represents the future estimated value at december 31, 2020 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between bge and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
phi payment due within total                    2021                    2022 -                    2024 -                       2026
electric supply procurement                               1,791                    1,051                     732                         8                         -
long-term renewable energy and rec commitments              285                       32                      63                        53                       137
(a)interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2020 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions, or debt issuances. variable rate interest obligations are estimated based on rates as of december 31, 2020.
(b)represents commitments to purchase natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity, and services.
(c)represents the future estimated value at december 31, 2020 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between pepco, dpl, ace, and phisco and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
pepco payment due within total                    2021                    2022 -                  2024 -                       2026
electric supply procurement                        754                      432                     314                       8                         -
(a)interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2020 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions, or debt issuances.
(b)represents the future estimated value at december 31, 2020 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between pepco and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
dpl payment due within total                  2021                    2022 -                  2024 -                       2026
electric supply procurement                                             469                    290                     179                       -                         -
long-term renewable energy and associated rec commitments               285                     32                      63                      53                       137
(a)interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2020 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions, or debt issuances. variable rate interest obligations are estimated based on rates as of december 31, 2020.
(b)represents commitments to purchase natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity, and services.
(c)represents the future estimated value at december 31, 2020 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between dpl and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
ace payment due within total                  2021                  2022 -                  2024 -                       2026
electric supply procurement                           568                    329                   239                       -                         -
(a)interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2020 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions, or debt issuances.
(b)represents the future estimated value at december 31, 2020 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between ace and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
see note 19 - commitments and contingencies and note 3 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information of the registrants' other commitments potentially triggered by future events. additionally, see below for where to find additional information regarding certain contractual obligations in the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements:
item                                      location within notes to the consolidated financial statements long-term debt                            note 17 - debt and credit agreements interest payments on long-term debt       note 17 - debt and credit agreements finance leases                            note 11 - leases operating leases                          note 11 - leases snf obligation                            note 19 - commitments and contingencies rec commitments                           note 3 - regulatory matters zec commitments                           note 3 - regulatory matters dc plug obligation                        note 3 - regulatory matters pension contributions                     note 15 - retirement benefits sales of customer accounts receivable on april 8, 2020, generation entered into an accounts receivable financing facility with a number of financial institutions and a commercial paper conduit to sell certain receivables, which expires on april 7, 2021 unless renewed by the mutual consent of the parties in accordance with its terms. the facility allows generation to obtain financing at lower cost and diversify its sources of liquidity. see note 6 - accounts receivable of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations generation general generation's integrated business consists of the generation, physical delivery, and marketing of power across multiple geographical regions through its customer-facing business, constellation, which sells electricity and natural gas to both wholesale and retail customers. generation also sells renewable energy and other energy-related products and services. generation has five reportable segments consisting of the mid-atlantic, midwest, new york, ercot, and other power regions. these segments are discussed in further detail in item 1. business - exelon generation company, llc of this form 10-k.
executive overview a discussion of items pertinent to generation's executive overview is set forth under item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - exelon corporation - executive overview of this form 10-k.
a discussion of generation's results of operations for 2020 compared to 2019 is set forth under results of operations-generation in exelon corporation - results of operations of this form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources generation's business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. generation's capital resources are primarily provided by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, external financing, including the issuance of long-term debt, commercial paper, participation in the intercompany money pool, or capital contributions from exelon. generation's access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. if these conditions deteriorate to where generation no longer has access to the capital markets at reasonable terms, generation has credit facilities in the aggregate of $5.3 billion that currently support its commercial paper program and issuances of letters of credit.
see exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources and note 17 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information.
capital resources are used primarily to fund generation's capital requirements, including construction expenditures, retire debt, pay dividends, fund pension and opeb obligations, and invest in new and existing ventures. generation spends a significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment.
cash flows from operating activities a discussion of items pertinent to generation's cash flows from operating activities is set forth under cash flows from operating activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from investing activities a discussion of items pertinent to generation's cash flows from investing activities is set forth under cash flows from investing activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from financing activities a discussion of items pertinent to generation's cash flows from financing activities is set forth under cash flows from financing activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
credit matters a discussion of credit matters pertinent to generation is set forth under credit matters in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements a discussion of generation's contractual obligations, commercial commitments, and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates see all registrants - critical accounting policies and estimates above for a discussion of generation's critical accounting policies and estimates.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1 - significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements.
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations comed general comed operates in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of distribution and transmission services to retail customers in northern illinois, including the city of chicago. this segment is discussed in further detail in item 1. business-comed of this form 10-k.
executive overview a discussion of items pertinent to comed's executive overview is set forth under exelon corporation-executive overview of this form 10-k.
a discussion of comed's results of operations for 2020 compared to 2019 is set forth under results of operations-comed in exelon corporation - results of operations of this form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources comed's business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. comed's capital resources are primarily provided by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, external financing, including the issuance of long-term debt, commercial paper, or credit facility borrowings. comed's access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. at december 31, 2020, comed had access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $1 billion.
see exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources and note 17 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information.
capital resources are used primarily to fund comed's capital requirements, including construction expenditures, retire debt, pay dividends, fund pension and opeb obligations, and invest in new and existing ventures. comed spends a significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment. additionally, comed operates in rate-regulated environments in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited and where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time.
cash flows from operating activities a discussion of items pertinent to comed's cash flows from operating activities is set forth under cash flows from operating activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from investing activities a discussion of items pertinent to comed's cash flows from investing activities is set forth under cash flows from investing activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from financing activities a discussion of items pertinent to comed's cash flows from financing activities is set forth under cash flows from financing activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
credit matters a discussion of credit matters pertinent to comed is set forth under credit matters in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements a discussion of comed's contractual obligations, commercial commitments, and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates see all registrants - critical accounting policies and estimates above for a discussion of comed's critical accounting policies and estimates.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1 - significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements.
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations peco general peco operates in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of distribution and transmission services in southeastern pennsylvania including the city of philadelphia, and the purchase and regulated retail sale of natural gas and the provision of distribution service in pennsylvania in the counties surrounding the city of philadelphia. this segment is discussed in further detail in item 1. business-peco of this form 10-k.
executive overview a discussion of items pertinent to peco's executive overview is set forth under exelon corporation-executive overview of this form 10-k.
a discussion of peco's results of operations for 2020 compared to 2019 is set forth under results of operations-peco in exelon corporation - results of operations of this form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources peco's business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. peco's capital resources are primarily provided by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, external financing, including the issuance of long-term debt, commercial paper, or participation in the intercompany money pool. peco's access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. if these conditions deteriorate to where peco no longer has access to the capital markets at reasonable terms, peco has access to a revolving credit facility. at december 31, 2020, peco had access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $600 million.
see exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources and note 17 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information.
capital resources are used primarily to fund peco's capital requirements, including construction expenditures, retire debt, pay dividends, fund pension and opeb obligations, and invest in new and existing ventures. peco spends a significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment. additionally, peco operates in a rate-regulated environment in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited and where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time.
cash flows from operating activities a discussion of items pertinent to peco's cash flows from operating activities is set forth under cash flows from operating activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from investing activities a discussion of items pertinent to peco's cash flows from investing activities is set forth under cash flows from investing activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from financing activities a discussion of items pertinent to peco's cash flows from financing activities is set forth under cash flows from financing activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
credit matters a discussion of credit matters pertinent to peco is set forth under credit matters in "exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements a discussion of peco's contractual obligations, commercial commitments, and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates see all registrants - critical accounting policies and estimates above for a discussion of peco's critical accounting policies and estimates.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1 - significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements.
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations bge general bge operates in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of distribution and transmission services in central maryland, including the city of baltimore, and the purchase and regulated retail sale of natural gas and the provision of distribution service in central maryland, including the city of baltimore. this segment is discussed in further detail in item 1. business-bge of this form 10-k.
executive overview a discussion of items pertinent to bge's executive overview is set forth under exelon corporation - executive overview of this form 10-k.
a discussion of bge's results of operations for 2020 compared to 2019 is set forth under results of operations-bge in exelon corporation - results of operations of this form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources bge's business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. bge's capital resources are primarily provided by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, external financing, including the issuance of long-term debt or commercial paper. bge's access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. if these conditions deteriorate to where bge no longer has access to the capital markets at reasonable terms, bge has access to a revolving credit facility. at december 31, 2020, bge had access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $600 million.
see exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources and note 17 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information.
capital resources are used primarily to fund bge's capital requirements, including construction expenditures, retire debt, pay dividends, fund pension and opeb obligations, and invest in new and existing ventures. bge spends a significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment. additionally, bge operates in a rate-regulated environment in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited and where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time.
cash flows from operating activities a discussion of items pertinent to bge's cash flows from operating activities is set forth under cash flows from operating activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from investing activities a discussion of items pertinent to bge's cash flows from investing activities is set forth under "cash flows from investing activities" in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from financing activities a discussion of items pertinent to bge's cash flows from financing activities is set forth under "cash flows from financing activities" in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
credit matters a discussion of credit matters pertinent to bge is set forth under credit matters in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements a discussion of bge's contractual obligations, commercial commitments, and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates see all registrants - critical accounting policies and estimates above for a discussion of bge's critical accounting policies and estimates.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1 - significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements.
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations phi general phi has three reportable segments pepco, dpl, and ace. its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of distribution and transmission services, and to a lesser extent, the purchase and regulated retail sale and supply of natural gas in delaware. this segment is discussed in further detail in item 1. business - phi of this form 10-k.
executive overview a discussion of items pertinent to phi's executive overview is set forth under exelon corporation - executive overview of this form 10-k.
a discussion of phi's results of operations for 2020 compared to 2019 is set forth under results of operations-phi in exelon corporation - results of operations of this form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources phi's business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. phi's capital resources are primarily provided by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, external financing, including the issuance of long-term debt or commercial paper, borrowings from the exelon money pool, or capital contributions from exelon. phi's access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general.
see exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources and note 17 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information.
capital resources are used primarily to fund phi's capital requirements, including construction expenditures, retire debt, pay dividends, fund pension and opeb obligations, and invest in new and existing ventures. phi spends a significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment.
cash flows from operating activities a discussion of items pertinent to phi's cash flows from operating activities is set forth under cash flows from operating activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from investing activities a discussion of items pertinent to phi's cash flows from investing activities is set forth under "cash flows from investing activities" in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from financing activities a discussion of items pertinent to phi's cash flows from financing activities is set forth under "cash flows from financing activities" in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
credit matters a discussion of credit matters pertinent to phi is set forth under credit matters in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements a discussion of phi's contractual obligations, commercial commitments, and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates see all registrants - critical accounting policies and estimates above for a discussion of phi's critical accounting policies and estimates.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1 - significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements.
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations pepco general pepco operates in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of distribution and transmission services to retail customers in district of columbia and major portions of prince george's county and montgomery county in maryland. this segment is discussed in further detail in item 1. business - pepco of this form 10-k.
executive overview a discussion of items pertinent to pepco's executive overview is set forth under exelon corporation - executive overview of this form 10-k.
a discussion of pepco's results of operations for 2020 compared to 2019 is set forth under results of operations-pepco in exelon corporation - results of operations of this form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources pepco's business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. pepco's capital resources are primarily provided by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, external financing, including the issuance of long-term debt, commercial paper, or credit facility borrowings. pepco's access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. at december 31, 2020, pepco had access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $300 million.
see exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources and note 17 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information.
capital resources are used primarily to fund pepco's capital requirements, including construction expenditures, retire debt, pay dividends, fund pension and opeb obligations, and invest in new and existing ventures. pepco spends a significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment. additionally, pepco operates in rate-regulated environments in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited and where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time.
cash flows from operating activities a discussion of items pertinent to pepco's cash flows from operating activities is set forth under cash flows from operating activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from investing activities a discussion of items pertinent to pepco's cash flows from investing activities is set forth under cash flows from investing activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from financing activities a discussion of items pertinent to pepco's cash flows from financing activities is set forth under cash flows from financing activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
credit matters a discussion of credit matters pertinent to pepco is set forth under credit matters in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements a discussion of pepco's contractual obligations, commercial commitments, and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates see all registrants - critical accounting policies and estimates above for a discussion of pepco's critical accounting policies and estimates.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1 - significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements.
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations dpl general dpl operates in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of distribution and transmission services in portions of maryland and delaware, and the purchase and regulated retail sale and supply of natural gas in new castle county, delaware. this segment is discussed in further detail in item 1. business - dpl of this form 10-k.
executive overview a discussion of items pertinent to dpl's executive overview is set forth under exelon corporation - executive overview of this form 10-k.
a discussion of dpl's results of operations for 2020 compared to 2019 is set forth under results of operations-dpl in exelon corporation - results of operations of this form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources dpl's business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. dpl's capital resources are primarily provided by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, external financing, including the issuance of long-term debt or commercial paper. dpl's access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. if these conditions deteriorate to where dpl no longer has access to the capital markets at reasonable terms, dpl has access to a revolving credit facility. at december 31, 2020, dpl had access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $300 million.
see exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources and note 17 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information.
capital resources are used primarily to fund dpl's capital requirements, including construction expenditures, retire debt, pay dividends, fund pension and opeb obligations, and invest in new and existing ventures. dpl spends a significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment. additionally, dpl operates in a rate-regulated environment in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited and where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time.
cash flows from operating activities a discussion of items pertinent to dpl's cash flows from operating activities is set forth under cash flows from operating activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from investing activities a discussion of items pertinent to dpl's cash flows from investing activities is set forth under cash flows from investing activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from financing activities a discussion of items pertinent to dpl's cash flows from financing activities is set forth under cash flows from financing activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
credit matters a discussion of credit matters pertinent to dpl is set forth under credit matters in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements a discussion of dpl's contractual obligations, commercial commitments, and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates see all registrants - critical accounting policies and estimates above for a discussion of dpl's critical accounting policies and estimates.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1 - significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements.
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ace general ace operates in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of distribution and transmission services to retail customers in portions of southern new jersey. this segment is discussed in further detail in item 1. business - ace of this form 10-k.
executive overview a discussion of items pertinent to ace's executive overview is set forth under exelon corporation - executive overview of this form 10-k.
a discussion of ace's results of operations for 2020 compared to 2019 is set forth under results of operations-ace in exelon corporation - results of operations of this form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources ace's business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. ace's capital resources are primarily provided by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, external financing, including the issuance of long-term debt, commercial paper, or credit facility borrowings. ace's access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. at december 31, 2020, ace had access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $300 million.
see exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources and note 17 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information.
capital resources are used primarily to fund ace's capital requirements, including construction expenditures, retire debt, pay dividends, fund pension and opeb obligations, and invest in new and existing ventures. ace spends a significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment. additionally, ace operates in rate-regulated environments in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited and where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time.
cash flows from operating activities a discussion of items pertinent to ace's cash flows from operating activities is set forth under cash flows from operating activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from investing activities a discussion of items pertinent to ace's cash flows from investing activities is set forth under cash flows from investing activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from financing activities a discussion of items pertinent to ace's cash flows from financing activities is set forth under cash flows from financing activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
credit matters a discussion of credit matters pertinent to ace is set forth under credit matters in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements a discussion of ace's contractual obligations, commercial commitments, and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates see all registrants - critical accounting policies and estimates above for a discussion of ace's critical accounting policies and estimates.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1 - significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements.