item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the purpose of this management's discussion and analysis ("md&a") is to facilitate an understanding of significant factors influencing the operating results, financial condition and cash flows of gartner, inc. additionally, the md&a conveys our expectations of the potential impact of known trends, events or uncertainties that may impact future results. you should read this discussion in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this annual report on form 10-k. historical results and percentage relationships are not necessarily indicative of operating results for future periods. references to "gartner," the "company," "we," "our" and "us" in this md&a are to gartner, inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries.
this md&a provides an analysis of our consolidated financial results, segment results and cash flows for 2020 and 2019 under the headings "results of operations," "segment results" and "liquidity and capital resources." for a similar detailed discussion comparing 2019 and 2018, refer to those headings under item 7., "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," in our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019.
forward-looking statements in addition to historical information, this annual report on form 10-k contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended, and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended. forward-looking statements are any statements other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions, projections or strategies regarding the future. in some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as "may," "will," "expect," "should," "could," "believe," "plan," "anticipate," "estimate," "predict," "potential," "continue" or other words of similar meaning.
we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment that involves numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. although we believe that the expectations reflected in any of our forward-looking statements are reasonable, actual results could differ materially from those projected or assumed in any of our forward-looking statements. our future quarterly and annual revenues, operating income, results of operations and cash flows, as well as any forward-looking statement, are subject to change and to inherent risks and uncertainties, such as those disclosed or incorporated by reference in our filings with the securities and exchange commission. important factors that could cause our actual results, performance and achievements, or industry results to differ materially from estimates or projections contained in our forward-looking statements include, among others, the following: uncertainty of the magnitude, duration, geographic reach and impact on the global economy of the covid-19 pandemic; the current, and uncertain future, impact of the covid-19 pandemic and governments' responses to it on our business, growth, reputation, projections, prospects, financial condition, operations, cash flows, and liquidity; the adequacy or effectiveness of steps we take to respond to the crisis, including cost reduction or other mitigation programs; our ability to recover potential claims under our event cancellation insurance; the timing of our gartner symposium/xpo series that normally occurs during the fourth quarter (but was cancelled in 2020 as a result of the covid-19 pandemic), as well as of our other conferences and meetings; our ability to achieve and effectively manage growth, including our ability to integrate our acquisitions and consummate and integrate future acquisitions; our ability to pay our debt obligations; our ability to maintain and expand our products and services; our ability to expand or retain our customer base; our ability to grow or sustain revenue from individual customers; our ability to attract and retain a professional staff of research analysts and consultants as well as experienced sales personnel upon whom we are dependent; our ability to achieve continued customer renewals and achieve new contract value, backlog and deferred revenue growth in light of competitive pressures; our ability to carry out our strategic initiatives and manage associated costs; our ability to successfully compete with existing competitors and potential new competitors; our ability to enforce and protect our intellectual property rights; additional risks associated with international operations, including foreign currency fluctuations; the uk's exit from the european union and its impact on our results; the impact of restructuring and other charges on our businesses and operations; cybersecurity incidents; general economic conditions; changes in macroeconomic and market conditions and market volatility (including developments and volatility arising from the covid-19 pandemic), including interest rates and the effect on the credit markets and access to capital; risks associated with the creditworthiness, budget cuts, and shutdown of governments and agencies; the impact of changes in tax policy and heightened scrutiny from various taxing authorities globally; uncertainty from the expected discontinuance of libor and transition to any other interest rate benchmark; changes to laws and regulations;   and other risks and uncertainties. the potential fluctuations in our operating income could cause period-to-period comparisons of operating results not to be meaningful and could provide an unreliable indication of future operating results. a description of the risk factors associated with our business is included under "risk factors" in item 1a. of this annual report on form 10-k, which is incorporated herein by reference.
forward-looking statements are subject to risks, estimates and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in, or implied by, the forward-looking statements, and are currently, or in the future could be, amplified by the covid-19 pandemic. factors that might cause such a difference include, but are not limited to, those listed above or described under "risk factors" in item 1a of this annual report on form 10-k. readers should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect management's opinion only as of the date on which they were made. forward-looking statements in this annual report on form 10-k speak only as of the date hereof, and forward-looking statements in documents attached that are incorporated by reference speak only as of the date of those documents. except as required by law, we disclaim any obligation to review or update these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances as they occur.
business overview gartner, inc. (nyse: it) is the world's leading research and advisory company and a member of the s&p 500. we equip business leaders with indispensable insights, advice and tools to achieve their mission-critical priorities today and build the successful organizations of tomorrow. we believe our unmatched combination of expert-led, practitioner-sourced and data-driven research steers clients toward the right decisions on the issues that matter most. we are a trusted advisor and an objective resource for more than 14,000 enterprises in more than 100 countries - across all major functions, in every industry and enterprise size.
gartner delivers its products and services globally through three business segments - research, conferences and consulting, as described below.
•research provides trusted, objective insights and advice on the mission-critical priorities of leaders across all functional areas of an enterprise through reports, briefings, proprietary tools, access to our research experts, peer networking services and membership programs that enable our clients to drive organizational performance.
•conferences provides business professionals across an organization the opportunity to learn, share and network. from our gartner symposium/xpo series, to industry-leading conferences focused on specific business roles and topics, to peer-driven sessions, our offerings enable attendees to experience the best of gartner insight and advice.
•consulting combines the power of gartner market-leading research with custom analysis and on-the-ground support to help chief information officers and other senior executives driving technology-related strategic initiatives move confidently from insight to action.
covid-19 impact the coronavirus disease ("covid-19") pandemic has affected nearly every region in the world and has created significant uncertainties and disruption in the global economy. gartner is closely monitoring the pandemic-related developments, and our highest priority is the health and safety of our associates, clients, vendors, partners, and other stakeholders. we are working closely with our clients to provide best in class covid-19 related research to assist them in achieving their mission critical priorities.
as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, we have temporarily closed gartner offices (including our corporate headquarters) in the united states, united kingdom, india, and several other impacted locations around the world and implemented significant travel restrictions. although we have plans to reopen most offices in the fall of 2021, reopening is subject to many factors outside of our control. as a result, we cannot predict for certain when or how we will begin to lift the actions put in place as part of our business continuity plans, including work from home protocols and travel restrictions.
we have seen negative impacts to all of our segments with conferences being the most impacted. on march 25, 2020, we announced the cancellation of all in-person conferences through august 2020. on july 2, 2020, we announced the cancellation of all in-person conferences for the remainder of 2020. we held 15 virtual conferences during the second half of 2020, and plan on holding approximately 20 virtual conferences from february 2021 through august 2021. these virtual conferences are expected to result in significantly less revenue and gross contribution, but we believe aid in client retention and engagement. the safety of our associates and clients remain our top priority so future in-person conferences will be held only if we determine the relevant impacts of covid-19 have sufficiently receded in the jurisdictions where our conferences are to be held.
as of december 31, 2020, we had approximately $16 million recorded in prepaid expenses and other current assets on the balance sheet related to cancelled conferences. we expect to recover the majority of these and potential termination costs for future conferences through either force majeure clauses in our vendor contracts, other arrangements with vendors or event cancellation insurance claims. for cancelled conferences, our event cancellation insurance enables us to receive an amount up to the lost contribution margin per conference plus incurred expenses. our event cancellation insurance provides up to $170 million in coverage for 2020 with the right to reinstate that amount one time if those limits are utilized. the insurer has contested our right to reinstate limits and to include in reinstated limits conferences cancelled due to covid-19. we are in litigation with the insurer on these issues. the timing of receiving the proceeds from these insurance claims is uncertain so we will not record any insurance claims in excess of expenses incurred until the receipt of the insurance proceeds.
our research segment has continued to experience a slowdown as contract value (cv) growth was 4.5% in the fourth quarter of 2020 compared to 10.6%, 7.0% and 5.3% in the first, second and third quarters of 2020, respectively. cv growth slowed late in the first quarter as the global virus response led to lower new business growth and lower retention rates. however, because our revenue and cv have been historically stable and predictable as a result of our subscription-based business model, we only experienced a modest decrease in research revenue growth in 2020 compared to that in 2019. slower cv growth in 2020 however will lead to slower research revenue growth in 2021. nonetheless, we believe that our emphasis on producing business and technology insight into every major business function in the enterprise will continue to drive client engagement and satisfaction with our research products.
our consulting segment was only moderately impacted by the covid-19 pandemic as many engagements are being performed by associates working remotely. labor based consulting weakened late in the first quarter due to the pandemic. this weakness continued in the remainder of 2020 due to weaker demand which will likely continue into 2021.
in connection with the cancellation of the majority of 2020 conferences and the weaker demand in our consulting segment noted above, in the second quarter of 2020, we implemented workforce reductions. we incurred an aggregate of approximately $18 million in costs relating to these workforce reductions during the year ended december 31, 2020. $16 million has been paid during the year ended december 31, 2020, and we expect the majority of the remaining charges to be paid out in the first half of 2021.
in response to the pandemic's impacts to our business, we implemented cost avoidance initiatives in the first half of 2020 including significant limitations on hiring and third-party spending, reductions to discretionary spending and elimination of non-essential travel and re-prioritization of capital expenditures. we began to restore certain investments in the business during the second half of 2020 and will likely continue these investments in 2021 and future periods.
business measurements we believe that the following business measurements are important performance indicators for our business segments:
business segment        business measurement research                total contract value represents the value attributable to all of our subscription-related contracts. it is calculated as the annualized value of all contracts in effect at a specific point in time, without regard to the duration of the contract. total contract value primarily includes research deliverables for which revenue is recognized on a ratable basis, as well as other deliverables (primarily conferences tickets) for which revenue is recognized when the deliverable is utilized. comparing contract value year-over-year not only measures the short-term growth of our business, but also signals the long-term health of our research subscription business since it measures revenue that is highly likely to recur over a multi-year period. our total contract value consists of global technology sales contract value, which includes sales to users and providers of technology, and global business sales contract value, which includes sales to all other functional leaders.
client retention rate represents a measure of client satisfaction and renewed business relationships at a specific point in time. client retention is calculated on a percentage basis by dividing our current clients, who were also clients a year ago, by all clients from a year ago. client retention is calculated at an enterprise level, which represents a single company or customer.
wallet retention rate represents a measure of the amount of contract value we have retained with clients over a twelve-month period. wallet retention is calculated on a percentage basis by dividing the contract value of our current clients, who were also clients a year ago, by the total contract value from a year ago, excluding the impact of foreign currency exchange. when wallet retention exceeds client retention, it is an indication of retention of higher-spending clients, or increased spending by retained clients, or both. wallet retention is calculated at an enterprise level, which represents a single company or customer.
consulting              consulting backlog represents future revenue to be derived from in-process consulting and measurement engagements.
utilization rate represents a measure of productivity of our consultants. utilization rates are calculated for billable headcount on a percentage basis by dividing total hours billed by total hours available to bill.
average annualized revenue per billable headcount represents a measure of the revenue generating ability of an average billable consultant and is calculated periodically by multiplying the average billing rate per hour times the utilization percentage times the billable hours available for one year.
executive summary of operations and financial position we have executed a strategy since 2005 to drive revenue and earnings growth. the fundamentals of our strategy include a focus on creating extraordinary research insight, delivering innovative and highly differentiated product offerings, building a strong sales capability, providing world class client service with a focus on client engagement and retention, and continuously improving our operational effectiveness.
we had total revenues of $4.1 billion in 2020, a decrease of 3% compared to 2019 both on a reported basis and excluding the foreign currency impact. net income increased to $266.7 million in 2020 from $233.3 million in 2019 and, as a result, diluted earnings per share was $2.96 in 2020 compared to $2.56 in 2019.
research revenues increased to $3.6 billion in 2020, an increase of 7% compared to 2019 both on a reported basis and excluding the foreign currency impact. the research gross contribution margin was 72% and 70% in 2020 and 2019, respectively. total contract value was $3.6 billion at december 31, 2020, an increase of 4% compared to december 31, 2019 on a foreign currency neutral basis.
conferences revenues decreased to $120.1 million in 2020, a decrease of 75% compared to 2019 both on a reported basis and excluding the foreign currency impact. the conferences gross contribution margin was 48% and 51% in 2020 and 2019, respectively. we held 5 in-person and 15 virtual conferences in 2020, and 72 in-person conferences in 2019.
consulting revenues decreased to $376.4 million in 2020, a decrease of 4% compared to 2019 on a reported basis and 5% excluding the foreign currency impact. the consulting gross contribution margin was 31% and 30% in 2020 and 2019, respectively. backlog was $100.3 million at december 31, 2020.
cash provided by operating activities was $903.3 million and $565.4 million during 2020 and 2019, respectively. as of december 31, 2020, we had $712.6 million of cash and cash equivalents and approximately $1.0 billion of available borrowing capacity on our revolving credit facility. during 2020, we repurchased 1.2 million shares of the company's common stock for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $176.3 million.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires the application of appropriate accounting policies and the use of estimates. our significant accounting policies are described in note 1 - business and significant accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements. management considers the policies discussed below to be critical to an understanding of our consolidated financial statements because their application requires complex and subjective management judgments and estimates. specific risks for these critical accounting policies are also described below.
the preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions about future events. we develop our estimates using both current and historical experience, as well as other factors, including the general economic environment and actions we may take in the future. we adjust such estimates when facts and circumstances dictate. however, our estimates may involve significant uncertainties and judgments and cannot be determined with precision. in addition, these estimates are based on our best judgment at a point in time and, as such, they may ultimately differ materially from actual results. ongoing changes in our estimates could be material and would be reflected in the company's consolidated financial statements in future periods.
our critical accounting policies are described below.
accounting for leases - on january 1, 2019, we adopted financial accounting standards board ("fasb") accounting standards codification ("asc") topic 842, leases ("asc 842"). we determine if an arrangement contains a lease at the inception of a contract. we consider an arrangement a lease if the arrangement transfers the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. we have operating leases, but do not have material financing leases. lease right-of-use assets represent the right to use an underlying asset for the lease term, and lease liabilities represent the obligation to make payments arising from the lease agreement. these assets and liabilities are recognized at the commencement of the lease based upon the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term. the lease term reflects the non-cancelable period of the lease together with periods covered by an option to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise such option. changes in the lease term assumption could impact the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities recognized on the balance sheet. as our leases typically do not contain a readily determinable implicit rate, we determine the present value of the lease liability using our incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date based on the lease term.
note 1 - business and significant accounting policies and note 7 - leases in the notes to consolidated financial statements provide additional information regarding the company's leases and the adoption of asc 842.
revenue recognition - on january 1, 2018, we adopted asc topic 606, revenue from contracts with customers.
our revenue by significant source is accounted for as follows:
•research revenues are mainly derived from subscription contracts for research products. the related revenues are deferred and recognized ratably over the applicable contract term. fees derived from assisting organizations in selecting the right business software for their needs are recognized when the leads are provided to vendors.
•consulting revenues are principally generated from fixed fee and time and materials engagements. revenues from fixed fee contracts are recognized as we work to satisfy our performance obligations. revenues from time and materials engagements are recognized as work is delivered and/or services are provided. revenues related to contract optimization engagements are contingent in nature and are only recognized upon satisfaction of all conditions related to their payment.
the majority of our research contracts are billable upon signing, absent special terms granted on a limited basis from time to time. research contracts are generally non-cancelable and non-refundable, except for government contracts that may have cancellation or fiscal funding clauses. it is our policy to record the amount of a subscription contract that is billable as a fee receivable at the time the contract is signed with a corresponding amount as deferred revenue because the contract represents a legally enforceable claim.
note 1 - business and significant accounting policies and note 9 - revenue and related matters in the notes to consolidated financial statements provide additional information regarding our revenues.
goodwill and other intangible assets - when we acquire a business, we determine the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed on the date of acquisition, which may include a significant amount of intangible assets such as customer relationships, software and content, as well as goodwill. when determining the fair values of the acquired intangible assets, we consider, among other factors, analyses of historical financial performance and an estimate of the future performance of the acquired business. the fair values of the acquired intangible assets are primarily calculated using an income approach that relies on discounted cash flows. this method starts with a forecast of the expected future net cash flows for the asset and then adjusts the forecast to present value by applying a discount rate that reflects the risk factors associated with the cash flow streams. we consider this approach to be the most appropriate valuation technique because the inherent value of an acquired intangible asset is its ability to generate future income. in a typical acquisition, we engage a third-party valuation expert to assist us with the fair value analyses for acquired intangible assets.
determining the fair values of acquired intangible assets requires us to exercise significant judgment. we select reasonable estimates and assumptions based on evaluating a number of factors, including, but not limited to, marketplace participants, consumer awareness and brand history. additionally, there are significant judgments inherent in discounted cash flows such as estimating the amount and timing of projected future cash flows, the selection of discount rates, hypothetical royalty rates and contributory asset capital charges. specifically, the selected discount rates are intended to reflect the risk inherent in the projected future cash flows generated by the underlying acquired intangible assets.
determining an acquired intangible asset's useful life also requires significant judgment and is based on evaluating a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the expected use of the asset, historical client retention rates, consumer awareness and trade name history, as well as any contractual provisions that could limit or extend an asset's useful life.
the company's goodwill is evaluated in accordance with fasb asc topic 350, which requires goodwill to be assessed for impairment at least annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of goodwill may not be recoverable. in addition, an impairment evaluation of our amortizable intangible assets may also be performed if events or circumstances indicate potential impairment. among the factors that could trigger an impairment review are current operating results that do not align with our annual plan or historical performance; changes in our strategic plans or the use of our assets; restructuring charges or other changes in our business segments; competitive pressures and changes in the general economy or in the markets in which we operate; and a significant decline in our stock price and our market capitalization relative to our net book value.
when performing our annual assessment of the recoverability of goodwill, we initially perform a qualitative analysis evaluating whether any events or circumstances occurred or exist that provide evidence that it is more likely than not that the fair value of any of our reporting units is less than the related carrying amount. if we do not believe that it is more likely than not that the fair value of any of our reporting units is less than the related carrying amount, then no quantitative impairment test is performed. however, if the results of our qualitative assessment indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its respective carrying amount, then we perform a two-step quantitative impairment test.
evaluating the recoverability of goodwill requires judgments and assumptions regarding future trends and events. as a result, both the precision and reliability of our estimates are subject to uncertainty. among the factors that we consider in our qualitative assessment are general economic conditions and the competitive environment; actual and projected reporting unit financial performance; forward-looking business measurements; and external market assessments. to determine the fair values of our reporting units for a quantitative analysis, we typically utilize detailed financial projections, which include significant variables, such as projected rates of revenue growth, profitability and cash flows, as well as assumptions regarding discount rates, the company's weighted average cost of capital and other data.
our most recent annual impairment test of goodwill was a qualitative analysis conducted during the quarter ended september 30, 2020 that indicated no impairment. subsequent to completing our 2020 annual impairment test, no events or changes in circumstances were noted that required an interim goodwill impairment test. note 1 - business and significant accounting policies and note 3 - goodwill and intangible assets in the notes to consolidated financial statements provide additional information regarding the company's goodwill and amortizable intangible assets.
accounting for income taxes - the company uses the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. we estimate our income taxes in each of the jurisdictions where the company operates. this process involves estimating our current tax expense or benefit together with assessing temporary differences resulting from differing treatment of items for tax and accounting purposes. these differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities, which are included in our consolidated balance sheets. when assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, we consider if it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. in making this assessment, we consider the availability of loss carryforwards, projected reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and ongoing prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. the company recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained based on the technical merits of the position. recognized tax positions are measured at the largest amount of benefit with greater than a 50% likelihood of being realized. the company uses estimates in determining the amount of unrecognized tax benefits associated with uncertain tax positions. significant judgment is required in evaluating tax law and measuring the benefits likely to be realized. uncertain tax positions are periodically re-evaluated and adjusted as more information about their ultimate realization becomes available.
accounting for stock-based compensation - the company accounts for stock-based compensation awards in accordance with fasb asc topics 505 and 718 and sec staff accounting bulletins no. 107 and no. 110. the company recognizes stock-based compensation expense, which is based on the fair value of the award on the date of grant, over the related service period. note 10 - stock-based compensation in the notes to consolidated financial statements provides additional information regarding stock-based compensation. determining the appropriate fair value model and calculating the fair value of stock-based compensation awards requires the use of certain subjective assumptions, including the expected life of a stock-based compensation award and the company's common stock price volatility. in addition, determining the appropriate periodic stock-based compensation expense requires management to estimate the likelihood of the achievement of certain performance targets. the assumptions used in calculating the fair values of stock-based compensation awards and the related periodic expense represent management's best estimates, which involve inherent uncertainties and the application of judgment. as a result, if circumstances change and the company deems it necessary in the future to modify the assumptions it made or to use different assumptions, or if the quantity and nature of the company's stock-based compensation awards changes, then the amount of expense may need to be adjusted and future stock-based compensation expense could be materially different from what has been recorded in the current period.
a change in any of the terms or conditions of stock-based compensation awards is accounted for as a modification of the award. incremental compensation cost is measured as the excess, if any, of the fair value of the modified award over the fair value of the original award immediately before its terms are modified, measured based on the fair value of the awards at the modification date. for vested awards, we recognize incremental compensation cost in the period the modification occurs. for unvested awards, we recognize any incremental compensation expense at the modification date or ratably over the requisite remaining service period, as appropriate. if the fair value of the modified award is lower than the fair value of the original award immediately before modification, the minimum compensation cost we recognize is the cost of the original award.
results of operations consolidated results the table below presents an analysis of selected line items and year-over-year changes in our consolidated statements of operations for the years indicated (in thousands).
costs and expenses:
cost of services and product development                    1,345,024                           1,550,568                     (205,544)                                (13)
acquisition and integration charges                             6,282                               9,463                       (3,181)                                (34)
less: provision for income taxes                               59,388                              42,449                        16,939                                  40
nm = not meaningful total revenues for 2020 were $4.1 billion, a decrease of $145.9 million, or 3% compared to 2019 both on a reported basis and excluding the foreign currency impact. the tables below present (i) revenues by geographic region (based on where the sale is fulfilled) and (ii) revenues by segment for the years indicated (in thousands).
primary geographic market                   year ended december 31, 2020        year ended december 31, 2019   increase (decrease)             percentage increase
united states and canada                          $2,637,824                          $2,734,490               $(96,666)                              (4)        %
research                        $3,602,892                          $3,374,548                      $228,344            7                               %
refer to the section of this md&a below entitled "segment results" for a discussion of revenues and results by segment.
cost of services and product development was $1.3 billion in 2020, a decrease of $205.5 million compared to 2019, or 13% on both a reported basis and excluding the foreign currency impact. the decrease in cost of services and product development was primarily due to decreased costs related to cancellations of conferences during fiscal year 2020 in response to the covid-19 pandemic, lower travel and entertainment costs during the year as well as the implementation of various cost avoidance initiatives, which was partially offset by higher payroll and benefits costs. cost of services and product development as a percent of revenues was 33% and 37% during 2020 and 2019, respectively.
selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") expense was $2.0 billion in 2020, a decrease of $64.5 million compared to 2019, or 3% on both a reported basis and excluding the foreign currency impact. the decrease in sg&a expense was primarily due to reduced internal meetings, travel and entertainment costs and corporate expenses, partially offset by higher payroll related expenses. there was a decrease in the number of quota-bearing sales associates in global technology sales and global business sales to 3,089 and 846, respectively, at december 31, 2020. on a combined basis, the total number of quota-bearing sales associates decreased by 5% when compared to december 31, 2019. sg&a expense as a percent of revenues was 50% during both 2020 and 2019.
depreciation increased by 14% during 2020 compared to 2019. this increase was due to additional investments, including new leasehold improvements as additional office space went into service, and capitalized software.
amortization of intangibles decreased by 4% during 2020 compared to 2019 due to certain intangible assets that became fully amortized in 2020 and 2019.
acquisition and integration charges declined by $3.2 million during 2020 compared to 2019. this decrease was the result of the company having completed one minor acquisition in late 2019 and no acquisitions in 2020.
operating income was $490.2 million and $370.1 million during 2020 and 2019, respectively. the increase in operating income was due to reduced cost of services and product development and sg&a expense, partially offset by lower revenue, primarily in our conferences segment.
interest expense, net increased by $13.7 million during 2020 compared to 2019. the increase was primarily due to higher weighted average annual effective rates related to the replacement of expired interest rate swaps with interest rate swaps containing higher effective interest rates in late 2019. additionally, we wrote off $1.8 million of deferred financing fees related to the prepayment of $787.9 million on the term loan a facility under the 2016 credit agreement during the year ended december 31, 2020.
loss from divested operations of $2.1 million in 2019 was primarily due to adjustments of certain working capital balances related to the company's 2018 divestitures. note 2 - acquisitions and divestitures in the notes to consolidated financial statements provides additional information regarding the company's 2018 divestitures.
loss on extinguishment of debt during the year ended december 31, 2020 was related to the early redemption premium and write-off of deferred financing fees on our redemption of the 2025 notes on september 28, 2020.
other (expense) income, net for the years presented herein included the net impact of foreign currency gains and losses from our hedging activities, as well as sales of certain state tax credits and the recognition of other tax incentives. other (expense) income, net for the year ended december 31, 2020 also included the release of $10.3 million from accumulated other comprehensive loss, net related to forecasted interest payments that were no longer probable on our interest rate swap contracts, due to the prepayment of $787.9 million under the company's term loan a facility and repayment of all amounts outstanding under our revolving credit facility on our 2016 credit agreement. during 2020, other (expense) income, net also included a $2.2 million gain on de-designated interest rate swaps. during 2019, other (expense) income, net also included a pretax gain of $9.1 million from the company's sale of a minority equity investment.
the provision for income taxes was $59.4 million and $42.4 million during 2020 and 2019, respectively, with an effective income tax rate of 18.2% in 2020 and 15.4% in 2019. the company completed intercompany sales of certain intellectual property in both 2020 and 2019. as a result, the company recorded net tax benefits of approximately $28.3 million and $38.1 million during 2020 and 2019, respectively. these benefits represent the value of future tax deductions for amortization of the assets in the acquiring jurisdiction. in july 2020, the company completed an intercompany contribution of a significant amount of intellectual property. the company's intellectual property footprint continues to evolve and may result in tax rate volatility in the future. note 12 - income taxes in the notes to consolidated financial statements provides additional information regarding the company's income taxes.
net income was $266.7 million and $233.3 million during 2020 and 2019, respectively. additionally, our diluted net income per share increased by $0.40 in 2020 compared to 2019. these year-over-year changes reflect: the increase in our 2020 operating income, partially offset by: (i) the loss on extinguishment of debt; (ii) higher interest expense, net and other (expense) income, net; and (iii) a higher effective income tax rate in 2020 compared to 2019.
segment results we evaluate reportable segment performance and allocate resources based on gross contribution margin. gross contribution is defined as operating income or loss excluding certain cost of services and product development expenses, sg&a expenses, depreciation, amortization of intangibles, and acquisition and integration charges. gross contribution margin is defined as gross contribution as a percent of revenues.
•research provides trusted, objective insights and advice on the mission-critical priorities of leaders across all functional areas of an enterprise through reports, briefings, proprietary tools, access to our research experts, peer networking services and membership programs that enable our clients to drive organizational performance.
•conferences provides business professionals across an organization the opportunity to learn, share and network. from our gartner symposium/xpo series, to industry-leading conferences focused on specific business roles and topics, to peer-driven sessions, our offerings enable attendees to experience the best of gartner insight and advice.
•consulting combines the power of gartner market-leading research with custom analysis and on-the-ground support to help chief information officers and other senior executives driving technology-related strategic initiatives move confidently from insight to action.
the sections below present the results of the company's three reportable business segments.
research as of and for                                   as of and for                      increase                 percentage the year ended december 31, 2020                the year ended december 31, 2019                    (decrease)                   increase
financial measurements:
gross contribution (1)                           $2,597,852                                      $2,351,720                                   $246,132                   10   %
gross contribution margin                                72            %                                 70            %                    2   points                    -
business measurements:
global technology sales (2):
contract value (1), (3)                          $2,909,000                                      $2,801,000                                   $108,000                    4   %
global business sales (2):
contract value (1), (3)                            $696,000                                        $649,000                                    $47,000                    7   %
(2)global technology sales includes sales to users and providers of technology. global business sales includes sales to all other functional leaders.
(3)contract values are on a foreign exchange neutral basis. contract values as of december 31, 2019 have been calculated using the same foreign currency rates as 2020.
research revenues increased by $228.3 million during 2020 compared to 2019, or 7% on both a reported basis and excluding the foreign currency impact. the gross contribution margin was 72% in 2020 compared to 70% in 2019. the increase in revenues during 2020 was primarily due to the same factors driving the trend in our research contract value, which are discussed below. the improvement in margin was primarily due to the growth in revenue and a decline in travel and entertainment expenses due to covid-19 travel restrictions.
total contract value increased to $3.6 billion at december 31, 2020, or 4% compared to december 31, 2019 on a foreign currency neutral basis. global technology sales ("gts") contract value increased by 4% at december 31, 2020 when compared to december 31, 2019. the increase in gts contract value was due to new business from new and existing clients. by industry, gts contract value growth was led by technology, retail and services. global business sales ("gbs") contract value increased by 7% year-over-year, also primarily driven by new business from new and existing clients. gbs contract value growth was led by the healthcare and technology industries. the sales, finance and human resources practices all recorded double-digit contract value growth for the year.
gts client retention was 83% and 82% as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, while wallet retention was 98% and 104%, respectively. gbs client retention was 83% and 82% as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, while wallet retention was 101% as of both december 31, 2020 and 2019. the number of gts client enterprises was flat at december 31, 2020 when compared to december 31, 2019, while gbs client enterprises declined by 9%.
conferences as of and for                                   as of and for   increase                  percentage the year ended december 31, 2020                the year ended december 31, 2019   (decrease)                  increase
financial measurements:
gross contribution (1)                                                $57,302                                        $241,757                $(184,455)                (76)     %
gross contribution margin                                                  48            %                                 51            %   (3)         points           -
business measurements:
in response to the covid-19 pandemic, we cancelled all in-person conferences from march 2020 through at least august 2021, and pivoted to producing virtual conferences with a focus on maximizing the value we deliver to our clients. during 2020, we successfully held 5 in-person conferences prior to the covid-19 pandemic and 15 virtual conferences during the second half of the year. we began holding virtual evanta conferences during the second quarter of 2020. conferences revenues decreased by $356.7 million during 2020 compared to 2019, or 75% on both a reported basis and excluding the foreign currency impact. the segment gross contribution margin was 48% and 51% in 2020 and 2019, respectively. the lower gross contribution margin during 2020 was primarily due to the impact of covid-19 noted above.
consulting as of and for                                   as of and for            increase                 percentage the year ended december 31, 2020                the year ended december 31, 2019            (decrease)                 increase
financial measurements:
gross contribution (1)                                                     $115,744                                        $118,450                         $(2,706)                  (2)     %
gross contribution margin                                                        31            %                                 30            %   1                    point           -
business measurements:
(2)backlog is on a foreign currency neutral basis. backlog as of december 31, 2019 has been calculated using the same foreign currency rates as 2020.
consulting revenues decreased 4% during 2020 compared to 2019 on a reported basis and 5% excluding the foreign currency impact. the decrease in revenues on a reported basis was due to a 6% decrease in labor-based consulting, partially offset by a 3% increase in contract optimization. contract optimization revenue may vary significantly and, as such, 2020 revenues may not be indicative of future results. the segment gross contribution margin was 31% and 30% in 2020 and 2019, respectively. the increase in gross contribution margin during 2020 was primarily due to benefits derived from certain cost-reduction initiatives, including a decline in travel and entertainment expenses due to covid-19 travel restrictions.
backlog decreased by $15.4 million, or 13%, from december 31, 2019 to december 31, 2020. the $100.3 million of backlog at december 31, 2020 represented approximately four months of backlog, which is in line with our operational target.
liquidity and capital resources we finance our operations through cash generated from our operating activities and borrowings. note 6 - debt in the notes to consolidated financial statements provides additional information regarding the company's outstanding debt obligations. at december 31, 2020, we had $712.6 million of cash and cash equivalents and approximately $1.0 billion of available borrowing capacity on the revolving credit facility under our 2020 credit agreement. we believe that the company has adequate liquidity to meet its currently anticipated needs for at least the next twelve months. as a cautionary measure, we elected to suspend our share repurchase activity in march 2020. we resumed share repurchase activity in december 2020.
we have historically generated significant cash flows from our operating activities. our operating cash flow has been continuously maintained by the leverage characteristics of our subscription-based business model in our research segment, which is our largest business segment and historically has constituted a significant portion of our total revenues. the majority of our research customer contracts are paid in advance and, combined with a strong customer retention rate and high incremental margins, has resulted in continuously strong operating cash flow. cash flow generation has also benefited from our ongoing efforts to improve the operating efficiencies of our businesses as well as a focus on the optimal management of our working capital as we increase sales.
our cash and cash equivalents are held in numerous locations throughout the world with 56% held overseas at december 31, 2020. the company intends to reinvest substantially all of its accumulated undistributed foreign earnings, except in instances where repatriation would result in minimal additional tax. as a result of the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act of 2017, we believe that the income tax impact if such earnings were repatriated would be minimal.
the table below summarizes the changes in the company's cash balances for the years indicated (in thousands).
cash provided by operating activities                                   $903,278                          $565,436           $337,842
cash used in investing activities                                       (83,888)                         (160,885)             76,997
cash used in financing activities                                      (416,224)                         (285,992)          (130,232)
effects of exchange rates                                                 28,581                             3,614             24,967
operating cash provided by operating activities was $903.3 million and $565.4 million in 2020 and 2019, respectively. the year-over-year increase was primarily due to (i) higher pre-tax income in 2020, (ii) improved collections, (iii) an increase in accounts payable and accrued and other liabilities due to increased accrued payroll, fringe benefits and customer deposits and (iv) reduced income tax payments, offset by higher interest payments due to timing.
investing cash used in investing activities was $83.9 million and $160.9 million in 2020 and 2019, respectively. the decrease from 2019 to 2020 was the result of reduced capital spending in response to the covid-19 pandemic.
financing cash used in financing activities was $416.2 million and $286.0 million in 2020 and 2019, respectively. during 2020, we repaid a net $148.0 million on our revolving credit facility under the 2016 credit agreement, paid a net $58.5 million in debt principal repayments, borrowed $5.0 million on our revolving credit facility under the 2020 credit agreement and used $176.3 million of cash for share repurchases. additionally, we paid $25.8 million in deferred financing fees related to our financing activities and $30.8 million in early redemption premium payments related to the repayment of our 2025 notes. note 6 - debt in the notes to consolidated financial statements provides additional information regarding the company's financing activities in 2020. during 2019, the company borrowed $5.0 million, repaid a net $7.0 million on our revolving credit facility under the 2016 credit agreement, paid a net $102.6 million in debt principal repayments and used $199.0 million for share repurchases.
obligations and commitments debt as of december 31, 2020, the company had $2.0 billion of principal amount of debt outstanding. note 6 - debt in the notes to consolidated financial statements provides additional information regarding the company's outstanding debt obligations.
off-balance sheet arrangements through december 31, 2020, the company has not entered into any material off-balance sheet arrangements or transactions with unconsolidated entities or other persons.
contractual cash commitments the table below summarizes the company's future contractual cash commitments as of december 31, 2020 (in thousands).
commitment description                            due in less than          due in 2-3          due in 4-5        due in more than               total
(1)principal repayments of the company's debt obligations were classified in the above table based on the contractual repayment dates. interest payments were based on the effective interest rates as of december 31, 2020, including the effects of the company's interest rate swap contracts. note 6 - debt in the notes to consolidated financial statements provides information regarding the company's debt obligations and interest rate swap contracts.
(2)the company leases various facilities, automobiles, computer equipment and other assets under non-cancelable operating lease agreements expiring between 2021 and 2038. the total commitment excludes approximately $325.4 million of estimated future cash receipts from the company's subleasing arrangements. note 1 - business and significant accounting policies and note 7 - leases in the notes to consolidated financial statements provide additional information regarding the company's leases.
(3)the company has supplemental deferred compensation arrangements with certain of its employees. amounts payable with known payment dates have been classified in the above table based on those scheduled payment dates. amounts payable whose payment dates are unknown have been included in the due in more than 5 years category because the company cannot determine when the amounts will be paid. note 15 - employee benefits in the notes to consolidated financial statements provides additional information regarding the company's supplemental deferred compensation arrangements.
(4)other includes: (i) contractual commitments (a) for software, telecom and other services and (b) to secure sites for our conferences business; (ii) amounts due for share repurchase transactions that occurred in late december 2020 but were settled in cash in january 2021; and (iii) projected cash contributions to the company's defined benefit pension plans. note 15 - employee benefits in the notes to consolidated financial statements provides additional information regarding the company's defined benefit pension plans.
in addition to the contractual cash commitments included in the above table, the company has other payables and liabilities that may be legally enforceable but are not considered contractual commitments. information regarding the company's payables and liabilities is included in note 5 - accounts payable and accrued and other liabilities in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
quarterly financial data the tables below present our quarterly operating results for the two-year period ended december 31, 2020.
(in thousands, except per share data)                    first             second             third               fourth revenues                                        $1,018,891          $973,135           $994,618          $1,112,759
(in thousands, except per share data)                  first               second               third               fourth revenues                                        $970,444          $1,070,882           $1,000,502          $1,203,493
(1)in conjunction with the issuance of the 2030 notes, the company redeemed all of the 2025 notes on september 28, 2020 for cash, and the company recorded $30.8 million of charges for the early redemption premium and $14.0 million of charges for the write-off of deferred financing costs related to the 2025 notes and the 2016 credit agreement, which were recorded in loss on extinguishment of debt on the consolidated statements of operations.
(2)during 2020 and 2019, the company recorded a net tax benefit of approximately $28.3 million and $38.1 million, respectively, related to intercompany sales of certain intellectual property, which increased our basic and diluted net income per share by approximately $0.31 and $0.42 per share for the second quarter of 2020 a and 2019, respectively. note 12 - income taxes in the notes to consolidated financial statements provides additional information regarding the tax impact of our intercompany sale of certain intellectual property.
(3)the aggregate of the four quarters' basic and diluted net income per share may not equal the reported full calendar year amounts due to the effects of share repurchases, dilutive equity compensation and rounding.
recently issued accounting standards the fasb has issued accounting standards that had not yet become effective as of december 31, 2020 and may impact the company's consolidated financial statements or its disclosures in future periods. note 1 - business and significant accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements provides information regarding those accounting standards.