item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto.  we prepared our consolidated financial statements in accordance with gaap. additional sections in this report which should be helpful to the reading of our discussion and analysis include the following: (i) a description of our business strategy found in items 1 and 2 "business and properties-narrative description of business-business strategy;" (ii) a description of developments during 2020, found in items 1 and 2 "business and properties-general development of business-recent developments;" (iii) a description of risk factors affecting us and our business, found in item 1a "risk factors;" and (iv) a discussion of forward-looking statements, found in "information regarding forward-looking statements" at the beginning of this report.
a comparative discussion of our 2019 to 2018 operating results can be found in item 7 "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-results of operations" included in our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019 filed with the sec on february 7, 2020.
natural gas pipelines this segment owns and operates (i) major interstate and intrastate natural gas pipeline and storage systems; (ii) natural gas gathering systems and processing and treating facilities; (iii) ngl fractionation facilities and transportation systems; and (iv) lng regasification, liquefaction and storage facilities.
with respect to our interstate natural gas pipelines, related storage facilities and lng terminals, the revenues from these assets are primarily received under long-term fixed contracts.  to the extent practicable and economically feasible in light of our strategic plans and other factors, we generally attempt to mitigate risk of reduced volumes and prices by negotiating contracts with longer terms, with higher per-unit pricing and for a greater percentage of our available capacity.  these long-term contracts are typically structured with a fixed fee reserving the right to transport or store natural gas and specify that we receive the majority of our fee for making the capacity available, whether or not the customer actually chooses to utilize the capacity.  similarly, our texas intrastate natural gas pipeline operations, currently derives approximately 83% of its sales and transport margins from long-term transport and sales contracts.  as contracts expire, we have additional exposure to the longer term trends in supply and demand for natural gas.  as of december 31, 2020, the remaining weighted average contract life of our natural gas transportation contracts held by assets we own and have equity interests in (including intrastate pipelines' sales portfolio) was approximately six years. our lng regasification and liquefaction and associated storage contracts are subscribed under long-term agreements with a weighted average remaining contract life of approximately 13 years.
our midstream assets provide natural gas gathering and processing services. these assets are mostly fee-based and the revenues and earnings we realize from gathering natural gas, processing natural gas in order to remove ngl from the natural gas stream, and fractionating ngl into its base components, are affected by the volumes of natural gas made available to our systems. such volumes are impacted by producer rig count and drilling activity. in addition to fee-based arrangements, some of which may include minimum volume commitments, we also provide some services based on percent-of-proceeds, percent-of-index and keep-whole contracts. our service contracts may rely solely on a single type of arrangement, but more often they combine elements of two or more of the above, which helps us and our counterparties manage the extent to which each shares in the potential risks and benefits of changing commodity prices.
products pipelines this segment owns and operates refined petroleum products, crude oil and condensate pipelines that primarily deliver, among other products, gasoline, diesel and jet fuel, crude oil and condensate to various markets. this segment also owns and/or operates associated product terminals and petroleum pipeline transmix facilities.
the profitability of our refined petroleum products pipeline transportation business generally is driven by the volume of refined petroleum products that we transport and the prices we receive for our services. we also have 49 liquids terminals in this business segment that store fuels and offer blending services for ethanol and biodiesel. the transportation and storage volume levels are primarily driven by the demand for the refined petroleum products being shipped or stored.  demand for refined petroleum products tends to track in large measure demographic and economic growth, and, with the exception of periods of time with very high product prices or recessionary conditions, demand tends to be relatively stable.  because of that, we seek to own refined petroleum products pipelines and terminals located in, or that transport to, stable or growing markets and population centers.  the prices for shipping are generally based on regulated tariffs that are adjusted annually based on changes in the u.s. producer price index and a ferc index rate.
our crude, condensate and refined petroleum products transportation services are primarily provided pursuant to (i) either ferc or state tariffs and (ii) long-term contracts that normally contain minimum volume commitments. as a result of these contracts, our settlement volumes are generally not sensitive to changing market conditions in the shorter term; however, the revenues and earnings we realize from our pipelines and terminals are affected by the volumes of crude oil, refined petroleum products and condensate available to our pipeline systems, which are impacted by the level of oil and gas drilling activity and product demand in the respective regions that we serve. our petroleum condensate processing facility splits condensate into its various components, such as light and heavy naphtha, under a long-term fee-based agreement with a major integrated oil company.
terminals this segment owns and operates (i) liquids and bulk terminal facilities located throughout the u.s. that store and handle various commodities including gasoline, diesel fuel, chemicals, ethanol, metals and petroleum coke; and (ii) jones act-qualified tankers.
the factors impacting our terminals business segment generally differ between liquid and bulk terminals, and in the case of a bulk terminal, the type of product being handled or stored.  our liquids terminals business generally has long-term contracts that require the customer to pay regardless of whether they use the capacity.  thus, similar to our natural gas pipelines business, our liquids terminals business is less sensitive to short-term changes in supply and demand.  therefore, the extent to which changes in these variables affect our terminals business in the near term is a function of the length of the underlying service contracts (which on average is approximately three years), the extent to which revenues under the contracts are a function of the amount of product stored or transported, and the extent to which such contracts expire during any given period of time.
as with our refined petroleum products pipelines transportation business, the revenues from our bulk terminals business are generally driven by the volumes we handle and/or store, as well as the prices we receive for our services, which in turn are driven by the demand for the products being shipped or stored.  while we handle and store a large variety of products in our bulk terminals, the primary products are petroleum coke, metals and ores. in addition, the majority of our contracts for this business contain minimum volume guarantees and/or service exclusivity arrangements under which customers are required to utilize our terminals for all or a specified percentage of their handling and storage needs.  the profitability of our minimum volume contracts is generally unaffected by short-term variation in economic conditions; however, to the extent we expect volumes above the minimum and/or have contracts which are volume-based, we can be sensitive to changing market conditions.  to the extent practicable and economically feasible in light of our strategic plans and other factors, we generally attempt to mitigate the risk of reduced volumes and pricing by negotiating contracts with longer terms, with higher per-unit pricing and for a greater percentage of our available capacity.  in addition, weather-related events, including hurricanes, may impact our facilities and access to them and, thus, the profitability of certain terminals for limited periods of time or, in relatively rare cases of severe damage to facilities, for longer periods.
in addition to liquid and bulk terminals, we also own jones act-qualified tankers in our terminals business segment. as of december 31, 2020, we have sixteen jones act-qualified tankers that operate in the marine transportation of crude oil, condensate and refined products in the u.s. and are primarily operating pursuant to multi-year fixed price charters with major integrated oil companies, major refiners and the u.s. military sealift command.
the co2 source and transportation business primarily has third-party contracts with minimum volume requirements, which as of december 31, 2020, had a remaining average contract life of approximately eight years.  co2 sales contracts vary from customer to customer and have evolved over time as supply and demand conditions have changed.  our recent contracts have generally provided for a delivered price tied to the price of crude oil, but with a floor price.  on a volume-weighted basis, for third-party contracts making deliveries in 2020, and utilizing the average oil price per barrel contained in our 2021 budget, approximately 100% of our revenue is based on a fixed fee or floor price. our success in this portion of the co2 business segment can be impacted by the demand for co2. in the co2 business segment's oil and gas producing activities, we monitor the amount of capital we expend in relation to the amount of production that we expect to add.  the revenues we receive from our crude oil and ngl sales are affected by the prices we realize from the sale of these products.  over the long-term, we will tend to receive prices that are dictated by the demand and overall market price for these products.  in the shorter term, however, market prices are likely not indicative of the revenues we will receive due to our risk management, or hedging, program, in which the prices to be realized for certain of our future sales quantities are fixed, capped or bracketed through the use of financial derivative contracts, particularly for crude oil.  the realized weighted average crude oil price per barrel, with the hedges allocated to oil, was $53.78 per barrel in 2020 and $49.49 per barrel in 2019.  had we not used energy derivative
contracts to transfer commodity price risk, our crude oil sales prices would have averaged $38.32 per barrel in 2020 and $55.12 per barrel in 2019.
also, see note 15 "revenue recognition" to our consolidated financial statements for more information about the types of contracts and revenues recognized for each of our segments.
sale of u.s. portion of cochin pipeline system and kml on december 16, 2019, we closed on two cross-conditional transactions resulting in the sale of the u.s. portion of the cochin pipeline system and all the outstanding equity of kml, including our 70% interest, to pembina pipeline corporation (pembina) (together, the "kml and u.s. cochin sale"). we received approximately 25 million shares of pembina common equity for our interest in kml. on january 9, 2020, we sold our shares of pembina and received proceeds of approximately $907 million ($764 million after tax) which were used to repay maturing debt. the assets sold were part of our natural gas pipelines and terminals business segments.
the covid-19 pandemic-related reduction in energy demand and the dramatic decline in commodity prices that began to impact us in the first quarter of 2020 continued to cause disruptions and volatility. sharp declines in crude oil and natural gas production along with reduced demand for refined products due to the economic shutdown in the wake of the pandemic affected our business and continues to do so. while we have seen some meaningful recovery during the second half of the year in demand for refined products that we move through our terminals, significant uncertainty remains regarding the duration and extent of the impact of the pandemic on the energy industry, including demand and prices for the products handled by our pipelines, terminals, shipping vessels and other facilities, although we expect to see further recovery as vaccines are distributed and more normal societal activity resumes.
the events as described above resulted in decreases of current and estimated long-term crude oil and ngl sale prices and volumes we expect to realize and in significant reductions to the market capitalization of many midstream and oil and gas producing companies. these events triggered us to review the carrying value of our long-lived assets and recoverability of goodwill for interim periods in addition to our annual testing. our evaluations resulted in the recognition during the first six months of 2020 of a $350 million impairment for long-lived assets in our co2 business segment and goodwill impairments of $1,000 million and $600 million to our natural gas pipelines non-regulated and co2 reporting units, respectively. for a further discussion of these impairments and our risk for future impairments, see note 3, "impairments and losses and gains on divestitures."
we have placed a priority on protecting our employees during this pandemic while continuing to provide essential services to our customers. we continue to follow the centers for disease control guidelines for those employees that perform essential tasks in our operations and have taken a cautious enterprise-wide approach with a phased return to workplace process for our employees who are currently working remotely. during 2020, our incremental employee safety costs associated with covid-19 mitigation were approximately $15 million, primarily for personal protective equipment, enhanced cleaning protocols, temperature screening and other measures we adopted to protect our employees. we continue to operate our assets safely and efficiently during this challenging period.
2021 dividends and discretionary capital we expect to declare dividends of $1.08 per share for 2021, a 3% increase from the 2020 declared dividends of $1.05 per share. we also expect to invest $0.8 billion in expansion projects and contributions to joint ventures during 2021.
the expectations for 2021 discussed above involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions, and are not guarantees of performance. many of the factors that will determine these expectations are beyond our ability to control or predict, and because of these uncertainties, it is advisable not to put undue reliance on any forward-looking statement.  please read our item 1a "risk factors" below and "information regarding forward-looking statements" at the beginning of this report for more information.  furthermore, we plan to provide updates to these 2021 expectations when we believe previously disclosed expectations no longer have a reasonable basis.
critical accounting policies and estimates accounting standards require information in financial statements about the risks and uncertainties inherent in significant estimates, and the application of gaap involves the exercise of varying degrees of judgment.  certain amounts included in or affecting our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures must be estimated, requiring us to make certain assumptions with respect to values or conditions that cannot be known with certainty at the time our financial statements are prepared.  these estimates and assumptions affect the amounts we report for our assets and liabilities, our revenues and expenses during the reporting period, and our disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our financial statements.  we routinely evaluate these estimates, utilizing historical experience, consultation with experts and other methods we consider reasonable in the particular circumstances.  nevertheless, actual results may differ significantly from our estimates, and any effects on our business, financial position or results of operations resulting from revisions to these estimates are recorded in the period in which the facts that give rise to the revision become known.
in preparing our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures, examples of certain areas that require more judgment relative to others include our use of estimates in determining: (i) revenue recognition; (ii) income taxes; (iii) the economic useful lives of our assets and related depletion rates; (iv) the fair values used in (a) calculations of possible asset and equity investment impairment charges, and (b) calculation for the annual goodwill impairment test (or interim tests if triggered); (v) reserves for environmental claims, legal fees, transportation rate cases and other litigation liabilities; (vi) provisions for credit losses; (vii) computation of the gain or loss, if any, on assets sold in whole or in part; and (viii) exposures under contractual indemnifications.
environmental matters with respect to our environmental exposure, we utilize both internal staff and external experts to assist us in identifying environmental issues and in estimating the costs and timing of remediation efforts.  we expense or capitalize, as appropriate, environmental expenditures that relate to current operations, and we record environmental liabilities when environmental assessments and/or remedial efforts are probable and we can reasonably estimate the costs.  generally, we do not discount environmental liabilities to a net present value, and we recognize receivables for anticipated associated insurance recoveries when such recoveries are deemed to be probable. we record at fair value, where appropriate, environmental liabilities assumed in a business combination.
our accrual of environmental liabilities often coincides either with our completion of a feasibility study or our commitment to a formal plan of action, but generally, we recognize and/or adjust our probable environmental liabilities, if necessary or appropriate, following quarterly reviews of potential environmental issues and claims that could impact our assets or operations.  in recording and adjusting environmental liabilities, we consider the effect of environmental compliance, pending legal actions against us, and potential third party liability claims.  for more information on environmental matters, see part i, items 1 and 2 "business and properties-narrative description of business-environmental matters." for more information on our environmental disclosures, see note 18 "litigation and environmental" to our consolidated financial statements.
legal and regulatory matters many of our operations are regulated by various u.s. regulatory bodies, and we are subject to legal and regulatory matters as a result of our business operations and transactions.  we utilize both internal and external counsel in evaluating our potential exposure to adverse outcomes from orders, judgments or settlements.  in general, we expense legal costs as incurred.  when we identify contingent liabilities that are probable, we identify a range of possible costs expected to be required to resolve the matter.  generally, if no amount within this range is a better estimate than any other amount, we record a liability equal to the low end of the range.  any such liability recorded is revised as better information becomes available. accordingly, to the extent that actual outcomes differ from our estimates, or additional facts and circumstances cause us to revise our estimates, our earnings will be affected. for more information on legal proceedings, see note 18 "litigation and environmental" to our consolidated financial statements.
long-lived asset and equity investment impairments we evaluate long-lived assets including leases and investments for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that our carrying amount of an asset or investment may not be recoverable.  we recognize impairment losses when estimated future cash flows expected to result from our use of the asset and its eventual disposition is less than its carrying amount. because the impairment test for long-lived assets held in use is based on undiscounted cash flows, there may be instances where an asset or asset group is not considered impaired, even when its fair value may be less than its carrying value, because the asset or asset group is recoverable based on the cash flows to be generated over the estimated life of the asset or asset group. if the carrying value of a long-lived asset or asset group is in excess of undiscounted cash flows, we typically use discounted cash flow analyses to determine if an impairment is required.
for more information on our long-lived asset impairments and significant estimates and assumptions used in our evaluations, see note 3  "impairments and losses and gains on divestitures."
intangible assets intangible assets are those assets which provide future economic benefit but have no physical substance.  identifiable intangible assets having indefinite useful economic lives, including goodwill, are not subject to regular periodic amortization, and such assets are not to be amortized until their lives are determined to be finite.  instead, the carrying amount of a recognized intangible asset with an indefinite useful life must be tested for impairment annually or on an interim basis if events or circumstances indicate that the fair value of the asset has decreased below its carrying value.  we evaluate goodwill for impairment on may 31 of each year. at year end and during other interim periods we evaluate our reporting units for events and changes that could indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit could be less than its carrying amount.
excluding goodwill, our other intangible assets include customer contracts and relationships and agreements.  these intangible assets have definite lives, are being amortized in a systematic and rational manner over their estimated useful lives, and are reported separately as "other intangibles, net" in our accompanying consolidated balance sheets.
for more information on our 2020 goodwill impairment evaluations and amortizable intangibles, see note 3  "impairments and losses and gains on divestitures" and note 8 "goodwill" to our consolidated financial statements.
hedging activities we engage in a hedging program that utilizes derivative contracts to mitigate (offset) our exposure to fluctuations in energy commodity prices, foreign currency exposure on euro-denominated debt, and until our recent divestitures of our canadian assets, net investments in foreign operations, and to balance our exposure to fixed and variable interest rates, and we believe that these derivative contracts are, or were in respect to our canadian operations, generally effective in realizing these objectives.  according to the provisions of gaap, to be considered effective, changes in the value of a derivative contract or its resulting cash flows must substantially offset changes in the value or cash flows of the hedged risk, and any component excluded from the computation of the effectiveness of the derivative contract must be recognized in earnings over the life of the hedging instrument by using a systematic and rational method.
all of our derivative contracts are recorded at estimated fair value. we utilize published prices, broker quotes, and estimates of market prices to estimate the fair value of these contracts; however, actual amounts could vary materially from estimated fair values as a result of changes in market prices. in addition, changes in the methods used to determine the fair value of these contracts could have a material effect on our results of operations. we do not anticipate future changes in the methods used to determine the fair value of these derivative contracts. for more information on our hedging activities, see note 14 "risk management" to our consolidated financial statements.
employee benefit plans we reflect an asset or liability for our pension and other postretirement benefit (opeb) plans based on their overfunded or underfunded status. as of december 31, 2020, our pension plans were underfunded by $645 million, and our opeb plans were overfunded by $62 million. our pension and opeb obligations and net benefit costs are primarily based on actuarial calculations. we use various assumptions in performing these calculations, including those related to the return that we expect to earn on our plan assets, the rate at which we expect the compensation of our employees to increase over the plan term, the estimated cost of health care when benefits are provided under our plan and other factors. a significant assumption we utilize is the discount rate used in calculating our benefit obligations. we utilize a full yield curve approach in the estimation of the service and interest cost components of net periodic benefit cost (credit) for our pension and opeb plans which applies the specific spot rates along the yield curve used in the determination of the benefit obligation to their underlying projected cash flows. the selection of these assumptions is further discussed in note 10 "share-based compensation and employee benefits" to our consolidated financial statements.
actual results may differ from the assumptions included in these calculations, and as a result, our estimates associated with our pension and opeb can be, and have been revised in subsequent periods. the income statement impact of the changes in the assumptions on our related benefit obligations are deferred and amortized into income over either the period of expected future service of active participants, or over the expected future lives of inactive plan participants. as of december 31, 2020, we had deferred net losses of approximately $521 million in pre-tax accumulated other comprehensive loss related to our pension and opeb plans.
the following sensitivity analysis shows the estimated impact of a 1% change in the primary assumptions used in our actuarial calculations associated with our pension and opeb plans for the year ended december 31, 2020:
pension benefits            opeb net benefit cost (income)               change in funded status(a)                net benefit cost (income)                 change in funded status(a)
(a)includes amounts deferred as either accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) or as a regulatory asset or liability for certain of our regulated operations.
income taxes income tax expense is recorded based on an estimate of the effective tax rate in effect or to be in effect during the relevant periods. changes in tax legislation are included in the relevant computations in the period in which such changes are enacted. we do business in a number of states with differing laws concerning how income subject to each state's tax structure is measured and at what effective rate such income is taxed. therefore, we must make estimates of how our income will be apportioned among the various states in order to arrive at an overall effective tax rate. changes in our effective rate, including any effect on previously recorded deferred taxes, are recorded in the period in which the need for such change is identified.
deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recognized for temporary differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial reporting and tax purposes. deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance for the amount that is more likely than not to not be realized. while we have considered estimated future taxable income and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies in determining the amount of our valuation allowance, any change in the amount that we expect to ultimately realize will be included in income in the period in which such a determination is reached.
in determining the deferred income tax asset and liability balances attributable to our investments, we apply an accounting policy that looks through our investments. the application of this policy resulted in no deferred income taxes being provided on the difference between the book and tax basis on the non-tax-deductible goodwill portion of our investments, including kmi's investment in its wholly-owned subsidiary, kmp.