item 7.          management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") is provided as a supplement to - and should be read in conjunction with - our financial statements and the accompanying notes ("notes") included in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k. this discussion contains forward-looking statements that are based on management's current expectations, estimates and projections about our business and operations. our actual results may differ materially from those currently anticipated and expressed in such forward-looking statements. see "forward-looking statements" and "part i, item 1a - risk factors."
●   our business - a general description of our business, the value drivers of our business, and opportunities and risks facing our company, stock repurchases, acquisitions and divestitures;
●   liquidity and capital resources - an analysis of our cash flows, sources and uses of cash and contractual obligations;
●   accounting policies and pronouncements - a discussion of accounting policies that require critical judgments and estimates including newly issued accounting pronouncements;
●   market risks - information about market risks and risk management. (see "forward-looking statements" and "part ii, item 7a - qualitative and quantitative disclosures about market risks").
the covid - 19 pandemic the current covid-19 pandemic has presented a substantial public health and economic challenge around the world and is affecting our employees, communities and business operations, as well as the global economy and financial markets. the human and economic consequences of the covid-19 pandemic as well as the measures taken or that may be taken in the future by governments, and consequently businesses (including the company and its suppliers, full service beverage bottlers/distributors ("bottlers/distributors"), co-packers and other service providers) and the public at large to limit the covid-19 pandemic, has directly and indirectly impacted our business. the duration and severity of this impact will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be accurately predicted, including new information that may emerge concerning the covid-19 pandemic, the actions taken to limit its spread and the economic impact on local, regional, national and international markets. see "part i, item 1a - risk factors."
we have been actively addressing the covid-19 pandemic with a global task force team working to mitigate the potential impacts to our people and business.
health and safety of our employees and business partners from the beginning of the covid-19 pandemic, our top priority has been the health, safety and well-being of our employees. early in march 2020, we implemented global travel restrictions and work-from-home policies for employees who are able to work remotely. for those employees who are unable to work remotely, safety precautions have been instituted, which were developed and adopted in line with guidance from public health authorities and professional consultants. currently, certain of our offices have partially reopened in the u.s. and in certain countries, and generally, our field sales teams are working with our bottler/distributors and retailers subject to certain safety protocols. during the covid-19 pandemic, we have taken a number of steps to support our employees, including increasing employee communications, including topics such as mental health and family welfare; creating wellness hotlines and enhancing employee assistance programs; and conducting employee surveys to evaluate employee morale. we are incredibly proud of the teamwork exhibited by our employees, co-packers and bottlers/distributors around the world who are ensuring the integrity of our supply chain.
customer demand despite the ongoing impact of the covid-19 pandemic, we achieved record fourth quarter net sales. while the performance in europe, middle east and africa ("emea") was solid in the fourth quarter, emea remained adversely affected by the covid-19 pandemic.
since mid-march 2020, we have seen a shift in consumer channel preferences and package configurations, including an increase in at-home consumption and a decrease in food service on-premise consumption. our sales in the 2020 second quarter were initially adversely affected as a result of a decrease in foot traffic in the convenience and gas channel (which is our largest channel) but improved sequentially from the latter half of the 2020 second quarter and throughout the 2020 third and fourth quarters. our e-commerce, club store, mass merchandiser and grocery and related business continued to increase in 2020, while our food service on-premise business, which is a small channel for the company, remained challenged. the duration of these trends and the magnitude of such impacts on future periods cannot be precisely estimated at this time, as they are affected by a number of factors (many of which are outside our control).
we have recently seen a resurgence of the covid-19 pandemic in the northern hemisphere while cases in the southern hemisphere continue to increase. as a result, a number of countries, particularly in emea, have reinstituted lockdowns and other restrictions, which could further impact customer demand.
a reduction in demand for our products or changes in consumer purchasing and consumption patterns, as well as continued economic uncertainty as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, could adversely affect the financial conditions of retailers and consumers, resulting in reduced or canceled orders for our products, purchase returns and closings of retail or wholesale establishments or other locations in which our products are sold.
our distribution and supply chain as of the date of this filing, we do not foresee a material impact on the ability of our co-packers to manufacture and our bottlers/distributors to distribute our products as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. we are continually addressing the increase in our aluminum can requirements given our volume growth and the current supply constraints in the aluminum can industry. overall, we are not experiencing significant raw material or finished product shortages and our supply chain remains intact. depending on the duration of any covid-19 pandemic related issues, we may experience material disruptions in our supply chain as the pandemic continues.
liquidity and capital resources as of the date of this filing, we expect to maintain substantial liquidity as we manage through the current environment as described in the "liquidity and capital resources" section below.
our net sales of $4.60 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020 represented record annual net sales. net sales for the year ended december 31, 2020 were negatively impacted by $15.2 million related to product returns from our customers as a result of a european formulation issue with a limited number of products in europe and a labeling issue concerning one product in japan (the "product returns"). net changes in foreign currency exchange rates had an unfavorable impact on net sales of approximately $48.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2020.
the vast majority of our net sales are derived from our monster energy® drinks segment. net sales of our monster energy® drinks segment were $4.31 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020. net sales of our strategic brands segment were $266.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. our monster energy® drinks segment represented 93.6% and 92.9% of our net sales for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. our strategic brands segment represented 5.8% and 6.5% of our net sales for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. our other segment represented 0.6% and 0.5% of our net sales for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. net sales for the monster energy® drinks segment for the year ended december 31, 2020 were negatively impacted by $15.2 million related to the product returns.
our growth strategy includes expanding our international business. net sales to customers outside the united states amounted to $1.51 billion, $1.33 billion and $1.09 billion for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. such sales were approximately 33%, 32% and 29% of net sales for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. net sales to customers outside the united states for the year ended december 31, 2020 were negatively impacted by $15.2 million related to the product returns.
our customers are primarily full service beverage bottlers/distributors, retail grocery and specialty chains, wholesalers, club stores, mass merchandisers, convenience chains, foodservice customers, value stores, e-commerce retailers and the military. percentages of our gross billings to our various customer types for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018 are reflected below. such information includes sales made by us directly to the customer types concerned, which include our full service beverage bottlers/distributors in the united states. such full service beverage bottlers/distributors in turn sell certain of our products to some of the same customer types listed below. we limit our description of our customer types to include only our sales to our full service bottlers/distributors without reference to such bottlers/distributors' sales to their own customers.
our customers include coca-cola canada bottling limited, coca-cola consolidated, inc., coca-cola bottling company united, inc., reyes coca-cola bottling, llc, great lakes coca-cola distribution, llc, coca-cola southwest beverages llc, the coca-cola bottling company of northern new england, inc., swire pacific holdings, inc. (usa), liberty coca-cola beverages, llc, coca-cola european partners, coca-cola hellenic, coca-cola femsa, coca-cola amatil, swire coca-cola (china), cofco coca-cola, coca-cola beverages africa, coca-cola i̇çecek and certain other tccc network bottlers, asahi soft drinks, co., ltd., wal-mart, inc. (including sam's club), costco wholesale corporation and amazon.com, inc. a decision by any large customer to decrease amounts purchased from us or to cease carrying our products could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and consolidated results of operations.
we continue to incur expenditures in connection with the development and introduction of new products and flavors.
●   international growth - the introduction, development and sustained profitability of our monster energy® brand internationally remains a key value driver for our corporate growth. one or more of our products are distributed in approximately 154 countries and territories worldwide.
●   profitable growth - we believe "functional" value-added beverage brands supported by marketing and innovation and targeted to a diverse consumer base, drive profitable growth. we continue to broaden our family of products to provide more alternatives to consumers and launched reign total body fuel® high performance energy drinks in the first quarter of 2019. we are focused on increasing the profit margins for both our monster energy® drinks segment and our strategic brands segment, and believe that tailored branding, packaging, pricing and distribution channel strategies help achieve profitable growth. we are implementing these strategies with a view to continuing profitable growth.
●   cost management - the principal focus of cost management will continue to be on reducing input procurement and production costs on a per-case basis, including raw material costs and co-packing fees, as well as reducing freight costs by securing additional co-packing facilities strategically localized. another key area of focus is to decrease promotional allowances, selling and general and administrative costs, including sponsorships, sampling, promotional and marketing expenses, as a percentage of net sales.
●   efficient capital structure - our capital structure is designed to optimize our working capital in order to finance expansion, both domestically and internationally. we believe that with our strong capital position, our ability to raise funds, if necessary, at a relatively low effective cost of borrowings, provides a competitive advantage. the reduction of days outstanding for accounts receivable and inventory days on hand will remain an area of focus.
we believe that, subject to increases in the costs of certain raw materials being contained, these value drivers, when implemented and/or achieved in the united states and internationally, will result in: (1) improving or maintaining our product gross profit margins; (2) providing additional leverage over time through reduced expenses as a percentage of net operating revenues; and (3) enhancing our cost of capital. the ultimate measure of success is and will be reflected in our current and future results of operations.
net sales, gross profit, operating income, net income and net income per share represent key measurements of the above value drivers. these measurements will continue to be a key management focus in 2021 and beyond (see "part ii, item 7 - results of operations - results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to the year ended december 31, 2019").
as of december 31, 2020, the company had working capital of $2.39 billion compared to $1.66 billion as of december 31, 2019. the increase in working capital was primarily the result of the $1.41 billion of net income earned during the year ended december 31, 2020. for the year ended december 31, 2020, our net cash provided by operating activities was approximately $1.36 billion as compared to $1.11 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019. principal uses of cash flows in 2020, were purchases of investments, repurchase of our common stock, development of our monster energy® brand internationally and acquisitions of real property, property and equipment. these principal uses of cash flows are expected to be and remain our principal recurring use of cash and working capital funds in the future (see "part ii, item 7 - liquidity and capital resources").
opportunities, challenges and risks looking forward, our management has identified certain challenges and risks for the beverage industry and the company, including our significant commercial relationship with tccc and tccc's status as a significant stockholder of the company, in each case as described above under "part i, item 1a - risk factors."
in addition, legislation has been proposed and/or adopted at the u.s., state, county and/or municipal level and proposed and/or adopted in certain foreign jurisdictions to restrict the sale of energy drinks (including prohibiting the sale of energy drinks at certain establishments or pursuant to certain governmental programs), limit caffeine content, require certain product labeling disclosures and/or warnings, impose taxes, limit product sizes or impose age restrictions for the sale of energy drinks. in addition, articles critical of the caffeine content in energy drinks and their perceived benefits and articles indicating certain health risks of energy drinks have been published. the proposal and/or adoption of such legislation and the publication of such articles, or the future proposal and/or adoption of similar legislation or publication of similar articles, may adversely affect our company. in addition, uncertainty and/or volatility in our domestic and/or our international economic markets could negatively affect both the stability of our industry and our company. furthermore, our growth strategy includes expanding our international business, which exposes us to risks inherent in conducting international operations, including the risks associated with foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. consumer discretionary spending also represents a challenge to the successful marketing and sale of our products. increases in consumer and regulatory awareness of the health problems arising from obesity and inactive lifestyles continue to represent a challenge. we recognize that obesity is a complex and serious public health problem. our commitment to consumers begins with our broad product line and a wide selection of diet, light and low calorie beverages within our energy drink product lines. we continuously strive to meet changing consumer needs through beverage innovation, choice and variety. (see "part i, item 1a - risk factors").
our historical success is attributable, in part, to our introduction of different and innovative beverages which have been positively accepted by consumers. our future success will depend, in part, upon our continued ability to develop and introduce different and innovative beverages that meet consumer preferences, although there can be no assurance of our ability to do so. in order to retain and expand our market share, we must continue to develop and introduce different and innovative beverages and be competitive in the areas of price, quality, method of distribution, brand image and intellectual property protection. the beverage industry is subject to changing consumer preferences that may adversely affect us if we misjudge such preferences.
in addition, other key challenges and risks that could impact our company's future financial results include, but are not limited to:
●   the risks associated with the realization of benefits from our relationship with tccc;
●   economic uncertainty in the united states, europe and other countries in which we operate;
●   the risks associated with foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations;
●   maintenance of our brand image, product quality and corporate reputation;
●   increasing concern over various environmental, human rights and health matters, including obesity, caffeine consumption and energy drinks generally, and changes in regulation and consumer preferences in response to those concerns;
●   profitable expansion and growth of our family of brands in the competitive market place (see "part i, item 1 - business - competition" and "part i, item 1 - business - sales and marketing");
●   protection of our existing intellectual property portfolio of trademarks and copyrights and the continuous pursuit to develop and protect new and innovative trademarks and copyrights for our expanding product lines;
●   limitations on available quantities of aluminum cans in general, and in particular, in certain package configurations such as the aluminum 24-ounce cap can and 550ml aluminum can utilizing bre resealable lids;
●   limitations on co-packing availability, particularly for retort production as well for 550ml products utilizing bre resealable lids;
●   the long-term impact of brexit on our business in europe and the united kingdom; and
●   the imposition of additional regulation, including regulation restricting the sale of energy drinks, limiting caffeine content in beverages, requiring product labeling and/or warnings, imposing excise taxes and/or sales taxes, and/or limiting product size and/or age restrictions.
see "part i, item 1a - risk factors" for additional information about risks and uncertainties facing our company.
we believe that the following opportunities exist for us:
●   planned and future new product and product line introductions with the objective of increasing sales and/or contributing to higher profitability;
●   package, pricing and channel opportunities to increase profitable growth;
●   effective strategic positioning to capitalize on industry growth;
●   broadening distribution/expansion opportunities in both domestic and international markets;
gross profit*1                                                          2,723,880               2,518,585               2,295,375             8.2%             9.7%
gross profit as a percentage of net sales                                   59.2%                   60.0%                   60.3%
1 includes $42.1 million, $46.3 million and $44.4 million for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively, related to the recognition of deferred revenue.
*gross profit may not be comparable to that of other entities since some entities include all costs associated with their distribution process in cost of sales, whereas others exclude certain costs and instead include such costs within another line item such as operating expenses. we include out-bound freight and warehouse costs in operating expenses rather than in cost of sales.
case sales, in 192-ounce case equivalents, were 504.8 million cases for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of approximately 56.1 million cases or 12.5% higher than case sales of 448.8 million cases for the year ended december 31, 2019. the overall average net sales per case (excluding net sales of aff third-party products of $27.0 million and $21.9 million for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, as these sales do not have unit case equivalents) decreased to $9.06 for the year ended december 31, 2020, which was 2.8% lower than the average net sales per case of $9.31 for the year ended december 31, 2019.
gross profit. gross profit was $2.72 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of approximately $205.3 million, or 8.2% higher than the gross profit of $2.52 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase in gross profit dollars was primarily the result of the $401.2 million increase in net sales of our monster energy® drinks segment for the year ended december 31, 2020.
gross profit as a percentage of net sales decreased to 59.2% for the year ended december 31, 2020 from 60.0% for the year ended december 31, 2019. the decrease in gross profit as a percentage of net sales for the year ended december 31, 2020 was primarily the result of the impact of the product returns, associated inventory provisions and other related costs as well as geographical sales mix. gross profit as a percentage of net sales (excluding the product returns, associated inventory provisions and other related costs) was 59.6% for the year ended december 31, 2020.
operating expenses. total operating expenses were $1.09 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020, a decrease of approximately $24.9 million, or 2.2% lower than total operating expenses of $1.12 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019. the decrease in operating expenses was primarily due to decreased expenditures of $46.7 million for sponsorship and endorsements, decreased expenditures of $27.7 million for travel and entertainment, each largely as a consequence of the covid-19 pandemic, decreased expenditures of $14.7 million for legal settlements and decreased expenditures of $11.1 million related to the costs associated with distributor terminations. the costs for certain postponed or rescheduled events have been, or may be, deferred to future periods. due to the uncertainty surrounding the covid-19 pandemic, we are unable to estimate in what future periods, if any, such deferred sponsorship and endorsement costs will be recognized. provision for legal settlements for the year ended december 31, 2020 was lower by $14.7 million than in the comparable 2019 period. the decrease in operating expenses was partially offset by increased payroll expenses of $43.1 million (of which $6.9 million was related to an increase in stock-based compensation), increased expenditures of $25.3 million for social media and digital marketing, and increased out-bound freight and warehouse costs of $21.7 million.
operating income. operating income was $1.63 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of approximately $230.2 million, or 16.4% higher than operating income of $1.40 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019. operating income as a percentage of net sales was 35.5% and 33.4% for the years ended december 31, 2020 and december 31, 2019, respectively. operating income was $270.8 million and $229.2 million for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, in connection with our operations in europe, middle east and africa ("emea"), asia pacific and south america.
provision for income taxes. provision for income taxes was $216.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, a decrease of $91.6 million, or 29.7% lower than the provision for income taxes of $308.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the effective combined federal, state and foreign tax rate decreased to 13.3% from 21.8% for the year ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. the decrease in the effective tax rate was primarily attributable to a non-recurring tax benefit of approximately $165.1 million due to an intra-entity transfer of intangible assets between certain of the company's foreign subsidiaries which resulted in a step-up of the tax-deductible basis in the transferred assets in a foreign jurisdiction, and created a temporary difference between the tax basis and the book basis for such intangible assets. the decrease in the effective tax rate was partially offset by the decrease in the equity compensation deduction.
net income. net income was $1.41 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020, an increase of $301.8 million, or 27.2% higher than net income of $1.11 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019. the increase in net income was primarily due to the $205.3 million increase in gross profit, the decrease in the provision for income taxes of $91.6 million and the decrease in operating expenses of $24.9 million.
net sales. net sales were $4.20 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019, an increase of approximately $393.6 million, or 10.3% higher than net sales of $3.81 billion for the year ended december 31, 2018. net sales for the year ended december 31, 2019 were positively impacted by approximately $101.9 million as a result of a price increase effective from november 1, 2018 in the united states ("the u.s. price increase") and effective from february 1, 2019 in canada (the
case sales, in 192-ounce case equivalents, were 448.8 million cases for the year ended december 31, 2019, an increase of approximately 37.9 million cases or 9.2% higher than case sales of 410.9 million cases for the year ended december 31, 2018. the overall average net sales per case (excluding net sales of aff third-party products of $21.9 million and $22.9 million for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, as these sales do not have unit case equivalents) increased to $9.31 for the year ended december 31, 2019, which was 1.1% higher than the average net sales per case of $9.21 for the year ended december 31, 2018. the increase in the average net sales per case was primarily attributable to a price increase effective from november 1, 2018 in the united states and effective from february 1, 2019 in canada, on certain of our monster energy® brand energy drinks.
gross profit. gross profit was $2.52 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019, an increase of approximately $223.2 million, or 9.7% higher than the gross profit of $2.30 billion for the year ended december 31, 2018. the increase in gross profit dollars was primarily the result of the $405.6 million increase in net sales of our monster energy® drinks segment for the year ended december 31, 2019.
gross profit as a percentage of net sales decreased to 60.0% for the year ended december 31, 2019 from 60.3% for the year ended december 31, 2018. the decrease for the year ended december 31, 2019 was primarily the result of geographical and product sales mix. such decrease was partially offset by the sales price increases discussed above.
operating expenses. total operating expenses were $1.12 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019, an increase of approximately $103.9 million, or 10.3% higher than total operating expenses of $1.01 billion for the year ended december 31, 2018. the increase in operating expenses was primarily due to increased payroll expenses of $36.0 million (of which $6.2 million was related to an increase in stock-based compensation), increased expenditures of $25.1 million for professional service fees, including legal and accounting costs, increased expenditures of $13.4 million for sponsorships and endorsements, and increased expenditures of $19.1 million in other marketing expenses. the increase in operating expenses was partially offset by decreased expenditures of $15.4 million related to the costs associated with distributor terminations. operating expenses for the year ended december 31, 2019 included a $15.5 million provision in connection with an intellectual property claim brought by the descendants of hubert hansen in relation to the company's use of the hubert hansen name prior to the transaction with tccc, that closed in 2015.
operating income. operating income was $1.40 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019, an increase of approximately $119.3 million, or 9.3% higher than operating income of $1.28 billion for the year ended december 31, 2018. operating income as a percentage of net sales was 33.4% and 33.7% for the years ended december 31, 2019 and december 31, 2018, respectively. operating income was $229.2 million and $180.8 million for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, in connection with our operations in europe, middle east and africa ("emea"), asia pacific and south america.
provision for income taxes. provision for income taxes was $308.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2019, an increase of $7.9 million, or 2.6% higher than the provision for income taxes of $300.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. the effective combined federal, state and foreign tax rate decreased to 21.8% from 23.2% for the year ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. the decrease in effective tax rate was primarily attributable to an increase in equity compensation deductions. the decrease in the effective tax rate was partially offset by increased income taxes in certain foreign jurisdictions.
net income. net income was $1.11 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019, an increase of $114.8 million, or 11.6% higher than net income of $993.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2018. the increase in net income was primarily due to the $223.2 million increase in gross profit. the increase in net income was partially offset by the increase in operating expenses of $103.9 million and an increase in the provision for income taxes of $7.9 million.
key business metrics we use certain key metrics and financial measures not prepared in accordance with united states generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") to evaluate and manage our business. for a further discussion of how we use key metrics and certain non-gaap financial measures, see "non-gaap financial measures and other key metrics".
gross billings. gross billings were $4.82 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019, an increase of approximately $436.1 million, or 9.9% higher than gross billings of $4.39 billion for the year ended december 31, 2018. gross billings for the year ended december 31, 2019 were positively impacted by approximately $101.9 million as a result of the u.s. price increase and the canada price increase, on certain of our monster energy® brand energy drinks. net changes in foreign currency exchange rates had an unfavorable impact on gross billings of approximately $82.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2019.
**gross billings (titled gross sales in prior filings) represent amounts invoiced to customers net of cash discounts and returns. gross billings are used internally by management as an indicator of and to monitor operating performance, including sales performance of particular products, salesperson performance, product growth or declines and is useful to investors in evaluating overall company performance. the use of gross billings allows evaluation of sales performance before the effect of any promotional items, which can mask certain performance issues. we therefore believe that the presentation of gross billings provides a useful measure of our operating performance. the use of gross billings is not a measure that is recognized under gaap and should not be considered as an alternative to net sales, which is determined in accordance with gaap, and should not be used alone as an indicator of operating performance in place of net sales. additionally, gross billings may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies, as gross billings has been defined by our internal reporting practices. in addition, gross billings may not be realized in the form of cash receipts as promotional payments and allowances may be deducted from payments received from certain customers.
the following table reconciles the non-gaap financial measure of gross billings with the most directly comparable gaap financial measure of net sales:
***although the expenditures described in this line item are determined in accordance with gaap and meet gaap requirements, the presentation thereof does not conform to gaap presentation requirements. additionally, our definition of promotional and other allowances may not be comparable to similar items presented by other companies. promotional and other allowances primarily include consideration given to our bottlers/distributors or retail customers including, but not limited to the following: (i) discounts granted off list prices to support price promotions to end-consumers by retailers; (ii) reimbursements given to our bottlers/distributors for agreed portions of their promotional spend with retailers, including slotting, shelf space allowances and other fees for both new and existing products; (iii) our agreed share of fees given to bottlers/distributors and/or directly to retailers for advertising, in-store marketing and promotional activities; (iv) our agreed share of slotting, shelf space allowances and other fees given directly to retailers, club stores and/or wholesalers; (v) incentives given to our bottlers/distributors and/or retailers for achieving or exceeding certain predetermined sales goals; (vi) discounted or free products; (vii) contractual fees given to our bottlers/distributors related to sales made by us direct to certain customers that fall within the bottlers'/distributors' sales territories; and (viii) certain commissions paid based on sales to our bottlers/distributors. the presentation of promotional and other allowances facilitates an evaluation of their impact on the determination of net sales and the spending levels incurred or correlated with such sales. promotional and other allowances constitute a material portion of our marketing activities. our promotional allowance programs with our numerous bottlers/distributors and/or retailers are executed through separate agreements in the ordinary course of business. these agreements generally provide for one or more of the arrangements described above and are of varying durations, ranging from one week to one year. the primary drivers of our promotional and other allowance activities for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019 were (i) to increase sales volume and trial, (ii) to address market conditions, and (iii) to secure shelf and display space at retail.
sales of beverages are expressed in unit case volume. a "unit case" means a unit of measurement equal to 192 u.s. fluid ounces of finished beverage (24 eight-ounce servings). unit case volume means the number of unit cases (or unit case equivalents) of finished products or concentrates, as if converted into finished products, sold by us.
our quarterly results of operations reflect seasonal trends that are primarily the result of increased demand in the warmer months of the year. it has been our experience that beverage sales tend to be lower during the first and fourth quarters of each calendar year. in addition, our experience with our energy drink products suggests they are less seasonal than the seasonality expected from traditional beverages. quarterly fluctuations may also be affected by other factors including the introduction of new products, the opening of new markets where temperature fluctuations are more pronounced, the addition of new bottlers/distributors and customers, changes in the sales mix of our products and changes in and/or increased advertising and promotional expenses. (see "part i, item 1 - business - seasonality").
unit case volume / sales (in thousands)
1excludes other segment net sales of $27.0 million, $21.9 million, $22.9 million, $21.6 million and $17.0 million for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, comprised of sales of our aff third-party products to independent third parties as these sales do not have unit case equivalents.
1excludes other segment net sales of $27.0 million, $21.9 million, $22.9 million, $21.6 million and $17.0 million for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019, 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively, comprised of sales of our aff third-party products to independent third parties as these sales do not have unit case equivalents.
liquidity and capital resources cash flows provided by operating activities. cash provided by operating activities was $1.36 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020, as compared with cash provided by operating activities of $1.11 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019.
for the year ended december 31, 2020, cash provided by operating activities was primarily attributable to net income earned of $1.41 billion and adjustments for certain non-cash expenses, consisting of $61.0 million of depreciation and amortization, $70.3 million of stock-based compensation and $8.7 million of intangible impairments. for the year ended december 31, 2020, cash provided by operating activities also increased due to a $30.3 million decrease in inventories, a $26.4 million increase in accrued liabilities, an $18.7 million increase in accounts payable, a $13.8 million increase in accrued promotional allowances, a $10.4 million increase in income taxes payable, a $7.5 million increase in accrued compensation, a $5.5 million decrease in prepaid income taxes and a $1.0 million decrease in prepaid expenses and other assets. for the year ended december 31, 2020, cash used in operating activities was primarily attributable to a $156.9 million increase in deferred income taxes, a $120.1 million increase in accounts receivable and a $21.5 million decrease in deferred revenue.
for the year ended december 31, 2019, cash provided by operating activities was primarily attributable to net income earned of $1.11 billion and adjustments for certain non-cash expenses, consisting of $64.8 million of depreciation and amortization and $63.4 million of stock-based compensation. for the year ended december 31, 2019, cash provided by operating activities also increased due to a $28.8 million increase in accounts payable, a $21.9 million increase in accrued promotional allowances, a $9.5 million decrease in prepaid income taxes, an $8.1 million increase in income taxes payable, a $7.2 million increase in accrued compensation, a $6.5 million decrease in distributor receivables and a $1.3 million decrease in deferred income taxes. for the year ended december 31, 2019, cash used in operating activities was primarily attributable to an $85.2 million increase in inventories, a $66.4 million increase in accounts receivable, a $24.9 million decrease in deferred revenue, a $14.3 million decrease in accrued liabilities and a $13.8 million increase in prepaid expenses and other assets.
cash flows used in investing activities. net cash used in investing activities was $472.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 as compared to cash used in investing activities of $326.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2019.
for both the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, cash provided by investing activities was primarily attributable to sales of available-for-sale investments. for both the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, cash used in investing activities was primarily attributable to purchases of available-for-sale investments. for both the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, cash used in investing activities also included the acquisition of fixed assets consisting of vans and promotional vehicles, coolers and other equipment to support our marketing and promotional activities, production equipment, furniture and fixtures, office and computer equipment, real property, computer software, equipment used for sales and administrative activities, certain leasehold improvements, improvements to real property as well as the acquisition, defense and maintenance of trademarks. we expect to continue to use a portion of our cash in excess of our requirements for operations for purchasing short-term and long-term investments, leasehold improvements, the acquisition of capital equipment (specifically, vans, trucks and promotional vehicles, coolers, other promotional equipment, merchandise displays, warehousing racks as well as items of production equipment required to produce certain of our existing and/or new products and to develop our brand in international markets) and for other corporate purposes. from time to time, we may also use cash to purchase additional real property related to our beverage business and/or acquire compatible businesses.
cash flows used in financing activities. cash used in financing activities was $526.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 as compared to cash used in financing activities of $628.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2019. the cash flows used in financing activities for both the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019 was primarily the result of the repurchases of our common stock. the cash flows provided by financing activities for both the years ended december 31, 2020, and 2019 was primarily attributable to the issuance of our common stock.
purchases of inventories, increases in accounts receivable and other assets, acquisition of property and equipment (including real property, personal property and coolers), leasehold improvements, advances for or the purchase of equipment for our bottlers, acquisition and maintenance of trademarks, payments of accounts payable, income taxes payable and purchases of our common stock are expected to remain our principal recurring use of cash.
cash and cash equivalents, short-term and long-term investments - as of december 31, 2020, we had $1.18 billion in cash and cash equivalents, $881.4 million in short-term investments and $44.3 million in long-term investments, including certificates of deposit, commercial paper, u.s. government agency securities, u.s. treasuries, and to a lesser extent, municipal securities. we maintain our investments for cash management purposes and not for purposes of speculation. our risk management policies emphasize credit quality (primarily based on short-term ratings by nationally recognized statistical rating organizations) in selecting and maintaining our investments. we regularly assess market risk of our investments and believe our current policies and investment practices adequately limit those risks. however, certain of these investments are subject to general credit, liquidity, market and interest rate risks. these risks associated with our investment portfolio may have an adverse effect on our future results of operations, liquidity and financial condition.
we believe that cash available from operations, including our cash resources and our revolving line of credit, will be sufficient for our working capital needs, including purchase commitments for raw materials and inventory, increases in accounts receivable, payments of tax liabilities, expansion and development needs, purchases of shares of our common stock, as well as purchases of capital assets, equipment and properties, through at least the next 12 months. based on our current plans, capital expenditures (exclusive of common stock repurchases) are currently estimated to be approximately $150.0 million through december 31, 2021. however, future business opportunities may cause a change in this estimate.
the following represents a summary of the company's contractual commitments and related scheduled maturities as of december 31, 2020:
purchase commitments2                 101,815               101,815              -                  -                   -
1 contractual obligations include our obligations related to sponsorships and other commitments.
2 purchase commitments include obligations made by us and our subsidiaries to various suppliers for raw materials used in the production of our products. these obligations vary in terms, but are generally satisfied within one year.
in addition, approximately $0.7 million of unrecognized tax benefits have been recorded as liabilities as of december 31, 2020. it is expected that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits will not significantly change within the next 12 months. as of december 31, 2020, we had $0.1 million of accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits.
accounting policies and pronouncements critical accounting policies our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with gaap. gaap requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts in our consolidated financial statements. the following summarizes our most significant accounting and reporting policies and practices:
business combinations - business acquisitions are accounted for in accordance with financial accounting standards board ("fasb") accounting standards codification ("asc") 805 "business combinations". fasb asc 805 requires the reporting entity to identify the acquirer, determine the acquisition date, recognize and measure the identifiable tangible and intangible assets acquired, the liabilities assumed and any non-controlling interest in the acquired entity, and recognize and measure goodwill or a gain from the purchase. the acquiree's results are included in the company's consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at their fair values and the excess of the purchase price over the amounts assigned is recorded as goodwill. adjustments to fair value assessments are recorded to goodwill over the measurement period (not longer than twelve months). the acquisition method also requires that acquisition-related transaction and post-acquisition restructuring costs be charged to expense and requires the company to recognize and measure certain assets and liabilities including those arising from contingencies and contingent consideration in a business combination.
cash and cash equivalents - the company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less from date of purchase to be cash equivalents. throughout the year, the company has had amounts on deposit at financial institutions that exceed the federally insured limits. the company has not experienced any loss as a result of these deposits and does not expect to incur any losses in the future.
investments - the company's investments in debt securities are classified as either held-to-maturity, available-for-sale or trading, in accordance with fasb asc 320. held-to-maturity securities are those securities that the company has the positive intent and ability to hold until maturity. trading securities are those securities that the company intends to sell in the near term. all other securities not included in the held-to-maturity or trading category are classified as available-for-sale. held-to-maturity securities are recorded at amortized cost which approximates fair market value. trading securities are carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses charged to earnings. available-for-sale securities are carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses recorded within accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) as a separate component of stockholders' equity. fasb asc 820 defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. fasb asc 820 also establishes a fair value hierarchy which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs, where available. under fasb asc 326-30-35, a security is considered to be impaired if the fair value of the security is less than its amortized cost basis. where the decline in fair value below the amortized cost basis has resulted from a credit loss, the company will record an impairment relating to credit losses through an allowance for credit losses. the allowance is limited by the amount that the fair value is less than the amortized cost basis. impairment that has not been recorded through an allowance for credit losses is recorded through other comprehensive income (loss), net of applicable taxes. the company evaluates whether the decline in fair value of its investments has resulted from credit loss or other factors at each quarter-end. this evaluation consists of a review by management, and includes market pricing information and maturity dates for the securities held, market and economic trends in the industry and information on the issuer's financial condition and, if applicable, information on the guarantors' financial condition. factors considered in determining whether an impairment has resulted from credit loss or other factors include the length of time and extent to which the investment's fair value has been less than its cost basis, the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer and guarantors, including any specific events which may influence the operations of the issuer and our intent and ability to retain the investment for a reasonable period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery of fair value.
accounts receivable - the company evaluates the collectability of its trade accounts receivable based on a number of factors. in circumstances where the company becomes aware of a specific customer's inability to meet its financial obligations to the company, a specific reserve for bad debts is estimated and recorded, which reduces the recognized receivable to the estimated amount the company believes will ultimately be collected. in addition to specific customer identification of potential bad debts, bad debt charges are recorded based on the company's recent loss history and an overall assessment of past due trade accounts receivable outstanding. in accordance with fasb asc 210-20-45, in its consolidated balance sheets, the company has presented accounts receivable, net of promotional allowances, only for those customers that it allows net settlement. all other accounts receivable and related promotional allowances are shown on a gross basis.
property and equipment - property and equipment are stated at cost. depreciation of furniture and fixtures, office and computer equipment, computer software, equipment, and vehicles is based on their estimated useful lives (three to ten years) and is calculated using the straight-line method. amortization of leasehold improvements is based on the lesser of their estimated useful lives or the terms of the related leases and is calculated using the straight-line method. normal repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. expenditures that materially increase values or extend useful lives are capitalized. the related costs and accumulated depreciation of disposed assets are eliminated and any resulting gain or loss on disposition is included in net income.
goodwill - the company records goodwill when the consideration paid for an acquisition exceeds the fair value of net tangible and intangible assets acquired, including related tax effects. goodwill is not amortized; instead goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently if the company believes indicators of impairment exist. the company first assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. if the company reasonably determines that it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value is less than the carrying value, the company performs its annual, or interim, goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount. the company will recognize an impairment for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds a reporting unit's fair value. for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018 there were no impairments recorded and there are no accumulated impairment balances.
®, monster energy ultra®, unleash the beast!®, monster rehab®, java monster®, monster hydro®, monster hydrosport super fuel®, monster super fuel®, espresso monster®, monster energy extra strength nitrous technology®, muscle monster®, punch monster®, juice monster®, reign total body fuel®, reign inferno®, m3(stylized)®, bu®, nalu®, nos®, full throttle®, burn®, mother®, ultra energy®, play® and power play® (stylized), gladiator®, relentless®, samurai®, predator® and bpm® trademarks, all used in connection with the manufacture, sale and distribution of beverages. the company also owns in its own right a number of other trademarks, flavors and formulas in the united states, as well as in a number of countries around the world. in addition, in 2016 through our acquisition of aff, we secured the intellectual property of our most important flavors for certain of our monster energy® brand energy drinks in perpetuity. in accordance with fasb asc 350, intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized but instead are measured for impairment at least annually, or when events indicate that an impairment exists. the company calculates impairment as the excess of the carrying value of its indefinite-lived assets over their estimated fair value. if the carrying value exceeds the estimate of fair value a write-down is recorded. the company amortizes its intangibles with finite useful lives over their respective useful lives. for the year ended december 31, 2020, an impairment charge of $8.7 million was recorded to intangibles. for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 no impairments were recorded.
long-lived assets - management regularly reviews property and equipment and other long-lived assets, including certain definite-lived intangible assets, for possible impairment. this review occurs annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. if there is indication of impairment, management then prepares an estimate of future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. if these cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset, an impairment loss is recognized to write down the asset to its estimated fair value. the fair value is estimated using the present value of the future cash flows discounted at a rate commensurate with management's estimates of the business risks. preparation of estimated expected future cash flows is inherently subjective and is based on management's best estimate of assumptions concerning expected future conditions. for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, there were no impairment indicators identified. long-lived assets held for sale are recorded at the lower of their carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell.
foreign currency translation and transactions - the accounts of the company's foreign subsidiaries are translated in accordance with fasb asc 830. foreign currency transaction gains and losses are recognized in other income, net, at the time they occur. net foreign currency exchange gains or losses resulting from the translation of assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiaries whose functional currency is not the u.s. dollar are recorded as a part of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in stockholders' equity. unrealized foreign currency exchange gains and losses on certain intercompany transactions that are of a long-term investment nature (i.e., settlement is not planned or anticipated in the foreseeable future) are also recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in stockholders' equity. during the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, we entered into forward currency exchange contracts with financial institutions to create an economic hedge to specifically manage a portion of the foreign exchange risk exposure associated with certain consolidated subsidiaries non-functional currency denominated assets and liabilities. all foreign currency exchange contracts outstanding as of december 31, 2020 have terms of three months or less. we do not enter into forward currency exchange contracts for speculation or trading purposes.
revenue recognition - the company's monster energy® drinks segment generates net operating revenues by selling ready-to-drink packaged energy drinks primarily to bottlers and full service beverage distributors. in some cases, the company sells directly to retail grocery and specialty chains, wholesalers, club stores, mass merchandisers, convenience chains, drug stores, foodservice customers, value retailers, e-commerce retailers and the military.
the company's strategic brands segment primarily generates net operating revenues by selling "concentrates" and/or "beverage bases" to authorized bottling and canning operations. such bottlers generally combine the concentrates and/or beverage bases with sweeteners, water and other ingredients to produce ready-to-drink packaged energy drinks. the ready-to-drink packaged energy drinks are then sold to other bottlers and full service distributors and to retail grocery and specialty chains, wholesalers, club stores, mass merchandisers, convenience chains, foodservice customers, drug stores and the military. to a lesser extent, our strategic brands segment generates net operating revenues by selling certain ready-to-drink packaged energy drinks to bottlers and full service beverage distributors.
the majority of the company's revenue is recognized when it satisfies a single performance obligation by transferring control of its products to a customer. control is generally transferred when the company's products are either shipped or delivered based on the terms contained within the underlying contracts or agreements. certain of the company's bottlers/distributors may also perform a separate function as a co-packer on the company's behalf. in such cases, control of the company's products passes to such bottlers/distributors when they notify the company that they have taken possession or transferred the relevant portion of the company's finished goods. the company's general payment terms are short-term in duration. the company does not have significant financing components or payment terms. the company did not have any material unsatisfied performance obligations as of december 31, 2020 and december 31, 2019.
the company excludes from revenues all taxes assessed by a governmental authority that are imposed on the sale of its products and collected from customers.
distribution expenses to transport the company's products, where applicable, and warehousing expense after manufacture are accounted for within operating expenses.
promotional and other allowances (variable consideration) recorded as a reduction to net sales, primarily include consideration given to the company's bottlers/distributors or retail customers including, but not limited to the following:
●   reimbursements given to the company's bottlers/distributors for agreed portions of their promotional spend with retailers, including slotting, shelf space allowances and other fees for both new and existing products;
●   the company's agreed share of fees given to bottlers/distributors and/or directly to retailers for advertising, in-store marketing and promotional activities;
●   contractual fees given to the company's bottlers/distributors related to sales made directly by the company to certain customers that fall within the bottlers'/distributors' sales territories; and
●   commissions paid to tccc based on our sales to certain wholly-owned subsidiaries of tccc and/or to certain companies accounted for under the equity method by tccc.
the company's promotional allowance programs with its bottlers/distributors and/or retailers are executed through separate agreements in the ordinary course of business. these agreements generally provide for one or more of the arrangements described above and are of varying durations, ranging from one week to one year. the company's promotional and other allowances are calculated based on various programs with bottlers/distributors and retail customers, and accruals are established during the year for its anticipated liabilities. these accruals are based on agreed upon terms as well as the company's historical experience with similar programs and require management's judgment with respect to estimating consumer participation and/or distributor and retail customer performance levels. differences between such estimated expenses and actual expenses for promotional and other allowance costs have historically been insignificant and are recognized in earnings in the period such differences are determined.
amounts received pursuant to new and/or amended distribution agreements entered into with certain distributors, relating to the costs associated with terminating the company's prior distributors, are accounted for as revenue ratably over the anticipated life of the respective distribution agreements, generally 20 years.
the company also enters into license agreements that generate revenues associated with third-party sales of non-beverage products bearing our trademarks including, but not limited to, clothing, hats, t-shirts, jackets, helmets and automotive wheels.
cost of sales - cost of sales consists of the costs of flavors, concentrates, supplement ingredients and/or beverage bases, the costs of raw materials utilized in the manufacture of beverages, co-packing fees, repacking fees, in-bound freight charges, as well as internal transfer costs, warehouse expenses incurred prior to the manufacture of the company's finished products and certain quality control costs. in addition, the company includes in costs of sales certain costs such as depreciation, amortization and payroll costs that relate to the direct manufacture by the company of certain flavors and concentrates. raw materials account for the largest portion of cost of sales. raw materials include cans, bottles, other containers, flavors, ingredients and packaging materials.
operating expenses - operating expenses include selling expenses such as distribution expenses to transport products to customers and warehousing expenses after manufacture, as well as expenses for advertising, sampling and in-store demonstration costs, costs for merchandise displays, point-of-sale materials and premium items, sponsorship expenses, other marketing expenses and design expenses. operating expenses also include such costs as payroll costs, travel costs, professional service fees (including legal fees), termination payments made to certain of the company's prior distributors, depreciation and other general and administrative costs.
income taxes - the company utilizes the liability method of accounting for income taxes as set forth in fasb asc 740. under the liability method, deferred taxes are determined based on the temporary differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities using tax rates expected to be in effect during the years in which the basis differences reverse. a valuation allowance is recorded when it is more likely than not that some of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. in determining the need for valuation allowances the company considers projected future taxable income and the availability of tax planning strategies. if in the future the company determines that it would not be able to realize its recorded deferred tax assets, an increase in the valuation allowance would be recorded, decreasing earnings in the period in which such determination is made.
the company assesses its income tax positions and records tax benefits for all years subject to examination based upon the company's evaluation of the facts, circumstances and information available at the reporting date. for those tax positions where there is a greater than 50% likelihood that a tax benefit will be sustained, the company has recorded the largest amount of tax benefit that may potentially be realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. for those income tax positions where there is less than 50% likelihood that a tax benefit will be sustained, no tax benefit has been recognized in the financial statements.
recent accounting pronouncements see "part ii, item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - note 1 - organization and summary of significant accounting policies - recent accounting pronouncements" for a full description of recent accounting pronouncements including the respective expected dates of adoption and expected effects on the company's consolidated financial position, results of operations or liquidity.
forward-looking statements the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 (the "act") provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of the company. certain statements made in this report may constitute forward-looking statements (within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended, and section 21e of the exchange act, as amended) regarding our expectations with respect to revenues, profitability, adequacy of funds from operations and our existing credit facility, among other things. all statements containing a projection of revenues, income (loss), earnings (loss) per share, capital expenditures, dividends, capital structure or other financial items, a statement of management's plans and objectives for future operations, or a statement of future economic performance contained in management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, including statements related to new products, volume growth and statements encompassing general optimism about future operating results and non-historical information, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the act. without limiting the foregoing, the words "believes," "thinks," "anticipates," "plans," "expects," "estimates," and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.
management cautions that these statements are qualified by their terms and/or important factors, many of which are outside our control and involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors, that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from the statements made including, but not limited to, the following:
●   the human and economic consequences of the covid-19 pandemic, as well as the measures taken or that may be taken in the future by governments, and consequently, businesses (including the company and its suppliers, bottlers/ distributors, co-packers and other service providers) and the public at large to limit the covid-19 pandemic;
●   the impact on consumer demand of the resurgence of the covid-19 pandemic, resulting in a number of countries, particularly in emea, reinstituting lockdowns and other restrictions as well as the impact of possible resurgences in other countries;
●   fluctuations in growth and/or growth rates and/or decline in sales of the domestic and international energy drink categories generally, including in the convenience and gas channel (which is our largest channel) and the impact on demand for our products resulting from deteriorating economic conditions and/or financial uncertainties due to the covid-19 pandemic;
●   the impact of the reduction in our sponsorship and endorsement activities as well as our sampling activities as a result of covid-19 on our future sales and market share;
●   we have extensive commercial arrangements with tccc and, as a result, our future performance is substantially dependent on the success of our relationship with tccc;
●   the impact of tccc's bottlers/distributors distributing coca-cola brand energy drinks and possible reductions in the number of our skus carried by such bottlers/distributors and/or such bottlers/distributors imposing limitations on distributing new product skus;
●   the limitation or reduction by our suppliers, bottlers/distributors and/or co-packers of their activities and/or operations during the covid-19 pandemic;
●   our ability to maintain relationships with tccc system bottlers/distributors and manage their ongoing commitment to focus on our products;
●   unfavorable regulations, including taxation requirements, age restrictions imposed on the sale, purchase, or consumption of our products, marketing restrictions, product registration requirements, tariffs, trade restrictions, container size limitations and/or ingredient restrictions;
●   the effect of inquiries from, and/or actions by, state attorneys general, the federal trade commission (the "ftc"), the food and drug administration (the "fda"), municipalities, city attorneys, other government agencies, quasi-government agencies, government officials (including members of u.s. congress) and/or analogous central and local agencies and other authorities in the foreign countries in which our products are manufactured and/or distributed, into the advertising, marketing, promotion, ingredients, sale and/or consumption of our energy drink products, including voluntary and/or required changes to our business practices;
●   our ability to comply with laws, regulations and evolving industry standards regarding consumer privacy and data use and security, including with respect to the general data protection regulation and the california consumer privacy act of 2018;
●   our ability to achieve profitability and/or repatriate cash from certain of our operations outside the united states;
●   our ability to manage legal and regulatory requirements in foreign jurisdictions, potential difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations and potentially higher incidence of fraud or corruption and credit risk of foreign customers and/or bottlers/distributors;
●   our ability to produce our products in international markets in which they are sold, thereby reducing freight costs and/or product damages;
●   our ability to absorb, reduce or pass on to our bottlers/distributors increases in freight costs;
●   our ability to effectively manage our inventories and/or our accounts receivables;
●   our foreign currency exchange rate risk with respect to our sales, expenses, profits, assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the u.s. dollar, which will continue to increase as foreign sales increase;
●   uncertainties surrounding the long-term impact of the united kingdom's departure from the european union (or "brexit");
●   changes in accounting standards may affect our reported profitability;
●   implications of the organization for economic cooperation and development's base erosion and profit shifting project;
●   any proceedings which may be brought against us by the securities and exchange commission (the "sec"), the fda, the ftc or other governmental agencies or bodies;
●   the outcome and/or possibility of future shareholder derivative actions or shareholder securities litigation that may be filed against us and/or against certain of our officers and directors, and the possibility of other private shareholder litigation;
●   the outcome of product liability or consumer fraud litigation and/or class action litigation (or its analog in foreign jurisdictions) regarding the safety of our products and/or the ingredients in and/or claims made in connection with our products and/or alleging false advertising, marketing and/or promotion, and the possibility of future product liability and/or class action lawsuits;
●   exposure to significant liabilities due to litigation, legal or regulatory proceedings;
●   uncertainty and volatility in the domestic and global economies, including risk of counterparty default or failure;
●   our ability to address any significant deficiencies or material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting;
●   our ability to continue to generate sufficient cash flows to support our expansion plans and general operating activities;
●   decreased demand for our products resulting from changes in consumer preferences, including changes in demand for different packages, sizes and configurations, obesity and other perceived health concerns, including concerns relating to certain ingredients in our products or packaging, product safety concerns and/or from decreased consumer discretionary spending power;
●   adverse publicity surrounding obesity and health concerns related to our products, product safety and quality, water usage, environmental impact and sustainability, human rights, our culture, workforce and labor and workplace laws;
●   changes in demand that are weather related and/or for other reasons, including changes in product category and/or package consumption and changes in cost and availability of certain key ingredients including aluminum cans, as well as disruptions to the supply chain, as a result of climate change and extreme weather conditions;
●   the impact of unstable political conditions, civil unrest, large scale terrorist acts, the outbreak or escalation of armed hostilities, major natural disasters and extreme weather conditions, or widespread outbreaks of infectious diseases (such as the covid-19 pandemic);
●   the impact on our business of competitive products and pricing pressures and our ability to gain or maintain our share of sales in the marketplace as a result of actions by competitors, including unsubstantiated and/or misleading claims, false advertising claims and tortious interference, as well as competitors selling misbranded products;
●   our ability to introduce new products and the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our innovation activities;
●   our ability to implement and/or maintain price increases;
●   an inability to achieve volume growth through product and packaging initiatives;
●   our ability to sustain the current level of sales and/or achieve growth for our monster energy® brand energy drinks and/or our other products, including our strategic brands;
●   the impact of criticism of our energy drink products and/or the energy drink market generally and/or legislation enacted (whether as a result of such criticism or otherwise) that restricts the marketing or sale of energy drinks (including prohibiting the sale of energy drinks at certain establishments or pursuant to certain governmental programs), limits
caffeine content in beverages, requires certain product labeling disclosures and/or warnings, imposes excise and/or sales taxes, limits product sizes and/or imposes age restrictions for the sale of energy drinks;
●   our ability to comply with and/or resulting lower consumer demand and/or lower profit margins for energy drinks due to proposed and/or future u.s. federal, state and local laws and regulations and/or proposed or existing laws and regulations in certain foreign jurisdictions and/or any changes therein, including changes in taxation requirements (including tax rate changes, new tax laws, new and/or increased excise, sales and/or other taxes on our products and revised tax law interpretations) and environmental laws, as well as the federal food, drug, and cosmetic act and regulations or rules made thereunder or in connection therewith by the fda, as well as changes in any other food, drug or similar laws in the united states and internationally, especially those changes that may restrict the sale of energy drinks (including prohibiting the sale of energy drinks at certain establishments or pursuant to certain governmental programs), limit caffeine content in beverages, require certain product labeling disclosures and/or warnings, impose excise taxes, impose sugar taxes, limit product sizes, or impose age restrictions for the sale of energy drinks, as well as laws and regulations or rules made or enforced by the bureau of alcohol, tobacco, firearms and explosives and/or the ftc or their foreign counterparts;
●   our ability to satisfy all criteria set forth in any model energy drink guidelines, including, without limitation, those adopted by the american beverage association, of which we are a member, and/or any international beverage associations and the impact of our failure to satisfy such guidelines may have on our business;
●   changes in the cost, quality and availability of containers, packaging materials, aluminum cans, the midwest and other premiums, raw materials and other ingredients and juice concentrates, and our ability to obtain and/or maintain favorable supply arrangements and relationships and procure timely and/or sufficient production of all or any of our products to meet customer demand;
●   any shortages that may be experienced in the procurement of containers and/or other raw materials including, without limitation, aluminum cans generally, pet containers used for our monster hydro® energy drinks, 24-ounce aluminum cap cans and 550ml bre aluminum cans with resealable ends;
●   the impact on our cost of sales of corporate activity among the limited number of suppliers from whom we purchase certain raw materials;
●   our ability to pass on to our customers all or a portion of any increases in the costs of raw materials, ingredients, commodities and/or other cost inputs affecting our business;
●   our ability to achieve both internal domestic and international forecasts, which may be based on projected volumes and sales of many product types and/or new products, certain of which are more profitable than others; there can be no assurance that we will achieve projected levels of sales as well as forecasted product and/or geographic mixes;
●   our ability to penetrate new domestic and/or international markets and/or gain approval or mitigate the delay in securing approval for the sale of our products in various countries;
●   the effectiveness of sales and/or marketing efforts by us and/or by the bottlers/distributors of our products, most of whom distribute products that may be regarded as competitive with our products;
●   unilateral decisions by bottlers/distributors, buying groups, convenience chains, grocery chains, mass merchandisers, specialty chain stores, e-commerce retailers, e-commerce websites, club stores and other customers to discontinue carrying all or any of our products that they are carrying at any time, restrict the range of our products they carry, impose restrictions or limitations on the sale of our products and/or devote less resources to the sale of our products;
●   the effects of retailer consolidation on our business and our ability to successfully adapt to the rapidly changing retail landscape;
●   our ability to adapt to the changing retail landscape with the rapid growth in e-commerce retailers;
●   our ability to successfully adapt to the changing landscape of advertising, marketing, promotional, sponsorship and endorsement opportunities created by the covid-19 pandemic;
●   unforeseen economic and political changes and local or international catastrophic events;
●   our ability to make suitable arrangements and/or procure sufficient capacity for the co-packing of any of our products both domestically and internationally, the timely replacement of discontinued co-packing arrangements and/or limitations on co-packing availability, including for retort production;
●   our ability to make suitable arrangements for the timely procurement of non-defective raw materials;
●   our inability to protect and/or the loss of our intellectual property rights and/or our inability to use our trademarks, trade names or designs and/or trade dress in certain countries;
●   volatility of stock prices which may restrict stock sales, stock purchases or other opportunities as well as negatively impact the motivation of equity award grantees;
●   the impact of any reductions in productivity and disruptions to our business routines while most office-based employees of the company are working remotely;
●   any disruption in and/or lack of effectiveness of our information technology systems, including a breach of cyber security, that disrupts our business or negatively impacts customer relationships, as well as cybersecurity incidents involving data shared with third parties; and
●   recruitment and retention of senior management, other key employees and our employee base in general.
the foregoing list of important factors and other risks detailed from time to time in our reports filed with the securities and exchange commission is not exhaustive. see "part i, item 1a - risk factors," for a more complete discussion of these risks and uncertainties and for other risks and uncertainties. those factors and the other risk factors described therein are not necessarily all of the important factors that could cause actual results or developments to differ materially from those expressed in any of our forward-looking statements. other unknown or unpredictable factors also could harm our results. consequently, our actual results could be materially different from the results described or anticipated by our forward-looking statements due to the inherent uncertainty of estimates, forecasts and projections, and may be better or worse than anticipated. given these uncertainties, you should not rely on forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date that they were made. we expressly disclaim any duty to provide updates to forward-looking statements, and the estimates and assumptions associated with them, after the date of this report, in order to reflect changes in circumstances or expectations or the occurrence of unanticipated events except to the extent required by applicable securities laws.