item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview pg&e corporation is a holding company whose primary operating subsidiary is pacific gas and electric company, a public utility serving northern and central california.  the utility generates revenues mainly through the sale and delivery of electricity and natural gas to customers.
the utility's base revenue requirements are set by the cpuc in its grc and gt&s rate case based on forecast costs. differences between forecast costs and actual costs can occur for numerous reasons, including the volume of work required and the impact of market forces on the cost of labor and materials. differences in costs can also arise from changes in laws and regulations at both the state and federal level. generally, differences between actual costs and forecast costs affect the utility's ability to earn its authorized return (referred to as "utility revenues and costs that impacted earnings" in results of operations below). the utility's base transmission revenue requirements are recovered through a formula rate approved by the ferc that trues up forecast and actual costs. for certain operating costs, such as costs associated with pension benefits, the utility is authorized to track the difference between actual amounts and forecast amounts and recover or refund the difference through rates (referred to as "utility revenues and costs that did not impact earnings" in results of operations below). the utility also collects revenue requirements to recover certain costs that the cpuc has authorized the utility to pass on to customers, such as the costs to procure electricity or natural gas for its customers. therefore, although these costs can fluctuate, they generally do not impact net income (referred to as "utility revenues and costs that did not impact earnings" in results of operations below). see "ratemaking mechanisms" in item 1. business for further discussion.
this is a combined report of pg&e corporation and the utility, and includes separate consolidated financial statements for each of these two entities. this combined md&a should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8.
chapter 11 proceedings and emergence on the petition date, pg&e corporation and the utility filed voluntary petitions for relief under chapter 11 in the bankruptcy court. on the effective date, pg&e corporation and the utility emerged from chapter 11, pursuant to the plan, which was approved by the bankruptcy court in the confirmation order. however, certain parties have filed notices of appeal with respect to the confirmation order, including provisions related to the injunction contained in the plan that channels certain pre-petition fire-related claims to trusts to be satisfied from the trusts' assets.
for more information about the chapter 11 cases, chapter 11 emergence and the related transactions, see "liquidity and financial resources" below and notes 2, 5 and 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this 2020 form 10-k.
under section 382 of the internal revenue code, if a corporation (or a consolidated group) undergoes an "ownership change," net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes may be subject to certain limitations. in general, an ownership change occurs if the aggregate stock ownership of certain shareholders (generally five percent shareholders, applying certain look-through and aggregation rules) increases by more than 50% over such shareholders' lowest percentage ownership during the testing period (generally three years). pg&e corporation's and the utility's amended articles limit transfers (as defined in the amended articles) that increase a person's or entity's (including certain groups of persons) ownership of pg&e corporation's equity securities to more than 4.75% prior to the restriction release date without approval by the board of directors. as discussed below under "update on ownership restrictions in pg&e corporation's amended articles," the calculation of the percentage ownership may differ depending on whether the fire victim trust is treated as a qualified settlement trust or grantor trust.
as of the date of this report, it is more likely than not that pg&e corporation has not undergone an ownership change, and consequently, its net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes are not limited by section 382 of the internal revenue code.
in 2019, $6.75 billion of the liability to be paid to the fire victim trust in pg&e corporation's common stock was accrued by the utility. because the corresponding tax deduction generally occurs no earlier than payment, the utility established a deferred tax asset for the accrual in 2019. on july 1, 2020, the utility issued to the fire victim trust 477.0 million shares of pg&e corporation's common stock. on the date of transfer, the shares transferred to the fire victim trust were valued at $4.53 billion, $2.2 billion less than the $6.75 billion that had been accrued as a liability in the condensed consolidated financial statements. therefore, in the quarter ended june 30, 2020, the utility recorded a charge of $619 million to adjust the measurement of the deferred tax asset to reflect the tax-effected difference between the accrual of $6.75 billion and the tax deduction of $4.53 billion for the transfer of pg&e corporation's shares to the fire victim trust.
in addition, the tax deduction recorded reflects pg&e corporation's conclusion as of december 31, 2020 that it is more likely than not that the fire victim trust will be treated as a "qualified settlement fund" for u.s. federal income tax purposes, in which case the corresponding tax deduction will have occurred at the time the pg&e corporation common stock was transferred to the fire victim trust. in january 2021, pg&e corporation received an irs ruling that states the utility is eligible to make a grantor trust election for u.s. federal income tax purposes with respect to the fire victim trust and addressed certain, but not all, related issues. as discussed further below under "update on ownership restrictions in pg&e corporation's amended articles," pg&e corporation believes benefits associated with "grantor trust" treatment could be realized, but only if pg&e corporation and the fire victim trust can meet certain requirements of the internal revenue code and treasury regulations thereunder, relating to sales of pg&e corporation common stock. pg&e corporation expects to elect grantor trust treatment, subject to entering into a definitive agreement with the fire victim trust. there can be no assurance that such an agreement will be reached or that pg&e corporation will be able to avail itself of the benefits of a grantor trust election.
at december 31, 2020, pg&e corporation's consolidated financial statements reflect "qualified settlement fund" treatment. if pg&e corporation were to make a "grantor trust" election for the fire victim trust, the utility's tax deduction will occur instead at the time the fire victim trust pays the fire victims and will be impacted by the price at which the fire victim trust sells the shares. the value of the deduction may be materially different than the value of the deduction if the fire victim trust were to be treated as a "qualified settlement fund." additionally, $5.4 billion of cash and $4.54 billion of pg&e corporation common stock, in the aggregate $10.0 billion that was transferred to the fire victim trust in 2020 will not be deductible for tax purposes until the trust pays the fire victims. consequently, pg&e corporation's net operating loss will decrease by approximately $10.0 billion and result in a $1.3 billion charge, net of tax, decreasing net deferred tax assets by $1.3 billion on its consolidated financial statements for activity through december 31, 2020. pg&e corporation will subsequently recognize income tax benefits and the corresponding deferred tax asset as the fire victim trust sells the shares.
update on ownership restrictions in pg&e corporation's amended articles the plan contemplates that the fire victim trust will be treated as a "qualified settlement fund" for u.s. federal income tax purposes, subject to pg&e corporation's ability to elect to treat the fire victim trust as a "grantor trust" for u.s. federal income tax purposes instead. based on the facts known to date, pg&e corporation believes benefits associated with the "grantor trust" treatment could be realized for u.s. federal income tax purposes. (see "tax matters" above for more information.)
if pg&e corporation were to make a "grantor trust" election with respect to the fire victim trust, then any shares owned by the fire victim trust would effectively be excluded from the total number of outstanding equity securities when calculating a person's percentage ownership for purposes of the 4.75 percent ownership limitation in pg&e corporation's charter. for example, although pg&e corporation had 1,984,683,820 shares outstanding as of february 22, 2021, only 1,506,940,230 shares (the number of outstanding shares of common stock less the number of shares held by the fire victim trust) would count as outstanding for purposes of the ownership restrictions in the amended articles. as of february 22, 2021, to the knowledge of pg&e corporation, the fire victim trust had not sold any shares of pg&e corporation common stock.
summary of changes in net income and earnings per share pg&e corporation's net loss attributable to common shareholders was $1.3 billion in 2020, compared to $7.7 billion in 2019. pg&e corporation recognized charges of $56 million and $195 million, net of probable insurance recoveries, for claims in connection with the 2020 zogg fire and the 2019 kincade fire, respectively, for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to charges of $11.4 billion for claims in connection with the 2018 camp fire, the 2017 northern california wildfires and the 2015 butte fire for the year ended december 31, 2019. additionally, pg&e corporation recognized $1.1 billion of expense related to the backstop commitment premium shares and $452 million of expense related to the additional backstop premium shares for the year ended december 31, 2020, with no similar amounts in 2019.
key factors affecting financial results pg&e corporation and the utility believe that their financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows may be materially affected by the following factors:
•the uncertainties in connection with any future wildfires, wildfire insurance, and ab 1054. while pg&e corporation and the utility cannot predict the occurrence, timing or extent of damages in connection with future wildfires, factors such as environmental conditions (including weather and vegetation conditions) and the efficacy of wildfire risk mitigation initiatives are expected to influence the frequency and severity of future wildfires. to the extent that future wildfires occur in the utility's service territory, the utility may incur costs associated with the investigations of the causes and origins of such fires, even if it is subsequently determined that such fires were not caused by the utility's facilities. the financial impact of future wildfires could be mitigated through insurance, the wildfire fund or other forms of cost recovery. however, the utility may not be able to obtain sufficient wildfire insurance coverage at a reasonable cost, and any such coverage may include limitations that could result in substantial uninsured losses depending on the amount and type of damages resulting from covered events. in july and august 2020, the utility renewed its liability insurance coverage for wildfire events in the aggregate amount of $867.5 million (subject to an initial self-insured retention of $60 million), comprised of $825 million for the period of august 1, 2020 to july 31, 2021 and $42.5 million in reinsurance for the period of july 1, 2020 through june 30, 2021. various coverage limitations applicable to different insurance layers could result in material uninsured costs in the future depending on the amount and type of damages resulting from covered events. the utility will not be able to obtain any recovery from the wildfire fund for wildfire-related losses in any year that do not exceed the greater of $1.0 billion in the aggregate and the amount of insurance coverage required under ab 1054. in addition, the policy reforms contemplated by ab 1054 are likely to affect the financial impact of future wildfires on pg&e corporation and the utility should any such wildfires occur. the wildfire fund is available to the utility to pay eligible claims for liabilities arising from future wildfires and serves as an alternative to traditional insurance products, provided that the utility satisfies the conditions to the utility's ongoing participation in the wildfire fund set forth in ab 1054 and that the wildfire fund has sufficient remaining funds. (see "insurance coverage" in note 14 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.)
however, the impact of ab 1054 on pg&e corporation and the utility is subject to numerous uncertainties, including the utility's ability to demonstrate to the cpuc that wildfire-related costs paid from the wildfire fund were just and reasonable, and whether the benefits of participating in the wildfire fund ultimately outweigh its substantial costs. finally, even if the utility satisfies the ongoing eligibility and other requirements set forth in ab 1054, for eligible claims against the utility arising from wildfires that occurred between july 12, 2019 and the utility's emergence from chapter 11 on july 1, 2020, the availability of the wildfire fund to pay such claims would be capped at 40% of the amount of such claims. (see "wildfire fund under ab 1054" in note 14 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.)
•the uncertainties regarding the impact of public safety power shutoffs.  the utility's wildfire risk mitigation initiatives involve substantial and ongoing expenditures and could involve other costs. the extent to which the utility will be able to recover these expenditures and potential other costs through rates is uncertain. the psps program, one of the utility's wildfire risk mitigation initiatives outlined in the 2019 wmp and included in the 2020-2022 wmp, has been the subject of significant scrutiny and criticism by various stakeholders, including the california governor, the cpuc and the court overseeing the utility's probation. on november 12, 2019, the cpuc issued an order to show cause against the utility related to implementation of the october 2019 psps events, and on november 13, 2019, the cpuc instituted an oii to examine california's ious late 2019 psps events and to consider enforcement actions. in their comments submitted to the cpuc on october 16, 2020 in the oii to examine the late 2019 public safety power shutoff events, turn, an intervenor in this proceeding, proposed that the cpuc should treat each customer affected by a psps event, for which the iou has not adequately demonstrated that the benefits outweigh the public safety risks, as a separate offense. under the cpuc rules, each offense would be subject to a penalty of no less than $500 and no more than $100,000. on october 30, 2020, cal advocates, an intervenor in the order to show cause against the utility related to implementation of the october 2019 psps events proposed financial penalties against the utility of $166 million. if adopted by the cpuc, such penalties could be expected to have a material impact on pg&e corporation's and the utility's financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows. the psps program has had an adverse impact on pg&e corporation's and the utility's reputation with customers, regulators and policymakers and future psps events may increase these negative perceptions. in addition to the 2019 psps events, the utility initiated several psps events in the third and fourth quarters of 2020 and one in january 2021 and expects that additional psps events will be necessary in future years. (see "oii to examine the late 2019 public safety power shutoff events" and "oir to examine electric utility de-energization of power lines in dangerous conditions" in "regulatory matters" below.)
•the costs and execution of other wildfire mitigation efforts. in response to the wildfire threat facing california, pg&e corporation and the utility have taken aggressive steps to mitigate the threat of catastrophic wildfires, the spread of wildfires should they occur and the impact of psps events. pg&e corporation and the utility incurred approximately $2.6 billion in connection with the 2019 wmp and incurred approximately $2.9 billion in 2020 in connection with the 2020-2022 wmp. although the utility may seek cost recovery for certain of these expenses and capital expenditures, the utility has agreed in the wildfires oii not to seek rate recovery of certain wildfire-related expenses and capital expenditures that it has incurred or will incur in the amount of $1.823 billion in future applications.
while pg&e corporation and the utility are committed to taking aggressive wildfire mitigation actions, if additional requirements are imposed that go beyond current expectations, such requirements could have a substantial impact on pg&e corporation's and the utility's financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows. for example, the court overseeing the utility's probation in connection with the utility's federal criminal proceeding has imposed numerous obligations on the utility related to its business and operations. the success of the utility's wildfire mitigation efforts depends on many factors, including on whether the utility is able to retain or contract for the workforce necessary to execute its wildfire mitigation actions. (see "u.s. district court matters and probation" and "2020 general rate case" below and "order instituting investigation into the 2017 northern california wildfires and the 2018 camp fire" in note 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.)
•the timing and outcome of ratemaking proceedings. the utility's financial results may be impacted by the timing and outcome of its ferc to18 and to19 rate cases, wmce application, and its ability to timely recover costs not currently in rates, including costs already incurred and future costs tracked in its cema, wema, wmpma, frmma, cppma, vmba, wmba, and rtba. the outcome of regulatory proceedings can be affected by many factors, including intervening parties' testimonies, potential rate impacts, the utility's reputation, the regulatory and political environments, and other factors. the utility's ability to seek cost recovery will also be limited as a result of the outcome of the wildfires oii. (see notes 4 and 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 and "regulatory matters" below.)
•the impact of the 2019 kincade fire. claims related to the 2019 kincade fire that were not satisfied in full as of the effective date were not discharged in connection with emerging from chapter 11. on july 16, 2020, cal fire issued a press release stating that it had determined that "the kincade fire was caused by electrical transmission lines owned and operated by pacific gas and electric (pg&e)." accordingly, if pg&e corporation or the utility were determined to be liable for the 2019 kincade fire, such liabilities could be significant and could exceed or be excluded from the amounts available under applicable insurance policies or the wildfire fund under ab 1054, which could have a material impact on pg&e corporation's and the utility's financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows. as of december 31, 2020, pg&e corporation and the utility had recorded a loss of $625 million for the 2019 kincade fire (before available insurance), which amount corresponds to the lower end of the range of reasonably estimable probable losses, but does not include all categories of potential damages. if the liability for the 2019 kincade fire were to exceed $1.0 billion, it is possible the utility would be eligible to make a claim to the wildfire fund under ab 1054 for such excess amount, subject to a 40% cap on the amount of such claim. as of december 31, 2020, the utility had also recorded an insurance receivable for $430 million. (see "2019 kincade fire" in note 14 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for more information.)
•the impact of the 2020 zogg fire. there have been numerous wildfires in the utility's service territory during the 2020 wildfire season. if the utility were alleged or determined to be a cause of one or more of these wildfires, this allegation or determination could have a material effect on pg&e corporation's and the utility's financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows. on october 9, 2020 cal fire informed the utility that it had taken possession of utility equipment as part of cal fire's ongoing investigation into the 2020 zogg fire. the investigation is preliminary and cal fire has not issued a determination of cause, but if pg&e corporation or the utility were determined to be liable for the 2020 zogg fire, such liabilities could be significant and could exceed or be excluded from the amounts available under applicable insurance policies or the wildfire fund under ab 1054, which could be expected to have a material impact on pg&e corporation's and the utility's financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows. as of december 31, 2020, pg&e corporation and the utility had recorded a loss of $275 million for the 2020 zogg fire (before available insurance), which amount corresponds to the lower end of the range of reasonably estimable probable losses, but does not include all categories of potential damages. as of december 31, 2020, the utility had also recorded an insurance receivable for $219 million in connection with the 2020 zogg fire. (for more information see "2020 zogg fire" in note 14 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.)
•the impact of the covid-19 pandemic. pg&e corporation's and the utility's financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows have been and could continue to be significantly affected by the outbreak of covid-19. the principal areas of near-term impact include liquidity, financial results and business operations, stemming primarily from the ongoing economic hardship of the utility's customers, the moratorium on service disconnections for residential and small business customers, the cpuc's "emergency authorization and order directing utilities to implement emergency customer covid-19 protections" and an observed reduction in non-residential electrical load. the utility continues to monitor the overall impact of the covid-19 pandemic; however, the utility expects a significant impact on monthly cash collections as long as current circumstances persist. this impact to liquidity may be partially offset by reductions in discretionary spending or potential regulatory impacts. as of december 31, 2020, pg&e corporation and the utility had access to approximately $2.8 billion of total liquidity comprised of approximately $261 million of utility cash, $223 million of pg&e corporation cash and $2.4 billion of availability under the utility and pg&e corporation credit facilities. other potential impacts of covid-19 on pg&e corporation and the utility include operational disruptions, workforce disruptions, both in personnel availability (including a reduction in contract labor resources) and deployment, delays in production and shipping of materials used in the utility's operations, a reduction in revenue due to the cost of capital adjustment mechanism, the potential for higher credit spreads and borrowing costs and incremental financing needs. as discussed below under the heading "covid-19 pandemic protections memorandum account," the utility has established a memorandum account for tracking costs related to the cpuc's emergency authorization and order, which, as of december 31, 2020, was $84 million. the utility intends to seek recovery of this balance in a future application, subject to cpuc reasonableness review. for more information on the impact of covid-19 on pg&e corporation and the utility, see "pg&e corporation's and the utility's financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows have been and could continue to be significantly affected by the outbreak of the covid-19 pandemic" in item 1a risk factors in part i.
pg&e corporation and the utility expect additional financial impacts in the future as a result of covid-19. pg&e corporation and the utility continue to evaluate the overall impact of covid-19 and their analysis is subject to change.
•the outcome of other enforcement, litigation, and regulatory matters, and other government proposals. the utility's financial results may continue to be impacted by the outcome of other current and future enforcement, litigation, and regulatory matters, including those described above as well as the outcome of the safety culture oii, the sentencing terms of the utility's january 27, 2017 federal criminal conviction, including the oversight of the utility's probation and the potential recommendations by the monitor, and potential penalties in connection with the utility's safety and other self-reports. (see note 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.) in addition, the utility's business profile and financial results could be impacted by the outcome of recent calls for municipalization of part or all of the utility's businesses, offers by municipalities and other public entities to acquire the electric assets of the utility within their respective jurisdictions and calls for state intervention, including the possibility of a state takeover of the utility. pg&e corporation and the utility cannot predict the nature, occurrence, timing or extent of any such scenario, and there can be no assurance that any such scenario would not involve significant ownership or management changes to pg&e corporation or the utility, including by the state of california. further, certain parties filed notices of appeal with respect to the confirmation order, including provisions related to the injunction contained in the plan that channels certain pre-petition fire-related claims to trusts to be satisfied from the trusts' assets. there can be no assurance that any such appeal will not be successful and, if successful, that any such appeal would not have a material adverse effect on pg&e corporation and the utility.
•the uncertainties in connection with a potential enhanced oversight and enforcement process. on november 24, 2020, the utility received a letter (the "letter") from the president of the cpuc, related to the utility's vegetation and asset management activities and the cpuc's enhanced oversight and enforcement process. if the utility is placed into the enhanced oversight and enforcement process, it will be subject to additional reporting requirements, monitoring, and oversight by the cpuc.
for more information about the risks that could materially affect pg&e corporation's and the utility's financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows, or that could cause future results to differ from historical results, see "item 1a. risk factors" in this 2020 form 10-k.  in addition, this annual report contains forward-looking statements that are necessarily subject to various risks and uncertainties.  these statements reflect management's judgment and opinions that are based on current estimates, expectations, and projections about future events and assumptions regarding these events and management's knowledge of facts as of the date of this report.  see the section entitled "forward-looking statements" above for a list of some of the factors that may cause actual results to differ materially.  pg&e corporation and the utility are unable to predict all the factors that may affect future results and do not undertake an obligation to update forward-looking statements, whether in response to new information, future events, or otherwise.
results of operations the following discussion presents pg&e corporation's and the utility's operating results for 2020, 2019, and 2018.  see "key factors affecting financial results" above for further discussion about factors that could affect future results of operations.
pg&e corporation the consolidated results of operations consist primarily of results related to the utility, which are discussed in the "utility" section below.  the following table provides a summary of net income (loss) available for common shareholders:
utility                           $397                $(7,636)                  $(6,832)
pg&e corporation's net loss increased in 2020, as compared to 2019 and primarily consists of income taxes, interest expense on long-term debt, and reorganization items, net, including approximately $1.5 billion in expense related to the backstop commitment premium shares and additional backstop premium shares, which is not deductible for tax purposes.
utility the table below shows certain items from the utility's consolidated statements of income for 2020, 2019, and 2018.  the table separately identifies the revenues and costs that impacted earnings from those that did not impact earnings.  in general, expenses the utility is authorized to pass through directly to customers (such as costs to purchase electricity and natural gas, as well as costs to fund public purpose programs) and the corresponding amount of revenues collected to recover those pass-through costs, do not impact earnings.
revenues that impact earnings are primarily those that have been authorized by the cpuc and the ferc to recover the utility's costs to own and operate its assets and to provide the utility an opportunity to earn its authorized rate of return on rate base.  expenses that impact earnings are primarily those that the utility incurs to own and operate its assets.
(in millions)                                                    that impacted earnings                       that did not impact earnings                 total utility                 that impacted earnings                       that did not impact earnings                 total utility                 that impacted earnings                       that did not impact earnings                 total utility electric operating revenues                                            $8,979                                           $4,879                            $13,858                              $8,634                                           $4,106                            $12,740                              $7,859                                           $4,854                            $12,713
cost of electricity                                                         -                                            3,116                              3,116                                   -                                            3,095                              3,095                                   -                                            3,828                              3,828
reorganization items, net                                               (310)                                                -                              (310)                               (320)                                                -                              (320)                                   -                                                -                                  -
income tax provision (benefit) (1)                                                                                                                            408                                                                                                                 (3,407)                                                                                                                 (3,295)
(1) these items impacted earnings.
utility revenues and costs that impacted earnings the following discussion presents the utility's operating results for 2020, 2019, and 2018, focusing on revenues and expenses that impacted earnings for these periods.
operating revenues the utility's electric and natural gas operating revenues that impacted earnings increased $546 million, or 5%, in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to increased base revenues authorized in the 2020 grc and 2019 gt&s rate cases, additional revenues recorded pursuant to the to20 rate case, and cema interim rate relief.
the utility's electric and natural gas operating revenues that impacted earnings increased $988 million, or 9%, in 2019 compared to 2018, primarily due to increased revenues authorized in the 2017 grc and 2019 gt&s rate cases, and revenues recorded pursuant to the to20 rate case.
operating and maintenance the utility's operating and maintenance expenses that impacted earnings decreased $768 million, or 11%, in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to a reduction in accelerated transmission inspection and repair costs of approximately $460 million. additionally, in 2019 the utility recorded $398 million related to the wildfires oii settlement and $237 million in disallowed costs for previously incurred capital expenditures in excess of adopted amounts in the 2019 gt&s rate case in 2019, with no similar charges in 2020. these decreases were partially offset by an increase of $223 million in previously deferred cema costs recorded in conjunction with interim rate relief (see "2018 cema application" below) (the utility amortized $298 million in deferred cema costs in 2020, compared to $75 million amortized in 2019). the utility also experienced increased insurance premium costs in the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to 2019.
the utility's operating and maintenance expenses that impacted earnings increased $1,692 million, or 31%, in 2019 compared to 2018, primarily due to $773 million in costs related to enhanced and accelerated inspections and repairs of transmission and distribution assets, with no similar charges in the same period in 2018. additionally, the utility recorded $398 million in 2019 related to the wildfires oii settlement, with no similar charge in the same period in 2018. also, the utility recorded $237 million in disallowed costs for previously incurred capital expenditures in excess of adopted amounts in the 2019 gt&s rate case, with no similar charges in 2018.
wildfire-related claims, net of insurance recoveries costs related to wildfires that impacted earnings decreased by $11.2 billion, or 98%, in 2020 compared to 2019. the utility recognized pre-tax charges of $625 million related to the 2019 kincade fire, partially offset by $430 million of probable insurance recoveries, and pre-tax charges of $275 million related to the 2020 zogg fire, partially offset by $219 million of probable insurance recoveries in 2020. the utility recognized charges of $11.4 billion in 2019, for wildfire-related claims primarily associated with the 2018 camp fire and 2017 northern california wildfires.
costs related to wildfires that impacted earnings decreased by $336 million, or 3%, in 2019 compared to 2018. the utility recognized charges of $11.4 billion and $11.8 billion in 2019 and 2018, respectively, for wildfire-related claims, net of probable insurance recoveries, primarily associated with the 2018 camp fire and 2017 northern california wildfires.
(see item 1a. risk factors and note 14 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.)
wildfire fund expense wildfire fund expense that impacted earnings increased by $413 million, or 100%, in 2020 compared to 2019. in 2020, the utility became eligible to participate in the wildfire fund and as a result recorded amortization and accretion expense related to the wildfire fund coverage received from the effective date of ab 1054 through december 31, 2020.
(see notes 3 and 14 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.)
depreciation, amortization, and decommissioning the utility's depreciation, amortization, and decommissioning expenses increased by $236 million, or 7%, in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to capital additions and an increase in depreciation rates associated with the to20 decision.
the utility's depreciation, amortization, and decommissioning expenses increased by $197 million, or 6%, in 2019 compared to 2018, primarily due to capital additions.
interest income the utility's interest income that impacted earnings decreased by $43 million, or 52%, in 2020 compared to 2019. interest income decreased by $8 million, or 11%, in 2019 compared to 2018. the utility's interest income is primarily affected by changes in regulatory balancing accounts and changes in interest rates.
interest expense interest expense that impacted earnings increased by $199 million, or 22%, in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to the issuance of new debt in 2020 in connection with the emergence from chapter 11.
the utility's interest expense decreased by $2 million, or 0%, in 2019 compared to 2018. beginning january 29, 2019 in connection with the chapter 11 cases, the utility ceased recording interest on outstanding pre-petition debt subject to compromise. in the fourth quarter of 2019, following the bankruptcy court's december 30, 2019 memorandum decision in which it ruled that the holders of allowed unsecured claims are entitled to post-petition interest at the federal judgment rate of 2.59%, and pursuant to the terms of the noteholder rsa, the utility concluded that interest was probable of being an allowed claim and resumed recording interest on pre-petition debt subject to compromise.
the utility's other income, net decreased by $41 million, or 39%, in 2019 compared to 2018, primarily due to a decrease in afudc due to a decrease in equity ratio resulting from wildfire loss accruals.
reorganization items, net there was no material change to reorganization items, net that impacted earnings in 2020 compared to 2019.
reorganization items, net increased by $320 million, or 100%, in 2019 compared to 2018, due to $370 million of expenses directly associated with the utility's chapter 11 filing, partially offset by interest income of $50 million, with no corresponding charges in 2018.
income tax provision (benefit)
income tax provision increased by $3.8 billion in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to a pre-tax loss in 2019 compared to pre-tax income in 2020. additionally, there was a $619 million adjustment from the measurement of the deferred tax asset associated with the difference between the liability recorded related to the tcc rsa and the ultimate value of pg&e corporation stock contributed to the fire victim trust in 2020.
the utility's income tax benefit increased $112 million in 2019 compared to 2018, primarily due to higher pre-tax losses.
state income tax (net of federal benefit) (1)                             19.1   %                7.5   %            7.9   %
tax credits                                                              (1.7)   %                0.1   %            0.1   %
(2) includes the effect of federal flow-through ratemaking treatment for certain property-related costs. for these temporary tax differences, the utility recognizes the deferred tax impact in the current period and records offsetting regulatory assets and liabilities. therefore, the utility's effective tax rate is impacted as these differences arise and reverse. the utility recognizes such differences as regulatory assets or liabilities as it is probable that these amounts will be recovered from or returned to customers in future rates. the amounts also reflect the impact of the amortization of excess deferred tax benefits to be refunded to customers as a result of the tax act passed in december 2017.
(3) includes an adjustment of the measurement of the deferred tax asset associated with the difference between the liability recorded related to the tcc rsa and the ultimate value of pg&e corporation stock contributed to the fire victim trust.
(4) these amounts primarily represent the impact of tax audit settlements and non-tax deductible costs in 2020 and 2019.
utility revenues and costs that did not impact earnings fluctuations in revenues that did not impact earnings are primarily driven by procurement costs. see below for more information.
cost of electricity the utility's cost of electricity includes the cost of power purchased from third parties (including renewable energy resources), fuel and associated transmission costs used in its own generation facilities, fuel and associated transmission costs supplied to other facilities under power purchase agreements, costs to comply with california's cap-and-trade program, and realized gains and losses on price risk management activities. cost of electricity also includes net sales (utility owned generation and third parties) in the caiso electricity markets. (see note 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.) the utility's total purchased power is driven by customer demand, net caiso electricity market activities (purchases or sales), the availability of the utility's own generation facilities (including diablo canyon and its hydroelectric plants), and the cost-effectiveness of each source of electricity.
fuel used in own generation facilities             262                      286                     297
total cost of electricity                       $3,116                   $3,095                  $3,828
cost of natural gas the utility's cost of natural gas includes the costs of procurement, storage and transportation of natural gas, costs to comply with california's cap-and-trade program, and realized gains and losses on price risk management activities. (see note 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.) the utility's cost of natural gas is impacted by the market price of natural gas, changes in the cost of storage and transportation, and changes in customer demand.
operating and maintenance expenses the utility's operating expenses that did not impact earnings include certain costs that the utility is authorized to recover as incurred.  if the utility were to spend more than authorized amounts, these expenses could have an impact to earnings.
other income, net the utility's other income, net that did not impact earnings includes pension and other post-retirement benefit costs that fluctuate primarily from market and interest rate changes.
liquidity and financial resources overview as a result of pg&e corporation's and the utility's emergence from chapter 11 on july 1, 2020, substantial doubt has been alleviated regarding the company's ability to meet its obligations as they become due within one year after the date the financial statements were issued.
as of and subsequent to the effective date, the utility's ability to fund operations, finance capital expenditures, make scheduled principal and interest payments, and make distributions to pg&e corporation depends on the levels of its operating cash flows and access to the capital and credit markets. the cpuc authorizes the utility's capital structure, the aggregate amount of long-term and short-term debt that the utility may issue, and the revenue requirements the utility is able to collect to recover its cost of capital. the utility generally utilizes retained earnings, equity contributions from pg&e corporation and long-term debt issuances to maintain its cpuc-authorized long-term capital structure consisting of 52% equity and 48% debt and preferred stock and relies on short-term debt, including its revolving credit facilities, to fund temporary financing needs. on may 28, 2020, the cpuc approved a final decision in the chapter 11 proceedings oii, which, among other things, grants the utility a temporary, five-year waiver from compliance with its authorized capital structure for the financing in place upon the utility's emergence from chapter 11.
pg&e corporation's ability to fund operations, make scheduled principal and interest payments, and fund equity contributions to the utility depends on the level of cash on hand, cash distributions received from the utility, and pg&e corporation's access to the capital and credit markets.
in 2019, as a result of the initiation of the chapter 11 cases, each of moody's, fitch, and s&p withdrew its credit ratings for pg&e corporation and the utility. as a result of pg&e corporation's and the utility's credit ratings ceasing to be rated at investment grade, the utility was required to post collateral under certain of its commodity purchase agreements and certain other obligations. on june 15, 2020, moody's, fitch, and s&p recommenced rating the utility and pg&e corporation.
pg&e corporation's and the utility's credit ratings may be affected by the ultimate outcome of pending enforcement and litigation matters. credit rating downgrades may increase the cost and availability of short-term borrowing, including credit facilities and long-term debt costs. in addition, some of the utility's commodity contracts contain collateral posting provisions tied to the utility's credit rating from each of the major credit rating agencies.
as a result of the outbreak of covid-19, pg&e corporation's and the utility's financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows could continue to be significantly affected. the utility continues to evaluate the overall impact of the covid-19 pandemic; however, the utility expects a significant impact on monthly cash collections as long as current circumstances persist, including the moratorium on service disconnections for residential and small business customers and an observed reduction in non-residential electrical load. the utility's customer energy accounts receivable balances over 30 days outstanding as of december 31, 2020, were approximately $825 million, or $478 million higher as compared to the balances as of december 31, 2019. the utility is unable to estimate the portion of the increase directly attributable to the covid-19 pandemic. the utility expects to continue experiencing an impact on monthly cash collections in 2021 and for as long as current covid-19 circumstances persist. the reduction in cash collections from customers may be partially offset by reductions in discretionary spending or potential regulatory impacts.
the outbreak of covid-19 and the resulting economic conditions and government orders have had and will continue to have a significant adverse impact on the utility's customers and, as a result, these circumstances have and will continue to impact the utility for an indeterminate period of time. although the utility is seeking regulatory relief to mitigate the impact of the consequences of the covid-19 pandemic, there can be no assurance that any relief is forthcoming or that, if any relief measures are implemented, the timing that any such relief would impact the utility. on april 16, 2020, the cpuc approved a resolution that authorizes utilities to establish memorandum accounts to track incremental costs associated with complying with the customer protections described within the resolution. on may 1, 2020, the utility filed an advice letter with the cpuc, describing all reasonable and necessary actions to implement emergency customer protections through april 16, 2021, which was subsequently updated on june 2, 2020, and july 15, 2020, to modify and clarify the filing based on cpuc guidance. on july 27, 2020, the cpuc approved the utility's advice letter. (see "emergency authorization and order directing utilities to implement emergency customer covid-19 protections" below for more information.)
cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and short-term, highly liquid investments, with original maturities of three months or less. pg&e corporation and the utility maintain separate bank accounts and primarily invest their cash in money market funds. in addition to cash and cash equivalents, the utility holds restricted cash that primarily consists of cash held in escrow to be used to pay bankruptcy related professional fees.
financial resources dip credit agreement in connection with the chapter 11 cases, pg&e corporation and the utility entered into the dip credit agreement, which received final approval from the bankruptcy court on march 27, 2019.
on july 1, 2020, the dip facilities (as defined in the dip credit agreement) were repaid in full and all commitments thereunder were terminated in connection with emergence from chapter 11.
equity financings on july 23, 2020, pg&e corporation sent a notice of termination to the managers of the amended and restated equity distribution agreement, dated as of february 17, 2017, effectively terminating the agreement on that date. as of the termination date for this agreement, there were no issuances under this agreement.
in connection with its emergence from chapter 11, in july 2020, pg&e corporation issued for gross proceeds of approximately $9.0 billion (i) 423.4 million shares of its common stock (the "common stock offering"), (ii) 342.1 million shares of common stock to the pipe investors pursuant to the investment agreement, (iii) prepaid forward contracts between pg&e corporation and the backstop parties dated as of june 19, 2020 (the "forward stock purchase agreements") and (iv) 14.5 million of its equity units (the "equity units" and such offering the "equity unit offering").
in august 2020, pg&e corporation issued (i) 1.45 million equity units to the equity units underwriters upon their exercise of their over-allotment option to purchase up to 1.45 million additional equity units (such issuance, the "additional units issuance") and (ii) 42.3 million shares to the backstop parties pursuant to the forward stock purchase agreements (with the balance of the forward stock purchase agreements being redeemed with the cash proceeds of these additional equity units).
the prepaid forward stock purchase contract portion of the equity units issued in july and august 2020 represents the right of the unitholders to receive, on the settlement date, between 125 million and 153 million shares, and between 12.5 million and 15.3 million shares, respectively, of pg&e corporation common stock, based on the value of pg&e corporation common stock. the common stock received will be based on the value of pg&e corporation common stock over a measurement period specified in the purchase contracts and subject to certain adjustments as provided therein. the settlement date of the purchase contracts is august 16, 2023, subject to acceleration or postponement as provided in the purchase contracts. such gross proceeds were used to fund distributions under the plan.
for the year ended december 31, 2020, pg&e corporation made equity contributions to the utility of $12.9 billion in cash and 478 million shares of pg&e corporation common stock. such shares were transferred to the fire victim trust.
debt financings utility on june 19, 2020, the utility completed the sale of (i) $500 million aggregate principal amount of floating rate first mortgage bonds due june 16, 2022, (ii) $2.5 billion aggregate principal amount of 1.75% first mortgage bonds due june 16, 2022, (iii) $1 billion aggregate principal amount of 2.10% first mortgage bonds due august 1, 2027, (iv) $2 billion aggregate principal amount of 2.50% first mortgage bonds due february 1, 2031, (v) $1 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.30% first mortgage bonds due august 1, 2040, and (vi) $1.925 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.50% first mortgage bonds due august 1, 2050 (collectively, the "mortgage bonds"). the proceeds of the mortgage bonds were deposited into an account at the bank of new york mellon trust company, n.a., as escrow agent, which proceeds were held by the escrow agent as collateral pursuant to an escrow agreement by and between the escrow agent and the utility. on july 1, 2020, the net proceeds from the sale of the mortgage bonds were released from escrow and, together with the net proceeds from certain other plan financing transactions, were used to effectuate the reorganization of the utility and pg&e corporation in accordance with the terms and conditions contained in the plan.
on the effective date, pursuant to the plan, the utility issued approximately $11.9 billion of its first mortgage bonds (collectively, the "new mortgage bonds") in satisfaction of certain of its pre-petition senior unsecured debt.
on the effective date, pursuant to the plan, the utility reinstated approximately $9.6 billion aggregate principal amount of the utility reinstated senior notes. on the effective date, each series of the utility reinstated senior notes was collateralized by the utility's delivery of a first mortgage bond in a corresponding principal amount to the applicable trustee for the benefit of the holders of the utility reinstated senior notes.
the mortgage bonds, the new mortgage bonds and the utility reinstated senior notes are secured by a first priority lien, subject to permitted liens, on substantially all of the utility's real property and certain tangible property related to its facilities. the mortgage bonds, the new mortgage bonds and the utility reinstated senior notes are the utility's senior obligations and rank equally in right of payment with the utility's other existing or future first mortgage bonds issued under the utility's mortgage indenture.
on the effective date, by operation of the plan, all outstanding obligations under the utility short-term senior notes, the utility long-term senior notes and the utility funded debt were cancelled and the applicable agreements governing such obligations were terminated.
on november 16, 2020, the utility completed the sale of $1.45 billion aggregate principal amount of floating rate first mortgage bonds due november 15, 2021. proceeds from the sale of the mortgage bonds were used for general corporate purposes, including the repayment of borrowings outstanding under the receivables securitization program and under the utility revolving credit agreement.
for more information, see "other short-term borrowings" and "long-term debt" in note 5 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
pg&e corporation on june 23, 2020, pg&e corporation obtained a $2.75 billion secured term loan (the "pg&e corporation term loan") under a term loan credit agreement (the "term loan agreement"). the pg&e corporation term loan matures on june 23, 2025, unless extended by pg&e corporation pursuant to the terms of the term loan agreement. the proceeds of the pg&e corporation term loan were initially deposited into an account at the bank of new york mellon trust company, n.a., as escrow agent, which proceeds were held by the escrow agent as collateral pursuant to an escrow agreement by and among the collateral agent, the escrow agent, the administrative agent and pg&e corporation. on july 1, 2020, the net proceeds from the pg&e corporation term loan were released from escrow and were used to fund, in part, the transactions contemplated under the plan.
in accordance with the term loan credit agreement, pg&e corporation is required to repay the principal amount outstanding on the pg&e corporation term loan in an amount equal to $6.875 million on the last business day of each quarter.
on february 1, 2021, pg&e corporation entered into a repricing amendment with the lenders under the term loan credit agreement pursuant to which, among other things, the applicable interest rate was reduced.
additionally, on june 23, 2020, pg&e corporation completed the sale of (i) $1 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.00% senior secured notes due july 1, 2028 and (ii) $1 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.25% senior secured notes due july 1, 2030 (collectively, the "notes"). the proceeds of the notes were initially deposited into an account at the bank of new york mellon trust company, n.a., as escrow agent, which proceeds were held by the escrow agent as collateral pursuant to an escrow agreement by and amount the escrow agent and pg&e corporation. on july 1, 2020, the net proceeds from the sale of the notes were released from escrow and, together with the net proceeds from certain other plan financing transactions, were used to effectuate the reorganization of pg&e corporation and the utility in accordance with the terms and conditions contained in the plan.
on the effective date, pg&e corporation repaid and terminated $350 million of borrowings, plus interest, fees and other expenses arising under or in connection with the term loan agreement, dated as of april 16, 2018, among pg&e corporation, as borrower, the several lenders party thereto and mizuho bank ltd., as administrative agent.
for more information, see "long-term debt" in note 5 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
credit facilities utility on july 1, 2020, the utility entered into a $3.5 billion revolving credit agreement (the "utility revolving credit agreement") with jpm., and citibank, n.a. as co-administrative agents and citibank, n.a., as designated agent. the utility revolving credit agreement has tenor of three years, subject to two one-year extension options. the proceeds from the borrowings under the utility revolving credit agreement were used to fund, in part, transactions contemplated under the plan and are intended to finance working capital needs, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes of the utility and its subsidiaries.
in addition, on july 1, 2020, the utility obtained a $3 billion secured term loan under a term loan credit agreement (the "utility term loan credit agreement") with jpm, as administrative agent, and the other lenders from time to time party thereto. the facilities under the utility term loan credit agreement consist of a $1.5 billion 364-day term loan facility (the "utility 364-day term loan facility") and a $1.5 billion 18-month term loan facility (the "utility 18-month term loan facility"). the maturity date for the utility 364-day term loan facility is june 30, 2021 and the maturity date for the utility 18-month term loan facility is january 1, 2022. the proceeds from the loans under the utility term loan credit agreement were used to fund, in part, transactions contemplated under the plan.
at december 31, 2020, the utility had $3.0 billion of debt outstanding under the term loan credit agreement and had $1.9 billion available under the $3.5 billion utility revolving credit agreement.
for more information, see "credit facilities" in note 5 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
pg&e corporation on july 1, 2020, pg&e corporation entered into a $500 million revolving credit agreement (the "corporation revolving credit agreement") with jpm, as administrative agent and collateral agent. the corporation revolving credit agreement has a maturity date three years after its effective date, subject to two one-year extensions at the option of pg&e corporation. the proceeds from loans under the corporation revolving credit agreement will be used to finance working capital needs, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes of pg&e corporation and its subsidiaries.
on the effective date, pg&e corporation repaid and terminated $300 million of outstanding borrowings under the second amended and restated credit agreement, dated as of april 27, 2015, among pg&e corporation, as borrower, the several lenders party thereto and bank of america, n.a., as administrative agent.
at december 31, 2020, pg&e corporation did not have any borrowings outstanding under the corporation revolving credit agreement.
for more information, see "credit facilities" in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
receivables securitization program on october 5, 2020, the utility, in its individual capacity and in its capacity as initial servicer, entered into an accounts receivable securitization program (the "receivables securitization program"), providing for the sale of a portion of the utility's accounts receivable to the spv, a limited liability company wholly owned by the utility. pursuant to the receivables securitization program, the utility sells certain of its receivables and certain related rights to payment and obligations of the utility with respect to such receivables and certain other related rights to the spv, which, in turn, obtains loans secured by the receivables from financial institutions (the "lenders"). the utility has pledged to the lenders 100% of the equity interests in the spv as security for the repayment of the loans. the aggregate principal amount of the loans made by the lenders cannot exceed $1 billion outstanding at any time.
the loans under the receivables securitization program bear interest based on a spread over libor dependent on the tranche period thereto and any breakage fees accrued. the receivables financing agreement contains customary libor benchmark replacement language giving the administrative agent, with consent from the spv as to the successor rate, the right to determine such successor rate. the receivables securitization program contains certain customary representations and warranties and affirmative and negative covenants, including as to the eligibility of the receivables being sold by the utility and securing the loans made by the lenders, as well as customary reserve requirements, receivables securitization program termination events, and servicer defaults. the receivables securitization program termination events permit the lenders to terminate the agreement upon the occurrence of certain specified events, including failure by the spv to pay amounts when due, certain defaults on indebtedness under the utility's credit facility, certain judgments, a change of control, certain events negatively affecting the overall credit quality of transferred receivables and bankruptcy and insolvency events.
the receivables securitization program is scheduled to terminate on october 5, 2022, unless extended or earlier terminated, at which time no further advances will be available and the obligations thereunder must be repaid in full no later than (i) the date that is 180 days following such date or (ii) such earlier date on which the loans under the program become due and payable.
in general, the proceeds from the sale of the accounts receivable are used by the spv to pay the purchase price for accounts receivables it acquires from the utility and may be used to fund capital expenditures, repay borrowings on the utility revolving credit facility, satisfy maturing debt obligations, as well as fund working capital needs and other approved uses.
although the spv is a wholly owned consolidated subsidiary of the utility, the spv is legally separate from the utility. the assets of the spv (including the accounts receivable) are not available to creditors of the utility or pg&e corporation, and the accounts receivables are not legally assets of the utility or pg&e corporation. the receivables securitization program is accounted for as a secured financing. the pledged receivables and the corresponding debt are included in accounts receivable and long-term debt, respectively, on the consolidated balance sheets.
dividends on december 20, 2017, the boards of directors of pg&e corporation and the utility suspended quarterly cash dividends on both pg&e corporation's and the utility's common stock, beginning the fourth quarter of 2017, as well as the utility's preferred stock, beginning the three-month period ending january 31, 2018.
on april 3, 2019, the court overseeing the utility's probation issued an order imposing new conditions of probation, including forgoing issuing "any dividends until [the utility] is in compliance with all applicable vegetation management requirements" under applicable law and the utility's wmp.
on march 20, 2020, pg&e corporation and the utility filed a case resolution contingency process motion with the bankruptcy court that includes a dividend restriction for pg&e corporation. according to the dividend restriction, pg&e corporation "will not pay common dividends until it has recognized $6.2 billion in non-gaap core earnings following the effective date" of the plan. the bankruptcy court entered the order approving the motion on april 9, 2020.
in addition, the corporation revolving credit agreement requires that pg&e corporation (1) maintain a ratio of total consolidated debt to consolidated capitalization of no greater than 70% as of the end of each fiscal quarter and (2) if revolving loans are outstanding as of the end of a fiscal quarter, a ratio of adjusted cash to fixed charges, as of the end of such fiscal quarter, of at least 150% prior to the date that pg&e corporation first declares a cash dividend on its common stock and at least 100% thereafter.
under the utility's articles of incorporation, the utility cannot pay common stock dividends unless all cumulative preferred dividends on the utility's preferred stock have been paid. additionally, the cpuc requires the utility to maintain a capital structure composed of at least 52% equity on average. on may 28, 2020, the cpuc approved a final decision in the chapter 11 proceedings oii, which, among other things, grants the utility a temporary, five-year waiver from compliance with its authorized capital structure for the financing in place upon the utility's emergence from chapter 11.
subject to the foregoing restrictions, any decision to declare and pay dividends in the future will be made at the discretion of the boards of directors and will depend on, among other things, results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors that the boards of directors may deem relevant. as of december 31, 2020, it is uncertain as to when pg&e corporation and the utility will commence the payment of dividends on their common stock and when the utility will commence the payment of dividends on its preferred stock.
utility cash flows the utility's cash flows were as follows:
net cash provided by (used in) operating activities               $(19,047)                        $4,810                      $4,704
net cash used in investing activities                             (7,748)                         (6,378)                     (6,564)
net cash provided by financing activities                         26,070                            1,395                       2,708
operating activities the utility's cash flows from operating activities primarily consist of receipts from customers less payments of operating expenses, other than expenses such as depreciation that do not require the use of cash. during 2020, net cash provided by operating activities decreased by $23.9 billion compared to 2019. this decrease was primarily due to the payment of $18.8 billion in satisfaction of pre-petition wildfire-related claims (including claims associated with the 2018 camp fire, the 2017 northern california wildfires, and the 2015 butte fire), and the initial, first and second annual contributions made to the wildfire fund of $5.2 billion, with no similar payments made in 2019.
during 2019, net cash provided by operating activities increased by $106 million compared to 2018. this increase was due to a decrease in interest paid from $773 million to $7 million as a result of the automatic stay as of the petition date. additionally, income taxes paid decreased from $59 million in 2018 to zero in 2019. these decreases in amounts paid were offset by an increase in amounts paid for reorganization items, and enhanced and accelerated inspections and repairs of transmission and distribution assets in 2019, with no similar payments in 2018, partially offset by additional amounts not paid due to the automatic stay as of the petition date.
future cash flow from operating activities will be affected by various factors, including:
•the timing and amount of costs in connection with the 2019 kincade fire;
•the timing and amount of costs in connection with the 2020 zogg fire;
•the timing and amounts of costs, including fines and penalties, that may be incurred in connection with current and future enforcement, litigation, and regulatory matters (see "enforcement matters" in note 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 and "regulatory matters" below for more information);
•the severity, extent and duration of the global covid-19 pandemic and its impact on the utility's service territory, the ability of the utility to collect on its customer invoices, the ability of the utility's customers to pay their utility bills in full and in a timely manner, the ability of the utility to offset these effects, including with spending reductions and the ability of the utility to recover from customers any losses incurred in connection with covid-19, as well as the impact of covid-19 on the availability or cost of financing;
•the timing and amounts of annual contributions to the wildfire fund and if necessary, the availability of funds to pay eligible claims for liabilities arising from future wildfires;
•the timing and amount of substantially increasing costs in connection with the 2019 and 2020-2022 wmps that are not currently being recovered in rates (see "regulatory matters" below for more information);
•the timing and amount of premium payments related to wildfire insurance (see "insurance coverage" in note 14 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for more information);
•the timing and outcomes of the ferc to18 and to19 rate cases, 2018 and 2019 cema applications, wema application, wmce application, future applications for cost recovery of amounts recorded to the frmma, cppma, wmpma, vmba, wmba and rtba, future cost of capital proceedings and other ratemaking and regulatory proceedings.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities increased by $1.4 billion during 2020 as compared to 2019 partially due to the payment of pre-petition vendor payables for capital expenditures as a result of emerging from chapter 11. net cash used in investing activities decreased by $186 million during 2019 as compared to 2018 primarily due to a decrease in cash paid for capital expenditures as a result of the automatic stay as of the petition date. the utility's investing activities primarily consist of the construction of new and replacement facilities necessary to provide safe and reliable electricity and natural gas services to its customers.  cash used in investing activities also includes the proceeds from sales of nuclear decommissioning trust investments which are largely offset by the amount of cash used to purchase new nuclear decommissioning trust investments.  the funds in the decommissioning trusts, along with accumulated earnings, are used exclusively for decommissioning and dismantling the utility's nuclear generation facilities.
future cash flows used in investing activities are largely dependent on the timing and amount of capital expenditures.  the utility estimates that it will incur between $7.5 billion and $8.3 billion in capital expenditures in 2021. additionally, future cash flows from investing activities will be impacted by the timing of and amount received from the proposed sale of the utility's sfgo.
financing activities during 2020, net cash provided by financing activities increased by $24.7 billion as compared to 2019. this increase was primarily due to pg&e corporation making a cash equity contribution to the utility of approximately $13.0 billion, and due to the utility receiving $10.4 billion in proceeds from the issuance of short-term and long-term first mortgage bonds, with no similar activity in 2019. additionally, the utility had net borrowings of $4.6 billion under its credit facilities during the year ended december 31, 2020, with no similar activity in 2019 due to the utility entering into the facilities in 2020. these increases were partially offset by net repayments of $1.5 billion on the dip facilities in 2020, as compared to net borrowings of $1.5 billion on the dip facilities in 2019.
during 2019, net cash provided by financing activities decreased by $1.3 billion as compared to 2018. this decrease was primarily due to $2.9 billion of net borrowings under revolving credit facilities in 2018, partially offset by $1.5 billion of net borrowings under the dip initial term loan facility in 2019.
cash provided by or used in financing activities is driven by the utility's financing needs, which depend on the level of cash provided by or used in operating activities, the level of cash provided by or used in investing activities, the conditions in the capital markets, and the maturity date of existing debt instruments.
contractual commitments the following table provides information about pg&e corporation's and the utility's contractual commitments at december 31, 2020:
(in millions)                                               less than1 year                      1-3                      3-5                  more than                    total years                    years                    5 years utility long-term debt (1)                                           $4,043                       $7,778                   $4,209                  $35,895                    $51,925
pension and other benefits (3)                                  342                          684                      684                      342                      2,052
total contractual commitments                                $7,888                      $13,918                  $12,498                  $63,097                    $97,401
(1) includes interest payments over the terms of the debt. interest is calculated using the applicable interest rate at december 31, 2020 and outstanding principal for each instrument with the terms ending at each instrument's maturity. (see note 5 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.)
(2) see "purchase commitments" and "other commitments" in note 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
(3) see note 12 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8. payments into the pension and other benefits plans are based on annual contribution requirements. as these annual requirements continue indefinitely into the future, the amount shown in the column entitled "more than 5 years" represents only 1 year of contributions for the utility's pension and other benefit plans.
(4) beginning with the three-month period ending january 31, 2018, quarterly cash dividends on the utility's preferred stock were suspended.  while the timing of cumulative dividend payments is uncertain, it is assumed for the table above to be payable within a fixed period of five years based on historical performance.  (see note 7 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.)
the contractual commitments table above excludes potential payments associated with unrecognized tax positions.  due to the uncertainty surrounding tax audits, pg&e corporation and the utility cannot make reliable estimates of the amounts and periods of future payments to major tax jurisdictions related to unrecognized tax benefits.  matters relating to tax years that remain subject to examination are discussed in note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
except as otherwise set forth in the plan and the confirmation order, all executory contracts and unexpired leases were assumed by pg&e corporation or the utility, as applicable, on the effective date. accordingly, any description of an executory contract or unexpired lease with pg&e corporation or the utility in this annual report on form 10-k, including where applicable a quantification of the obligations under any such executory contract or unexpired lease, is qualified by any overriding assumption or rejection rights pg&e corporation or the utility, as applicable, has under the bankruptcy code, the plan, and the confirmation order. further, nothing herein is or shall be deemed to be an admission with respect to any claim amounts or calculations arising from the rejection of any executory contract or unexpired lease and pg&e corporation and the utility expressly reserve all of their rights with respect thereto.
off-balance sheet arrangements pg&e corporation and the utility do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have had, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future material effect on their financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources, other than those discussed under "purchase commitments" in note 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
enforcement and litigation matters pg&e corporation and the utility have significant contingencies arising from their operations, including contingencies related to the enforcement and litigation matters described in notes 14 and 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8. that are incorporated by reference herein. the outcome of these matters, individually or in the aggregate, could have a material effect on pg&e corporation's and the utility's financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows.
u.s. district court matters and probation on august 9, 2016, the jury in the federal criminal trial against the utility in the united states district court for the northern district of california, in san francisco, found the utility guilty on one count of obstructing a federal agency proceeding and five counts of violations of pipeline integrity management regulations of the natural gas pipeline safety act. on january 26, 2017, the court imposed a sentence on the utility in connection with the conviction. the court sentenced the utility to a five-year corporate probation period, oversight by the monitor for a period of five years, with the ability to apply for early termination after three years, a fine of $3 million to be paid to the federal government, certain advertising requirements, and community service.
the probation includes a requirement that the utility not commit any local, state, or federal crimes during the probation period. as part of the probation, the utility has retained the monitor at the utility's expense. the goal of the monitor is to help ensure that the utility takes reasonable and appropriate steps to maintain the safety of its gas and electric operations, and to maintain effective ethics, compliance and safety related incentive programs on a utility-wide basis.
on august 7, 2020, after a number of filings involving different parties, the court entered an order adopting the new conditions jointly proposed by the utility, the monitor, and the department of justice on june 24, 2020. among other things, these conditions require the utility to staff an in-house vegetation inspection manager and approximately 30 additional field inspectors to oversee vegetation management work. further, the utility is required to implement a program to assess the age and expected useful life of certain electrical components in high fire-threat areas, incorporate this information into its risk-based asset management programs, and provide monthly progress reports to the monitor. the utility must also hire additional inspectors to oversee inspections of its transmission assets and implement a 90-day replacement requirement for cold end hardware in high fire-threat areas with an observed material loss approaching 50%.
on december 29, 2020, the court entered an order requiring the utility to show cause as to why additional proposed conditions of probation should not be added. the proposed conditions would require the utility to, when determining which distribution lines to de-energize during a psps event: (i) take into account the extent to which vegetation bordering those lines is not in compliance with certain requirements, and (ii) to the extent that information shows that such vegetation presents a safety hazard in the event of a windstorm, make a specific determination with respect to that distribution line and de-energize it unless the utility finds in writing that there are specific reasons to believe that no safety issues exist. the utility filed its response on january 20, 2021, proposing supplemental language to clarify and specify how the utility will implement the new conditions proposed by the court. a hearing on the matter was held on february 3, 2021. on february 4, 2021, the court entered an order indicating that, if certain alterations were made, the court may be willing to accept the utility's proposed modified conditions in lieu of the conditions proposed in the court's december 29, 2020 order. all parties and amici responded to the order on february 19, 2021 and any replies must be submitted by february 26, 2021. a hearing is scheduled for march 9, 2021.
on february 4, 2021, the court entered an order requiring the utility to show cause as to why the additional proposed conditions of probation suggested by amici in a january 27, 2021 filing should not be added. the proposed conditions would require the utility to: (i) hire a chief data operations officer with the responsibility to review the utility's information management and record-keeping systems and manage the relationship to operations, including vegetation management work and psps; (ii) initiate steps to prevent data falsification or omission; (iii) propose a plan to mark trees in tier 2 and tier 3 high wildfire danger zones for removal and track the status of the tree removal process for vegetation management; and (iv) propose steps to improve its information management and records-keeping process to improve information integrity, inform analysis, and inform and enhance daily operations including psps. the utility's, the monitor's, and the united states' responses are due by march 3, 2021, and any reply by amici is due by march 10, 2021.
on february 18, 2021, the court issued an order requiring the utility to show cause as to why an additional proposed condition of probation, which would require the utility to "identify and remove any tree or portion thereof leaning toward any distribution line if it may contact the line from the side or fall on the line and must do so regardless of the health of the tree[,]" should not be added. the utility's response is due by march 4, 2021, any response by the united states and/or amici is due by march 11, 2021, and the utility's reply is due by march 17, 2021. a hearing on the matter is scheduled for march 23, 2021.
in the course of 2020 and 2021, the court entered numerous other orders, including in connection with the utility's vegetation management, the utility's psps program, the 2018 camp fire, the 2019 kincade fire, and the 2020 zogg fire.
the utility expects to receive additional orders from the court in the future.
order instituting an investigation into pg&e corporation's and the utility's safety culture on august 27, 2015, the cpuc began a formal investigation into whether the organizational culture and governance of pg&e corporation and the utility prioritize safety and adequately direct resources to promote accountability and achieve safety goals and standards (the "safety culture oii"). the cpuc directed the sed to evaluate the utility's and pg&e corporation's organizational culture, governance, policies, practices, and accountability metrics in relation to the utility's record of operations, including its record of safety incidents. the sed engaged a consultant to assist in the sed's investigation and the preparation of a report containing the sed's assessment, and subsequently, to report on the implementation by the utility of the consultant's recommendations.
on june 18, 2019, the cpuc issued a ruling requesting comments from parties on four proposals that it stated may improve the safety culture of pg&e corporation and the utility. the four proposals are: separating the utility into gas and electric utilities (including, as one possibility, sale of the gas assets to a third party); establishing periodic review of the utility's certificate of convenience and necessity; modifying or eliminating pg&e corporation's holding company structure; and linking the utility's rate of return or return on equity to safety performance metrics. opening comments on the ruling were filed on july 19, 2019 and reply comments were filed on august 2, 2019.
on september 4, 2020, the alj issued a ruling updating case status, which states that the proceeding will remain open as a vehicle to monitor the progress of the utility in improving its safety culture, and to address any relevant issues that arise, with the cpuc's consultant northstar consulting group, inc. continuing in a monitoring role. the ruling states that additional issues may be raised in the proceedings by parties or the cpuc.
regulatory matters the utility is subject to substantial regulation by the cpuc, the ferc, the nrc, and other federal and state regulatory agencies. the resolutions of the proceedings described below and other proceedings may materially affect pg&e corporation's and the utility's financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows.
2020 cost of capital proceeding on december 19, 2019, the cpuc approved a final decision in the 2020 cost of capital proceeding, maintaining the utility's return on common equity at the 2019 level of 10.25% for the three-year period beginning january 1, 2020, as compared to 12% requested by the utility. the utility's annual cost of capital adjustment mechanism, which allows for changes in the utility's authorized roe and cost of debt, also remains unchanged. in any year in which the difference between the average moody's utility bond rates, as measured in the 12-month period from october through september, and 4.5% (the benchmark) exceeds 100 basis points, the utility's roe will be adjusted by one-half of such difference, and the cost of debt will be trued up to the most recent recorded cost of debt. the utility can initiate this adjustment mechanism by filing an advice letter on or before october 15, to become effective on january 1 of the next year. the mechanism did not trigger in september 2020; however, as of december 31, 2020, the index is more than 100 basis points below the 4.5% benchmark. if the mechanism triggers in october 2021, then for 2022 the roe and the cost of debt will be adjusted accordingly. the decision maintains the common equity component of the utility's capital structure at 52%, as requested by the utility, and reduces its preferred stock component from 1% to 0.5%, also as requested by the utility. the decision also approves the cost of debt requested by the utility.
on may 28, 2020, the cpuc issued a decision in the oii to consider pg&e corporation's and the utility's plan of reorganization that directed the utility to submit an advice letter to update its authorized cost of debt within 30 days of the effective date of the plan. on july 22, 2020, the utility submitted an advice letter requesting to update the authorized cost of long-term debt to implement the interest cost savings resulting from the utility's exit financing. on august 20, 2020, the cpuc approved the utility's request to update the authorized cost of long-term debt from 5.16%, as authorized in december 2019, to 4.17% effective july 1, 2020.
2017 general rate case as previously disclosed, on september 13, 2019 the utility submitted an advice letter containing a revised computation of its revenue requirement due to the effects of the tax act, which indicated a $282 million net reduction to the 2018 revenue requirement and a $291 million net reduction to the 2019 revenue requirement. the revised gas revenue requirements increased by $21 million and $11 million for years 2018 and 2019, respectively, and the revised electric revenue requirements decreased by $304 million and $302 million for years 2018 and 2019, respectively. on october 17, 2019, the cpuc approved the utility's advice letter. the utility incorporated the gas revenue requirement increases into rates through its annual gas true-up advice letter beginning on january 1, 2020 and amortized over 12 months. the utility incorporated the electric revenue requirement reductions into rates through its annual electric true-up advice letter beginning on may 1, 2020. the utility incorporated the total $606 million electric revenue requirement reduction as follows: (i) $175 million related to electric generation was amortized over 12 months, (ii) the 2018 revenue requirement reduction of $215 million related to electric distribution was amortized over 10 months, and (iii) the 2019 revenue requirement reduction of $216 million related to electric distribution was included in the utility's 2021 annual electric true-up beginning on january 1, 2021, to be amortized over 12 months. the irs is expected to provide additional guidance on the average rate assumption method. this irs guidance may impact the utility's calculation of the related revenue requirement. it is uncertain when the irs guidance may be issued.
2020 general rate case on december 3, 2020, the cpuc approved the final decision for the utility's 2020 grc.
the final decision adopted most of the provisions in the settlement agreement that the utility, together with the settling parties, jointly submitted to the cpuc on december 20, 2019 (the "settlement agreement").
revenue requirements and attrition year revenues the final decision approved a 2020 authorized revenue requirement of $9.102 billion, an increase of $585 million over the 2019 authorized revenue requirement, effective january 1, 2020, as provided in the settlement agreement. the cpuc also approved the revenue requirements for 2021 and 2022 included in the settlement agreement as follows: an additional increase of $316 million in 2021 over the authorized 2020 revenue requirement, or a 3.5% increase, and an additional increase of $364 million in 2022, or a 3.9% increase. the revenue requirements will be further modified by advice letters to reflect an updated cost of debt, to remove certain customer deposits balances, and to return to customers the excess accumulated deferred income taxes that were created by the passage of the 2017 tax act. subject to the cpuc approving the advice letters, the effective dates for the 2021 and 2022 attrition year revenue requirements will be march 1, 2021, and january 1, 2022, respectively. the 2021 attrition year revenue requirement will not be implemented in rates until march 1, 2021. the utility is authorized to collect in rates the difference between the revenue requirement in effect and the 2020 grc decision-authorized revenue requirement for the period of january 1, 2020 to february 28, 2021 over the period of march 1, 2021 through december 31, 2022.
the final decision also approves, among other things, the settlement agreement provision that allows the utility to recover the annual cost of excess liability insurance for coverage of up to $1.4 billion. an advice letter is required for recovery of excess liability insurance costs for coverage exceeding $1.4 billion. the final decision also approved wildfire mitigation capital expenditures in the community wildfire safety program of $603 million in 2020, $931 million in 2021 and $1.15 billion in 2022, as provided in the settlement agreement. in addition, the final decision requires a reasonableness review and recovery of wmba costs or unit costs for system hardening in excess of 115% of the adopted amounts and vmba costs in excess of 120% of the adopted amounts through an application.
less: revenue credits                                                                    (195)                                 (42)
rate base and capital additions the cpuc also adopted the rate base amounts proposed in the settlement agreement: the 2019 weighted-average rate base of $27.7 billion was increased by $1.7 billion, effective january 1, 2020, to $29.5 billion, or a 6.2% increase; rate base of $31.0 billion in 2021, or a 5.4% increase; and $33.0 billion in 2022, or a 6.3% increase. consistent with ab 1054, the adopted rate base amounts include $140 million for august to december 2019, $603 million for 2020, $931 million for 2021 and $1.15 billion for 2022, for a total of $2.83 billion in forecast capital spend without an equity return.
over the 2020-2022 grc period, the decision provides average annual capital investments of approximately $4.5 billion in electric distribution, natural gas distribution and electric generation infrastructure.
consistent with the utility's grc application, the settlement agreement did not propose funding for claims resulting from the 2017 northern california wildfires or the 2018 camp fire. also, the utility did not seek recovery of compensation for pg&e corporation's and the utility's officers.
2023 general rate case in accordance with a january 16, 2020 cpuc decision in its oir to develop a risk-based decision-making framework to evaluate safety and reliability improvements and revise the grc plan, the utility is required to file with the cpuc on june 30, 2021 a single "general rate case" application requesting integrated grc and gt&s related revenue requirements for test year 2023 and three attrition years. the utility expects to file the 2023 grc by june 30, 2021.
on june 30, 2020, the utility filed the 2020 ramp report in advance of its 2023 grc filing. on november 25, 2020, the cpuc's spd released its evaluation of the utility's 2020 ramp report. the spd found that "[t]he 2020 ramp showed marked improvements in risk modeling rigor, data quality, and transparency over previous rate cases," but cautioned that the utility's "track record calls for continued improvements by pg&e and continued rigorous oversight by the commission." the spd held a workshop on its evaluation of the utility's ramp on december 8, 2020, and opening and reply comments were submitted on january 15, 2021 and january 29, 2021, respectively.
2015 gas transmission and storage rate case as previously disclosed, in its final decisions in the utility's 2015 gt&s rate case, the cpuc excluded from rate base $696 million of capital spending in 2011 through 2014. this was the amount forecast to be recorded in excess of the amount adopted in the 2011 gt&s rate case. the decision permanently disallowed $120 million of that amount and ordered that the remaining $576 million be subject to an audit overseen by the cpuc staff, with the possibility that the utility may seek recovery in a future proceeding. the audit report was released june 2, 2020 and did not recommend any additional disallowances. the 2015 gt&s decision authorized the utility to seek recovery, through a separate application, of those costs not recommended for disallowance by the audit. on july 31, 2020, the utility filed an application seeking recovery of $373.3 million in revenue associated with $512 million of recorded capital expenditures. on october 16, 2020, the assigned commissioner issued a scoping memo establishing the scope and schedule for the proceeding. on january 20, 2021, the utility provided supplemental testimony addressing the reasonableness of the capital expenditures. the scoping memo calls for the issuance of a proposed decision in the fourth quarter of 2021.
on november 10, 2020, the utility filed a motion seeking approximately $100 million in interim rates, assuming the cpuc reaches a final decision in this matter in late 2021 or early 2022. the cpuc has not yet ruled upon the utility's motion.
the utility is unable to predict the timing and outcome of this application.
as previously disclosed, as a result of the tax act, on october 17, 2019, the cpuc approved the utility's advice letter including a revised computation of the effects of the tax act on the revenue requirements, resulting in a $61 million reduction to the 2018 revenue requirement. the utility incorporated the revenue requirement reduction into rates through its annual gas true-up advice letter beginning january 1, 2020 and amortized over 12 months. the irs is expected to provide additional guidance on the average rate assumption method. this irs guidance may impact the utility's calculation of the related revenue requirement. it is uncertain when the irs guidance may be issued.
2019 gas transmission and storage rate case as previously disclosed, on september 12, 2019, the cpuc voted out the final decision in the 2019 gt&s rate case of the utility. by approving the decision, the cpuc adopted a 2019 revenue requirement of $1.332 billion compared to the utility's (revised) request of $1.485 billion. this corresponds to an increase of $31 million over the utility's 2018 authorized revenue requirement of $1.301 billion, compared to the $184 million increase requested by the utility. the cpuc also adopted revenue requirements of $1.432 billion for 2020, $1.516 billion for 2021, and $1.580 billion for 2022, compared to the utility's request of $1.595 billion for 2020, $1.693 billion for 2021, and $1.679 billion for 2022.
as previously disclosed, on october 23, 2019, the utility filed an application with the cpuc requesting the rehearing of the final decision. specifically, issues identified by the utility include the adopted disallowance associated with vintage pipe replacement, reduction in the utility's expense forecast for in-line inspections, and establishment of a memo account for internal corrosion direct assessment. the utility cannot predict the timing and outcome of this matter.
as previously disclosed, on january 16, 2020, the cpuc approved a final decision in its oir to develop a risk-based decision-making framework to evaluate safety and reliability improvements and revise the grc plan, as a result of which the utility will be required to combine the grc and gt&s rate cases starting with the 2023 grc. in accordance with the decision, on june 30, 2021, the utility is required to file with the cpuc a single "general rate case" application requesting integrated grc and gt&s related revenue requirements for test year 2023 and three attrition years.
as previously disclosed, on january 8, 2018, the ninth circuit court of appeals issued an opinion granting an appeal of the ferc's decisions in the to16 and to17 rate cases that had granted the utility a 50-basis point roe incentive adder for its continued participation in the caiso. if the ferc concluded on remand that the utility should no longer be authorized to receive the 50 basis point roe incentive adder, the utility would incur a refund obligation of $1 million and $8.5 million for to16 and to17, respectively. those rate case decisions were remanded to the ferc for further proceedings consistent with the court of appeals' opinion.
on july 18, 2019, the ferc issued its order on remand reaffirming its prior grant of the utility's request for the 50-basis point roe adder. on august 16, 2019, a number of parties filed for rehearing of that order.
on march 17, 2020, the ferc issued its order denying the requests for rehearing. on may 11, 2020, the cpuc and a number of other parties filed a petition for review of the ferc's orders in the ninth circuit court of appeals. the utility submitted briefing on november 12, 2020 and the briefing on the appeal was completed on december 2, 2020. the utility is unable to predict the timing and outcome of this proceeding.
as previously disclosed, on july 29, 2016, the utility filed its to18 rate case with the ferc requesting a 2017 retail electric transmission revenue requirement of $1.72 billion, a $387 million increase over the 2016 revenue requirement of $1.33 billion.  the forecasted network transmission rate base for 2017 was $6.7 billion.  the utility sought a roe of 10.9%, which included an incentive component of 50 basis points for the utility's continuing participation in the caiso.  in the filing, the utility forecasted that it would make investments of $1.30 billion in 2017 in various capital projects.
also, as previously disclosed, on october 1, 2018, the alj issued an initial decision in the to18 rate case proposing a roe of 9.13% compared to the utility's request of 10.9%, and an estimated composite depreciation rate of 2.96% compared to the utility's request of 3.25%. in addition, the alj proposed to reduce forecasted capital and expense spending to actual costs incurred for the rate case period. further, the alj proposed to remove certain items from the utility's rate base and revenue requirement. finally, the alj rejected the utility's direct assignment of common plant to ferc and required the allocation of all common plant between cpuc and ferc jurisdiction be based on operating and maintenance labor ratios. application of the operating and maintenance labor rates would result in an allocation of 6.15% of common plant to ferc in comparison to 8.84% under the utility's direct assignment method. the utility and intervenors filed initial briefs on october 31, 2018, and reply briefs on november 20, 2018, in response to the alj's initial decision.
on october 15, 2020, the ferc issued an order that affirmed in part and reversed in part the initial decision. the order reopens the record for the limited purpose of allowing the participants to the proceeding an opportunity to present written evidence concerning the ferc's revised roe methodology adopted in the ferc opinion no. 569-a, issued on may 21, 2020, which refined the methodology it established in opinion no. 569 for setting the roe that electric utilities are authorized to earn on electric transmission investments. initial briefs and testimony were filed on december 14, 2020 and responses were filed on february 12, 2021. the utility's initial brief requested a roe of 13.29%. in addition, the order approves depreciation rates that yield an estimated composite depreciation rate of 2.94% compared to the utility's request of 3.25%. further, the order reduces forecasted capital, operations and maintenance, and cost of debt expense to actual costs incurred for the rate case period. finally, the order rejected the utility's direct assignment of common plant to ferc and required the allocation of all common plant between cpuc and ferc jurisdiction be based on operating and maintenance labor ratios. aside from the ultimate outcome of the common plant allocation and roe methodology, which is subject to further briefing, the ferc's october 15, 2020 order is not expected to result in a material impact on the utility's financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows. some of the issues that will be decided in a final and unappealable to18 decision, including the common plant allocation, will also be incorporated into the utility's current formula rate, described below under the to20 rate case.
on november 16, 2020, the utility submitted a request for rehearing of certain rulings in the ferc's october 15, 2020 order. the utility requested in its application, among other things, that the ferc allow the utility to demonstrate that the common, general and intangible plant costs actually occurred. two intervenors in the case also filed for rehearing on net salvage value and the applicability of the tax act to the utility's rates. on december 17, 2020, the ferc denied all the pending requests for rehearing. the utility filed a petition for review of the order on february 11, 2021, and a separate petition for review was jointly filed the same day by two other parties.
the utility is unable to predict the timing and outcome of this proceeding.
as previously disclosed, on july 27, 2017, the utility filed its to19 rate case with the ferc requesting a 2018 retail electric transmission revenue requirement of $1.79 billion, a $74 million increase over the proposed 2017 revenue requirement of $1.72 billion. the forecasted network transmission rate base for 2018 was $6.9 billion.  the utility sought a roe of 10.75%, which includes an incentive component of 50 basis points for the utility's continuing participation in the caiso. in the filing, the utility forecasted capital expenditures of approximately $1.4 billion.
also, as previously disclosed, on september 21, 2018, the utility filed an all-party settlement with the ferc in connection with to19. as part of the settlement, the to19 revenue requirement will be set at 98.85% of the revenue requirement for to18 that will be determined upon the issuance of a final, non-appealable to18 decision. additionally, if the court of appeals were to determine that the utility was not entitled to the 50 basis point incentive adder for the utility's continued caiso participation, then the utility would be obligated to make a refund to customers of approximately $25 million. see transmission owner rate cases for 2015 and 2016 above for a discussion of the incentive adder. on december 20, 2018, the ferc issued an order approving the all-party settlement.
as previously disclosed, on october 1, 2018, the utility filed its to20 rate case with the ferc requesting approval of a formula rate for the costs associated with the utility's electric transmission facilities. on november 30, 2018, the ferc issued an order accepting the utility's october 2018 filing, subject to hearings and refund, and established may 1, 2019 as the effective date for rate changes. the ferc also ordered that the hearings be held in abeyance pending settlement discussions among the parties.
the formula rate replaces the "stated rate" methodology that the utility used in its previous to rate case filings. the formula rate methodology still includes an authorized revenue requirement and rate base for a given year, but it also provides for an annual update of the following year's revenue requirement and rates in accordance with the terms of the ferc-approved formula. under the formula rate mechanism, transmission revenue requirements are updated to the actual cost of service annually as part of the true-up process. differences between amounts collected and determined under the formula rate are either collected from or refunded to customers.
on march 31, 2020, the utility filed a partial settlement with the ferc that resolves issues regarding the inputs, and methods used in the formula rate consistent with ferc precedent. in addition, the partial settlement establishes a stakeholder transmission asset review process that allows the stakeholders to review transmission capital projects that are not subject to review under the caiso transmission planning process which would be included in to rates; allows the utility to resolve the issue of compliance to reconcile the rate base with the caiso register data base; and requires the utility to seek the ferc's authorization before recovering claims related to the 2017 northern california wildfires and the 2018 camp fire. the partial settlement was approved by the ferc on august 17, 2020.
on october 15, 2020, the utility filed a settlement with the ferc resolving all of the remaining issues in the formula rate proceedings, including the utility's roe, capital structure, depreciation rates, as well as certain other aspects of the utility's formula rate. specifically, the settlement establishes an all-in roe of 10.45%; a fixed capital structure of 49.75% common stock, 49.75% debt, and 0.5% preferred stock; and fixed depreciation rates for various categories of transmission facilities (represented by individual ferc accounts). the term of the settlement continues until december 31, 2023 and the utility will be required to file a replacement rate filing to be effective on january 1, 2024. the settlement also requires the utility to concurrently file a motion for interim rates requesting that the settlement rates go into effect on january 1, 2021 while approval of the settlement is pending at the ferc. also as part of the settlement, the utility made supplemental filings to revise its request in two ferc dockets on october 15, 2020 addressing the calculation of the utility's afudc to reflect the terms of the settlement.
on december 30, 2020, the ferc approved the october 15, 2020 settlement without modifications. also, on december 30, 2020, the ferc approved the two afudc dockets addressing the calculation of the utility's afudc calculation without modifications.
nuclear decommissioning cost triennial proceeding while the utility expects active decommissioning to begin soon after expiration of the current operating licenses, the utility expects that the decommissioning of diablo canyon will take many years. detailed studies of the cost to decommission the utility's nuclear generation facilities are conducted every three years in conjunction with the ndctp. actual decommissioning costs may vary from these estimates as a result of changes in assumptions such as regulatory, site restoration, and remediation requirements; technology; and costs of labor, materials, and equipment. the utility recovers its revenue requirements for decommissioning costs from customers through a non-bypassable charge that the utility expects will continue until those costs are fully recovered.
as previously disclosed, on december 13, 2018, the utility submitted its 2018 ndctp application, which includes a diablo canyon site-specific decommissioning cost estimate of $4.8 billion to decommission the diablo canyon facilities.
also, as previously disclosed, on january 10, 2020, the settlement agreement that the parties had reached in this proceeding was filed with the cpuc, along with a joint motion for adoption of the settlement agreement.
under the proposed settlement agreement, the utility would collect annual revenue requirements of $112.5 million and $3.9 million for the funding of the diablo canyon non-qualified trust and humboldt bay tax qualified trust, respectively, commencing january 1, 2020. additionally, under the proposed settlement agreement, the $398.4 million spent for humboldt bay power plant decommissioning project costs completed to date would be deemed reasonable.
application for wildfire mitigation and catastrophic events interim rates on february 7, 2020, the utility filed an interim relief application seeking $899 million in interim rates related to certain electric distribution costs recorded in the following memorandum accounts: wmpma, frmma, fhpma, and cema. the costs pertain mainly to the years 2017-2019. the application addresses costs recorded in: (i) the wmpma and frmma to comply with the 2019 wmp and other wildfire mitigation costs not otherwise recoverable through rates, (ii) the fhpma to comply with various fire safety rulemakings through 2019, and (iii) the cema for responding to, and restoring customer service after, certain storms and fires occurring in 2017-2019.
the utility submitted a request on march 23, 2020, to reduce the interim rate relief by $8.4 million. this reduction, which reduces the requested rate relief to $891 million, relates to the capital cost reduction required by ab 1054.
on october 22, 2020, the cpuc voted out its final decision that approved interim relief in the amount of $447 million. the utility will recover these costs over a 17-month period beginning in january 2021.
wildfire mitigation and catastrophic events costs recovery application on september 30, 2020, the utility filed an application with the cpuc requesting cost recovery of recorded expenditures related to wildfire mitigation, certain catastrophic events, and a number of other activities (the "wmce application"). the recorded expenditures, which exclude amounts disallowed as a result of the cpuc's decision in the oii into the 2017 northern california wildfires and the 2018 camp fire, consist of $1.18 billion in expense and $801 million in capital expenditures, resulting in a revenue requirement of approximately $1.28 billion.
the costs addressed in the wmce application cover activities mainly during the years 2017 to 2019 and are incremental to those previously authorized in the utility's 2017 grc and other proceedings. the majority of costs addressed in this application reflect work necessary to mitigate wildfire risk and to respond to catastrophic events occurring during the years 2017 to 2019. the utility's requested revenue includes amounts for the fhpma of $293 million, the frmma and the wmpma of $740 million, and the cema of $251 million. the requested revenue for cema costs reflected in the application include the utility's costs incurred responding to ten catastrophic events, including the 2017 tubbs fire.
in its application, the utility proposed the following ratemaking scenario: given the cpuc approval of $447 million in interim rate relief which includes interest, the utility proposed to recover the remaining $868 million revenue requirement, including interest, over a one-year period (following the conclusion of interim rate relief recovery). cost recovery requested in this application is subject to the cpuc's reasonableness review.
the utility is unable to predict the outcome of this application. pg&e corporation's and the utility's financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows could be materially affected if the utility is unable to timely recover costs included in this application.
for more information regarding the fhpma, the frmma, the wmpma, and the cema memorandum accounts, see "wildfire mitigation memorandum and balancing accounts" and "catastrophic event memorandum accounts and applications" below.
application for recovery of costs recorded in the wildfire expense memorandum account on february 7, 2020, the utility filed an application seeking recovery of certain costs recorded in the wema. in the application, the utility seeks recovery of $498.7 million for the cost of insurance premiums paid by the utility between july 26, 2017 through december 31, 2019 that is incremental to the insurance costs already authorized in the 2017 grc or the 2020 grc. these incremental costs are not associated with any specific wildfire event. the application does not seek recovery of wildfire claims or associated legal costs eligible for recording to wema.
on april 2, 2020, the cpuc held a prehearing conference in this matter. on january 12, 2021, the cpuc issued a scoping memo establishing the scope and schedule for the proceeding. as amended by subsequent rulings, the schedule calls for a final decision in august 2021. the utility cannot predict the outcome of this proceeding.
catastrophic event memorandum accounts and applications the cpuc allows utilities to recover the reasonable, incremental costs of responding to catastrophic events that have been declared a disaster or state of emergency by competent federal or state authorities through a cema. in 2014, the cpuc directed the utility to perform additional fire prevention and vegetation management work in response to the severe drought in california. the costs associated with this work are tracked in the cema. in the 2020 grc decision, the cpuc required the utility to track these costs in the vmba beginning january 1, 2020. the utility's cema applications are subject to cpuc review and approval. for more information see note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
2019 cema application on september 13, 2019, the utility submitted to the cpuc its 2019 cema application requesting cost recovery of $159.3 million in connection with 13 catastrophic events that included 12 wildfires and one storm for declared emergencies from mid-2017 through 2018. the 2019 cema application does not include costs related to the 2015 butte fire, the 2017 northern california wildfires, or the 2018 camp fire.
on august 31, 2020 the utility, turn and the pao filed a joint motion seeking approval and adoption of a settlement agreement reached between the settling parties. the settlement agreement proposes a total revenue requirement of $136.7 million consisting of an expense revenue requirement of $112 million and a capital revenue requirement for 2017 through 2022 of $24.7 million.
2018 cema application on march 30, 2018, the utility submitted to the cpuc its 2018 cema application requesting cost recovery of $183 million in connection with seven catastrophic events that included fire and storm declared emergencies from mid-2016 through early 2017, as well as $405 million related to work performed in 2016 and 2017 to cut back or remove dead or dying trees that were exposed to years of drought conditions and bark beetle infestation.
on april 25, 2019, the cpuc approved the utility's request for interim rate relief, allowing for recovery of $373 million of costs as requested by the utility at that time, compared to $588 million requested by the utility. the interim rate relief was implemented on october 1, 2019. costs included in the interim rate relief are subject to audit and refund. on august 7, 2019, the utility filed a revised application, revised testimony and revised workpapers, reflecting a new revenue requirement request of $669 million, pursuant to a cpuc ruling allowing these changes.
on march 9, 2020, the cpuc issued a modified scoping memo and ruling. on may 4, 2020, the utility filed a revised application, which included 2019 tree mortality costs, reflecting a new revenue requirement request of $757 million, and the costs of an independent auditor to be hired for audit of all vegetation management costs and related interest calculations.
on january 8, 2021, the utility filed a revised application updating the revenue requirement to include an additional $5.6 million of tree mortality costs and the cost of hiring an independent auditor.
the utility is unable to predict the timing and outcome of this proceeding.
wildfire mitigation memorandum and balancing accounts fire hazard prevention memorandum account the cpuc allows utilities to track and record costs associated with implementing regulations and requirements adopted to protect the public from potential fire hazards associated with overhead power line facilities and nearby aerial communication facilities that have not been previously authorized in another proceeding. the utility tracked such costs in the fhpma through the end of 2019.
on december 17, 2019, the utility, the sed of the cpuc, the cpuc's osa, and cue jointly submitted to the cpuc a proposed settlement agreement in connection with the oii into the 2017 northern california wildfires and the 2018 camp fire. pursuant to the settlement agreement, the utility agrees, among other things, to not seek recovery of $36 million of wildfire-related expenses recorded in the fhpma. for more information on the settlement agreement, see note 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
other than the amounts subject to the settlement agreement, as modified by the decision different approved on may 7, 2020, in connection with the oii into the 2017 northern california wildfires and the 2018 camp fire, the utility believes such costs are recoverable, but rate recovery requires cpuc reasonableness review.
the utility requested recovery of costs recorded in the fhpma in its wildfire mitigation and catastrophic events costs recovery application described above. (see "wildfire mitigation and catastrophic events costs recovery application" above.)
the amount reflected in this memorandum account as of december 31, 2020 was $258 million. see note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
fire risk mitigation memorandum account on march 12, 2019, the cpuc approved the utility's frmma to track costs incurred beginning january 1, 2019, for fire risk mitigation activities that are not otherwise covered in revenue requirements. the frmma was authorized to capture mitigation costs of activities not included in a cpuc approved wmp.  the utility has proposed that the frmma continue after the approval of its 2019 wmp to record costs of wildfire mitigation activities that were beyond the initial identified scope of work or are incurred prior to approval of the wmp in which they are proposed. the frmma includes costs associated with the 2019 wmp from the period january 1, 2019 through june 4, 2019, as well as subsequent wildfire mitigation costs not included in the wmpma, discussed below. recovery of costs are subject to cpuc review and approval. the utility will continue to use the frmma for new programs or expanded scope of existing programs before the wmp is approved.
on december 17, 2019, the utility, the sed of the cpuc, the cpuc's osa, and cue jointly submitted to the cpuc a proposed settlement agreement in connection with the oii into the 2017 northern california wildfires and the 2018 camp fire. pursuant to the settlement agreement, the utility agreed, among other things, not to seek recovery of $236 million of wildfire-related expenses recorded in the frmma and the wmpma. for more information on the settlement agreement, see note 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
the utility requested recovery of costs recorded in the frmma in its wildfire mitigation and catastrophic events costs recovery application, except for the amounts subject to the settlement agreement, as modified by the decision different approved on may 7, 2020, in connection with the oii into the 2017 northern california wildfires and the 2018 camp fire. (see "wildfire mitigation and catastrophic events costs recovery application" above.) pg&e corporation's and the utility's financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows could be materially affected if the utility is unable to timely recover costs in connection with the 2019 wmp recorded in the frmma.
the amount reflected in this memorandum account as of december 31, 2020 was $99 million. see note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
wildfire mitigation balancing account in the 2020 grc decision, the cpuc authorized the utility to establish the wmba effective january 1, 2020, to track and record actual expenses incurred and the capital revenue requirement associated with actual capital additions incurred compared to the total adopted revenue requirements for specified wildfire mitigation activities, for the period beginning january 1, 2020. the wmba is a two-way balancing account, which allows the utility to seek cost recovery for amounts exceeding the approved revenue requirement, subject to a demonstration of reasonableness. the utility is required to submit an application to the cpuc to recover the costs of program expenditures exceeding 115% of the adopted amounts or if the average overhead or underground system hardening per mile unit costs exceed specified unit costs by 115%.
the amount reflected in this balancing account as of december 31, 2020 was $183 million. see note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
wildfire mitigation plan memorandum account as previously disclosed, on june 5, 2019, the utility submitted an advice letter to establish the wmpma (also called the wildfire mitigation plan memorandum account) effective may 30, 2019. the wmpma is required to be established upon approval of a utility's wmp to track costs incurred to implement the utility's wmps. the cpuc approved the memorandum account on august 8, 2019, so the utility has recorded costs incurred in implementing the wmps, as of june 5, 2019, the effective date of the wmpma.
the utility requested recovery of costs recorded in the wmpma in its wildfire mitigation and catastrophic events costs recovery application, except for the amounts subject to the settlement agreement, as modified by the decision different approved on may 7, 2020, in connection with the oii into the 2017 northern california wildfires and the 2018 camp fire. (see "wildfire mitigation and catastrophic events costs recovery application" above.) pg&e corporation's and the utility's financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows could be materially affected if the utility is unable to timely recover costs in connection with the 2019 wmp and the 2020 wmp recorded in the wmpma.
the amount reflected in this memorandum account as of december 31, 2020 was $551 million. see note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
vegetation management balancing account the vmba was approved by the cpuc in the utility's 1999 grc as a one-way balancing account mechanism to recover the costs of routine vegetation management expenditures, in an amount not to exceed the approved revenue requirement. in the 2020 grc decision, the cpuc authorized the utility to modify the vmba as a two-way balancing account, which allows the utility to seek recovery of expenditures incurred above the revenue requirement, subject to a demonstration of reasonableness, for the period beginning january 1, 2020. the account was further modified to include the utility's new enhanced vegetation management program and additional vegetation management costs currently recorded in the cema for which there is no approved revenue requirement. the utility is required to submit an application to the cpuc to recover the costs of program expenditures exceeding 120% of the adopted amounts. if the utility's expenditures are less than the approved revenue requirement, the utility will return any over collection to customers through an advice letter.
the amount reflected in this balancing account as of december 31, 2020 was $707 million. see note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
risk transfer balancing account in the 2020 grc decision, the cpuc authorized the utility to establish the rtba effective january 1, 2020, to track and record actual expenses incurred compared to the adopted revenue requirements for the grc portion of excess liability insurance costs, inclusive of all financial risk transfer mechanisms (insurance, reinsurance, catastrophe bonds, captives), and related costs (such as broker fees and excise taxes). the utility would seek recovery of any risk transfer costs associated with coverage above $1.4 billion, through an advice letter.
the rtba is a two-way balancing account that tracks and records the grc portion of actual financial risk transfer costs incurred compared to adopted amounts. adopted amounts and actual costs incurred allocated to the utility's gt&s rate case and to rate case will be recorded to authorized mechanisms applicable to those rate cases, specifically, the adjustment mechanism for gt&s-related amounts and the utility's ferc formula rates for to related amounts.
for more information about the rtba, see note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
emergency authorization and order directing utilities to implement emergency customer covid-19 protections in response to the covid-19 pandemic, on april 16, 2020, the cpuc adopted a resolution ordering utilities to implement a number of emergency customer protections for one year beginning on march 4, 2020 through april 16, 2021, including:
•waive deposit requirements for residential customers seeking to reestablish service for one year;
•suspend disconnection for nonpayment and associated fees, waive deposit and late fee requirements for residential and small business customers;
◦freezing all standard and high-usage reviews for the care program eligibility for 12 months and potentially longer, as warranted;
◦contacting all community outreach contractors, the community-based organizations that assist in enrolling hard-to-reach low-income customers into care, to help better inform customers of these eligibility changes;
◦partnering with the program administrator of the customer funded emergency assistance program for low-income customers and increasing the assistance limit amount for the next 12 months; and
•offer repair processing and timing assistance and timely access to utility customers;
•include these customer protections as part of their larger community outreach and public awareness plans;
•meet and confer with the ccas as early as possible to discuss their roles and responsibilities for each emergency customer protection.
the resolution also authorizes utilities to establish memorandum accounts to track incremental costs associated with complying with the resolution. on february 11, 2021, the cpuc approved a resolution extending the moratorium on service disconnections for residential and small business customers to june 30, 2021.
on june 11, 2020, the cpuc issued a final decision as part of the oir to consider new approaches to disconnections and reconnections to improve energy access and contain costs that permanently eliminated deposit requirements for residential customers. on december 21, 2020, a cpuc alj issued a ruling seeking comments on an approach to implement a temporary moratorium on service disconnections for medium-large commercial and industrial customers.
pg&e corporation and the utility are unable to predict whether this resolution will be extended or expanded to additional customer classes, which could have a material impact on results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows of pg&e corporation and the utility.
covid-19 pandemic protections memorandum account on may 1, 2020, the utility submitted an advice letter to establish the cppma. the purpose of the cppma is to track costs incurred to implement the cpuc's emergency authorization and order directing utilities to implement emergency customer protections to support california customers during the covid-19 pandemic. costs included in the cppma will include incremental uncollectibles expense for residential and small business customers, incremental financing costs as a result of lower accounts receivable collections for residential and small business customers, and the costs of complying with various customer protections described in "emergency authorization and order directing utilities to implement emergency customer covid-19 protections," above. the utility intends to seek recovery of the cppma balance in a future application, recovery of which will require cpuc reasonableness review.
on june 2, 2020 and july 15, 2020, the utility submitted updated advice letters to modify and clarify prior proposals based on cpuc guidance. on july 27, 2020, the cpuc approved the utility's advice letter.
the amount reflected in this memorandum account as of december 31, 2020 was $84 million, of which $76 million relates to incremental uncollectible expenses. see note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
other regulatory proceedings application to sell general office complex on september 30, 2020, the utility filed an application with the cpuc to sell its sfgo located at 215 market street, 245 market street, 77 beale street, 50 main street, 25 beale street, and 45 beale street in downtown san francisco, and to cover costs to relocate its staff at sfgo to a new headquarters to the lakeside building, and for appropriate ratemaking treatment of those transactions.
the utility proposes the sfgo sale and headquarters transition proceed in several interrelated steps: the utility has entered into a lease for the lakeside building with an option to purchase the lakeside building; the utility will market and sell the sfgo, subject to cpuc approval; and the utility will enter into an agreement with the buyer of the sfgo to lease back space during the multi-year relocation period (collectively, the "transactions"). as space in the lakeside building becomes available following the expiration of existing tenants' leases and completion of the redevelopment of the property to the utility's specifications, the utility will relocate employees and operations from the sfgo and certain east bay office locations to the lakeside building in phases over several years, beginning in 2022.
in this application, the utility requests that the cpuc: (i) authorize the utility to sell the sfgo pursuant to public utilities code section 851, (ii) approve the utility's ratemaking proposal to distribute all of the gain on sale of the sfgo to customers over five years, beginning in 2022, (iii) approve the recovery of costs to lease back the sfgo after the buildings are sold, costs to lease the lakeside building, and other transition costs, and (iv) authorize the utility to forecast the intended purchase of the lakeside building and include it in the utility's 2023 grc. the utility also proposes to establish a balancing account to record lease payments, net savings or costs on operating expense and capital expense, gain on sale, moving costs and related costs for inclusion in electric and gas rates.
on december 1, 2020, the cpuc held a prehearing conference in this matter. on december 15, 2020, the assigned commissioner issued a scoping memo, which sets forth the category, issues to be addressed, and schedule of the proceeding. the scoping memo contemplates a cpuc final decision as early as august 2021 and provides for additional timeline flexibility depending on the pace of the sale process.
pg&e corporation and the utility are unable to predict the timing and outcome of this proceeding.
application for post-emergence securitization transaction on april 30, 2020, the utility filed an application with the cpuc seeking authorization for a post-emergence transaction to securitize $7.5 billion of 2017 wildfire claims costs that is designed to be rate neutral to customers, with the proceeds used to pay or reimburse the utility for the payment of wildfire claims costs associated with 2017 northern california wildfires. among other uses, as a result of the proposed transaction, the utility would retire $6.0 billion of utility debt and accelerate a $592 million payment due to the fire victim trust. specifically, the application requests administration of the stress test methodology approved in the cht oir and a determination that $7.5 billion in 2017 catastrophic wildfire costs and expenses are stress test costs and eligible for securitization. in this context, a securitization refers to a financing transaction where a special purpose financing vehicle issues new debt that is secured by the proceeds of a new recovery charge to utility customers. the application also proposes a customer credit designed to equal the bond charges over the life of the bond, which would insulate customers from the charge on customer bills associated with the bonds. the utility proposes to fund the customer credit through a trust that consists of shareholder assets including: (1) an initial contribution of $1.8 billion; (2) up to $7.59 billion of additional contributions funded by certain shareholder tax benefits; and (3) investment returns on the assets in the trust. the utility also proposes to share with customers 25% of any surplus of shareholder assets in the customer credit trust at the end of the life of the trust.
protests and response to the application were due june 4, 2020 and the utility filed a reply on june 12, 2020. a prehearing conference was held on june 18, 2020. the assigned commissioner issued the scoping memo on july 28, 2020 and directed the utility to file updated testimony, if any, based on its post-emergence financial status by august 7, 2020. on august 7, 2020, the utility served its updated testimony, in which it discussed, among other things, pg&e corporation's and utility's exit financings from chapter 11 and related equity issuances, including to the fire victim trust, in connection with consummating the plan on july 1, 2020; issuance of revised credit ratings; updated financial forecasts for the utility and their impacts on the securitization application, including on the stress test costs and the customer credit trust; and certain expected tax impacts.
intervenor testimony was served on october 14, 2020, and the utility's rebuttal testimony was submitted on november 11, 2020. an evidentiary hearing was held on december 7-16, 2020. opening briefs were submitted on january 15, 2021, and reply briefs were submitted on february 1, 2021. in a post-hearing briefing, the utility and other parties in the proceeding included potential conditions and alternatives for the cpuc's consideration. in post-hearing briefing, the utility included an alternative proposal for the cpuc's consideration comprised of four elements: (1) a $200 million increase in the initial shareholder contribution, from $1.8 billion to $2 billion, provided that $1 billion is contributed in 2021 and $1 billion in 2024; (2) potential shift in the customer credit trust's investment portfolio to a greater proportion of fixed income investments; (3) a single cpuc review of the balance of the customer credit trust in 2040, with a single contingent supplemental shareholder contribution, if needed, up to $775 million in 2040; and (4) a reduced sharing of any trust surplus with customers to 10%. the utility anticipates a cpuc decision in the second quarter of 2021.
on january 6, 2021, the utility filed an application requesting that the cpuc issue a financing order authorizing the issuance of one or more series of recovery bonds in connection with the post-emergence transaction to securitize the $7.5 billion of claims associated with the 2017 northern california wildfires referenced above. on january 7, 2021, the utility filed a motion to consolidate the pending application seeking authorization for a post-emergence transaction and the application for a financing order. the alj granted the utility's motion to shorten the time for protests to january 22, 2021, and the utility filed a reply on february 1, 2021. a prehearing conference was held on february 5, 2021. on february 10, 2021, certain intervenors filed a joint motion to dismiss the utility's application for a financing order. on february 17, 2021, the utility filed a response opposing the motion to dismiss. also on february 17, 2021, the pao filed a response supporting the motion to dismiss. the utility expects a cpuc decision on the financing order by may 6, 2021.
application for ab 1054 securitization transaction on february 24, 2021 the utility filed an application with the cpuc seeking authorization for a transaction to securitize up to a principal amount of approximately $1.19 billion related to fire risk mitigation capital expenditures that have been or will be incurred by the utility in 2020 and 2021. the $1.19 billion reflects capital expenditures related to the utility's community wildfire safety program, which were approved by the cpuc in the 2020 grc, and include $655 million in recorded 2020 capital expenditures and an additional $535 million in forecast capital expenditures in 2021. the final amount to be securitized would be based on recorded 2020 and 2021 community wildfire safety program expenditures incurred by the utility.
the application requests that the cpuc issue a financing order authorizing one or more series of recovery bonds, determine that the issuance of the bonds and collection through fixed recovery charges is just and reasonable, consistent with the public interest and would reduce rates on a present value basis compared to traditional utility financing mechanisms, and authorize the utility to collect a non-bypassable recovery charge sufficient to pay debt service on the recovery bonds. the application also requests to exclude the securitized debt from the utility's ratemaking capital structure and to adjust its grc revenue requirement following the issuance of the recovery bonds. the proposed procedural schedule requests a final decision on all issues by june 24, 2021 and the application indicates that the issuance of the bonds is anticipated to occur before the end of 2021, but is subject to change.
2019 wildfire mitigation plan as previously disclosed, on october 25, 2018, the cpuc opened an oir to implement the provisions of sb 901 related to electric utility wmps. this oir provided guidance on the form and content of the initial wmps, provided a venue for review of the initial plans, and developed and refined the content of and process for review and implementation of wmps to be filed in future years. in this proceeding the cpuc determined, among other things, how to interpret and apply sb 901's list of required plan elements, as well as what additional elements beyond those required in sb 901 should be included in the wmps. sb 901 also requires, among other things, that such plans include a description of the preventive strategies and programs to be adopted by an electrical corporation to minimize the risk of its electrical lines and equipment causing catastrophic wildfires, including the consideration of dynamic climate change risks, plans for vegetation management, and plans for inspections of the electrical corporation's electrical infrastructure. the scope of this proceeding does not include utility recovery of costs related to wmps, which sb 901 requires to be addressed in separate rate recovery applications.
on february 6, 2019, the utility filed its first wmp, the 2019 wmp, with the cpuc, and amended it subsequently on february 12, 2019 and february 14, 2019. on may 30, 2019, the cpuc approved the 2019 wmp. (the utility also filed an amendment to the plan on april 25, 2019, but cpuc approval did not extend to that amendment.)
2020-2022 wildfire mitigation plan as previously disclosed, on february 7, 2020, the utility submitted its 2020 wmp and utility survey. the utility's 2020 wmp describes the utility's wildfire safety programs, which are focused on three key areas: reducing the potential for fires to be started by electrical equipment, reducing the potential for fires to spread, and minimizing the frequency, scope and duration of public safety power shut-off events, as well as providing historical data requested by the guidelines. the utility's 2020 wmp covers a three-year period from 2020-2022 but is updated annually.
on march 18, 2020, the cpuc issued a decision in this proceeding, clarifying that the cpuc's newly created wsd would review 2020 wmps, present resolutions for cpuc consideration on the 2020 plans, and oversee independent evaluation and other compliance activity with regard to both 2019 and 2020 plans.
on june 11, 2020, the cpuc voted to adopt two resolutions which conditionally approved the utility's 2020 wmp. the resolutions indicate that while the utility's 2020 wmp met the minimum requirements for its submission, the deficiencies found, classified as severity level a, b, or c conditions, require significant follow-up from the utility and oversight to ensure appropriate remedies for the deficiencies. the utility received 41 conditions in total with the first set, classified as class a conditions, submitted on july 27, 2020. the second set, class b conditions, were completed on september 9, 2020 and the third, class c conditions, were submitted as part of the 2021 wmp update on february 5, 2021. on december 30, 2020, the wsd issued a notice of non-compliance finding that the utility's responses to the class a conditions were insufficient. the wsd has required the utility to include 39 action items in its 2021 wmp to address the insufficient responses. on january 8, 2021, the wsd issued a notice of non-compliance finding that the utility's quarterly report addressing the class b conditions was insufficient. the wsd has directed the utility to respond to 84 action items in its 2021 wmp or via a supplemental filing by february 26, 2021. failure to remedy insufficiencies in the 2020-2022 wmp could lead to enforcement actions by the cpuc, including potentially placing the utility in the enhanced oversight and enforcement process, and making the utility unable to obtain an ab 1054 safety certification and, as a result, unable to access the wildfire fund, which could have a material effect on pg&e corporation's and the utility's financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows.
the utility's 2021 wmp was submitted on february 5, 2021. the 2021 wmp was an update to the 2020 wmp and addressed the utility's wildfire safety programs focused on reducing the potential for catastrophic wildfires related to electrical equipment, reducing the potential for fires to spread, and making psps events smaller, shorter and smarter for customers.
pg&e corporation's and the utility's financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows could be materially affected if the utility is unable to timely recover costs in connection with the 2019 wmp, 2020 wmp, and 2021 wmp recorded in the frmma and wmpma, which the utility expects will be substantial.
oir regarding microgrids as previously disclosed, on september 19, 2019, the cpuc initiated a rulemaking proceeding to examine microgrid implementation issues and resiliency strategies pursuant to sb 1339. in the first track of that proceeding, the cpuc sought to deploy resiliency planning in areas that are prone to outage events and wildfires, with the stated goal of putting some microgrid and other resiliency strategies in place by spring or summer 2020, if not sooner. at the cpuc's direction, the utility submitted a proposal for immediate implementation of resiliency strategies on january 21, 2020. the utility's proposal contained three components for which it sought scope and cost recovery authorization of up to approximately $379 million in both expense and capital. on april 1, 2020, the utility filed a motion seeking to supplement its original proposal and to reduce the total cost recovery authorization it was seeking to approximately $257 million. the utility described in its supplemental testimony that it was focusing in 2020 on the use of temporary, mobile generation solutions to power microgrids in 2020, and that the utility had suspended its solicitation for permanent generation located at substations with online dates in 2020. the utility subsequently closed its solicitation for this permanent generation. on april 13, 2020, the alj presiding over the rulemaking issued a ruling denying the utility's motion to supplement its proposal.
the cpuc adopted a decision in the first track of the proceeding on june 11, 2020 (the "track 1 decision"), which approved with conditions the utility's proposal and requires the utility to track costs in a new memorandum account for subsequent regulatory review and recovery in rates.
the cpuc initiated the second track of the proceeding on july 3, 2020, which focused on further implementation of sb 1339, as well as activity to shape the transition from diesel mobile generation to alternative, cleaner backup power generation. on january 14, 2021, the cpuc adopted a final decision in the second track of the proceeding (the "track 2 decision"). the track 2 decision requires the utility to submit an advice letter to justify the amount of temporary generation necessary for use at substations during the 2021 wildfire season; to identify at least one clean substation project to pilot the use of diesel generation alternatives to power substation-level microgrids; to file an application by june 30, 2021 to propose a longer-term framework for substation generation solutions to mitigate psps outage events; and to file an application by september 30, 2021 to recover the costs incurred in 2020 associated with the use of temporary generation to mitigate psps outages. the track 2 decision also authorizes the utility to record the future costs of temporary generation for substations in a memorandum account, with recovery of those costs through the general rate case or a separate application. the costs for the clean substation project(s) are authorized to be recovered through a one-way balancing account established by the track 2 decision, up to a $350 million cap and subject to other eligibility requirements.
in addition, the track 2 decision requires that the utility: (1) modify its existing electric rules to allow certain critical facilities to be powered during grid outages by adjacent premises; (2) establish a new tariff to facilitate the commercialization and development of single-customer, single-account microgrids; (3) develop a new microgrid incentive program that compliments the utility's existing community microgrid enablement program and expands the incentives available for certain eligible community microgrids up to a statewide combined budget of $200 million; and (4) create a new process and associated criteria to evaluate technologies to isolate customer electrical loads for the purpose of forming microgrids during grid outages. the track 2 decision establishes an agenda for ongoing meetings of the cpuc's resiliency and microgrids working group.
on february 9, 2020, the cpuc issued an amended scoping memo initiating track 3 of the proceeding. in track 3, the cpuc intends to address whether utilities, including the utility, should waive standby charges for a customer operating a microgrid under certain circumstances. further, the cpuc states that in a future track 4 of the proceeding, it intends to address: (1) multi-property microgrid tariffs and alternatives; (2) methodologies to value resiliency; (3) microgrid interconnection issues; and (4) revisit its initial determinations with regard to a single-property microgrid tariff.
failure to obtain a substantial or full recovery of costs could have a material effect on pg&e corporation's and the utility's financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows.
oii to consider pg&e corporation's and the utility's plan of reorganization as previously disclosed, on october 4, 2019, the cpuc issued an oii to consider the ratemaking and other implications "that will result from the confirmation of a plan of reorganization and other regulatory approvals necessary to resolve" the chapter 11 cases (the "chapter 11 proceedings oii").
on may 28, 2020, the cpuc approved a final decision in this proceeding. as previously disclosed, the decision approved the plan with certain conditions and modifications related to certain topics, including but not limited to, governance, operational structure, safety performance, executive competition, and financial condition. on september 17, 2020, the cpuc issued a proposed decision that would close the proceeding. on october 22, 2020, the cpuc approved the decision.
enhanced oversight and enforcement process in the chapter 11 proceedings oii final decision, the cpuc adopted an enhanced oversight and enforcement process designed to provide a roadmap for how the cpuc will monitor the utility's performance on an ongoing basis. the enhanced oversight and enforcement process contains six steps that are triggered by specific events and includes enhanced reporting requirements and additional monitoring and oversight. these trigger events include failure to obtain an approved wmp, failure to comply with regulatory reporting requirements, insufficient progress toward approved safety or risk-driven investments and failure to comply with or demonstrate sufficient progress toward certain metrics (some of which will be determined in an ongoing regulatory proceeding). the enhanced oversight and enforcement process also contains provisions for the utility to cure and permanently exit the enhanced oversight and enforcement process if it can satisfy specific criteria. if the utility is placed into the enhanced oversight and enforcement process, actions taken would occur in coordination with the cpuc's existing formal and informal reporting requirements and procedures. the enhanced oversight and enforcement process does not replace or limit the cpuc's regulatory authority, including the authority to issue orders to show cause and orders instituting investigations and to impose fines and penalties. the enhanced oversight and enforcement process requires the utility to report the occurrence of a triggering event to the cpuc's executive director no later than five business days after the date on which any member of senior management of the utility becomes aware of the occurrence of a triggering event.
on november 24, 2020, the utility received a letter from the president of the cpuc, expressing concerns related to the utility's vegetation and asset management activities and explaining potential implications with respect to the cpuc's enhanced oversight and enforcement process, as well as the utility's annual safety certification under california ab 1054. according to the letter, the president of the cpuc has "directed cpuc staff to conduct fact-finding to determine whether a recommendation to place [the utility] into the enhanced oversight and enforcement process is warranted."
the utility is unable to predict whether additional fines, penalties, or other regulatory actions may be taken.
regionalization proposal on june 30, 2020, the utility filed its application for approval of its regionalization proposal with the cpuc. the utility's proposal would divide its service area into five new regions to further improve safety and reliability, core operations, and be more responsive to the needs of its customers. the utility's regionalization proposal describes the development of these regions, plans to hire new regional leadership, and a new regional organization structure. the utility's application requests the cpuc to approve a memorandum account to record any incremental costs the utility incurs in connection with the development and implementation of regionalization. the utility will file an updated regionalization proposal with the cpuc on february 26, 2021.
the utility is unable to predict the timing and outcome of this application.
wildfire fund non-bypassable charge in response to directives in ab 1054, on july 26, 2019, the cpuc opened a new rulemaking to consider the authorization of an nbc to support the wildfire fund. on october 24, 2019, the cpuc issued a final decision finding that the imposition of the nbc is just and reasonable. in addition, the decision affirmed that the utility and its customers will not pay an allocated share of the adopted wildfire charge revenue requirement unless and until the utility participates in the wildfire fund. the decision also continues the same allocation of the wildfire charge revenue requirement among the ious as previously adopted for the department of water resources power and bond charge revenue requirements. the decision proposes revenue requirements for the utility of $404.6 million, which is based on average annual collections and shall expire at the end of the year 2035.
on november 25, 2019, an individual intervenor filed an application for rehearing of the decision arguing that the decision constitutes a constitutional violation of procedural due process and an unjust and unreasonable rate increase. on march 2, 2020, the cpuc issued a decision denying the application for rehearing.
on july 16, 2020, the cpuc approved the wildfire fund nbc servicing orders between the california department of water resources and the large electrical corporations to impose the wildfire fund nbc. on september 10, 2020, the cpuc ordered the utility to cease collection of the dwr bond charge related revenue requirement from electric customers in their respective territories. the final month in which a bond charge related revenue requirement was imposed to collect revenue from electric customers of the utilities was september 2020.
on september 24, 2020, the cpuc ordered the utility to collect the wildfire fund nbc from eligible customers from october 1, 2020 through december 31, 2020 in the amount of $0.00580 per kilowatt-hour.
on september 29, 2020, the utility submitted an advice letter to submit tariffs incorporating final rates that was effective october 1, 2020. in addition to submitting tariff revisions that include final rates as outlined, the letter included the tariff revisions needed to cease the imposition of the dwr bond charge and implement the wildfire fund charge.
on december 17, 2020, the cpuc approved the utility to collect the wildfire fund nbc from eligible customers from january 1, 2021 through december 31, 2021 in the amount of $0.00580 per kilowatt-hour. on december 30, 2020, the utility submitted an advice letter to submit tariffs incorporating final rates effective january 1, 2021. the advice letter is still pending cpuc approval.
transportation electrification as previously disclosed, on may 31, 2018, pursuant to a state law authorizing the utility to conduct programs to support and incent the deployment of electric vehicles, the cpuc issued a final decision approving the utility's two-to-five year program proposals for actual expenditures up to approximately $269 million (including $198 million of capital expenditures), to support utility-owned make-ready infrastructure supporting public fast charging and medium to heavy-duty fleets.
on february 3, 2020, in a rulemaking to consider further utility-sponsored programs to support electric vehicles and transportation electrification, the cpuc issued a draft transportation electrification framework for review and comment. the cpuc held workshops on the draft framework in 2020, and approval of the framework and guidance for future electric vehicle programs is expected in 2021.
also in 2020, the california legislature passed, and the governor signed, a new law that authorizes the utility and other california ious to invest in new electric distribution infrastructure to support electric vehicles without requiring electric vehicle customers to pay certain of the infrastructure costs that other customers are required to pay for non-electric vehicle infrastructure costs. instead, the incremental electric vehicle infrastructure costs will be paid by the utility's electric customers as common utility costs in the utility's periodic general rate cases.
oir to establish policies, processes, and rules to ensure safe and reliable gas systems in california and perform long-term gas planning on january 16, 2020, the cpuc opened an oir to address reliability and standards for gas public utilities, the regulatory changes necessary to improve the coordination between gas utilities and gas-fired electric generators, and impacts due to legislative mandates to address the ghg reduction emissions which will result in the replacement of gas-fuel technologies and forecast reduced demand for natural gas. this proceeding will examine whether recent industry related events will require the cpuc to change the rules, processes and regulations governing gas utilities, including but not limited to, gas reliability standards, long-term contracting, regulatory accounting, reporting and tariff changes for operational flow orders.
the utility filed opening comments on the preliminary scope on february 26, 2020 and reply comments on march 12, 2020. the assigned alj and assigned commissioner held a prehearing conference on march 24, 2020. the utility filed a post-prehearing conference statement on april 1, 2020. on april 23, 2020, the assigned commissioner issued a ruling setting the final scope, schedule and categorization for phase 1 (tracks 1a and 1b). on july 7, the cpuc held a workshop to address natural gas reliability standards (track 1a) and on july 21, 2020 a second workshop was held to address market structure and regulations (track 1b). on october 2, 2020, the assigned alj issued a ruling, including the workshop report and staff recommendations. the utility filed opening comments on the report on november 2, 2020 and filed reply comments on november 17, 2020. as directed in the october 2, 2020 ruling, the utility held a workshop on november 30, 2020 to address intraday demand and grid reliability. on december 24, 2020, the alj issued a ruling that modified the schedule. the utility filed its proposal to address gas supply and cost allocation issues described in the workshop report on january 8, 2021. parties filed comments on january 29, 2021 and reply comments on february 12, 2021.
on october 24, 2019, the cpuc adopted a final decision on a portion of phase one (topic 1 and 2), defining climate change adaptation for california's energy utilities as "adjustment in natural and human systems to a new or changing environment. adaptation to climate change for energy utilities regulated by the cpuc refers to adjustment in utility systems using strategic and data-driven consideration of actual or expected climatic impacts and stimuli or their effects on utility planning, facilities maintenance and construction, and communications, to maintain safe, reliable, affordable and resilient operations." in addition, this decision provides guidance on what data should be used by the ious to perform all climate impact, climate risk, and climate vulnerability analyses undertaken with respect to their infrastructure assets, operations, and customer impacts. finally, this decision requires the energy utilities to adhere to the same climate scenarios and projections used in the most recent california statewide climate change assessment when analyzing climate impacts, climate risk, and climate vulnerability of utility systems, operations, and customers.
on october 22, 2019, the cpuc issued a staff proposal for a framework for climate-related decision-making and accountability. in the staff proposal, the cpuc instructed each of the large ious to research and develop a new form of risk assessment, a cva. cvas instruct utilities to "examine the risks posed by climate change to their core lines of business, including generation, transmission, distribution, and storage, irrespective of who owns the assets." in addition, the staff proposal provides guidance regarding the data sources to be used in the cva, outreach and coordination with the community, and incorporation of cva findings into ramp and grc filings. the utility provided opening and reply comments on february 18, 2020 and march 3, 2020, respectively.
on august 27, 2020, the cpuc adopted a final decision on topics 4 and 5, regarding adaptation outreach to disadvantaged communities and detailed requirements for each iou's cva. the cpuc instructed each iou to establish a "climate change team," with cross-departmental responsibilities, which will report directly to a designated executive at the svp level or above. each iou must disclose to the cpuc such changes in organizational structure, listing the individual names and department titles of all internal participants. board members should oversee and prioritize climate adaptation planning, as informed by senior leadership. each iou is required to consider climate risks to assets, operations, and services over which ious have direct control. additionally, the decision directs the ious to seek to obtain an acknowledgement in new contracts with third party providers that the operator has considered long-term climate risk. each ious' completed cva will coincide with its ramp filing during its four-year grc cycle, and each iou must detail resulting climate adaptation measures in a new chapter in its future grc applications. each iou must file a community engagement plan detailing community outreach on climate adaptation, covering every disadvantaged vulnerable community and leveraging existing iou community outreach on other matters. the ious' climate adaptation community engagement plan proposals must be filed one year prior to their cva, with the utility's first community engagement plan due in june 2023, as the utility's first cva under this decision will be due in june 2024. a new memorandum account, the climate adaptation vulnerability assessment memorandum account, was authorized to cover cva costs and incremental costs of outreach.
oir to examine electric utility de-energization of power lines in dangerous conditions on december 13, 2018, the cpuc opened an oir to examine the notification, mitigation, and reporting requirements on electric utilities when de-energizing power lines in case of dangerous conditions that threaten life or property in california.
on may 30, 2019, the cpuc approved a decision for phase one of this proceeding, which adopted de-energization communication and notification guidelines for the electric ious along with updates to requirements established in resolution esrb-8.
on january 30, 2020, the cpuc proposed new guidelines in phase two of this proceeding. on may 28, 2020, the cpuc adopted psps phase 2 guidelines, which require utilities to restore energy within 24 hours after the end of a psps event where possible; to consult with critical facilities on back-up power for psps events; and to support access and functional needs populations during psps events, including powering medical equipment at customer resource centers.
on august 24, 2020, the alj issued a decision addressing two joint motions that had been filed in the proceeding. the first motion filed on april 13, 2020 requested emergency protocols during the covid-19 pandemic. the second motion filed on june 15, 2020 requested that the cpuc perform a reasonableness review of past iou psps events to determine whether each was reasonable. the august 24, 2020 decision found that, with respect to the first joint motion, the may 28, 2020 decision dealt with many of the issues raised; and with respect to the second joint motion, the cpuc already performed reasonableness reviews of iou psps events.
on december 2, 2020, the utility and other parties submitted comments in this proceeding in response to an august 3, 2020 scoping ruling regarding sed's report in a separate psps-related proceeding, oii to examine the late 2019 public safety power shutoff events. in their comments, the utility and other parties commented that issues raised in sed's report should be addressed in a rulemaking setting. the utility is unable to predict the timing and outcome of this proceeding.
on november 12, 2019, the assigned commissioner and alj issued an order to show cause directing the utility to show why it should not be sanctioned for violations of law or cpuc decisions related to the psps events of october 9-12, 2019, october 23-25, 2019, and october 26-november 1, 2019.
the utility submitted its testimony with the cpuc on february 5, 2020. other parties submitted their testimony on february 28, 2020, and the utility submitted its concurrent rebuttal testimony on april 7, 2020. on september 21, 2020, the assigned commissioner and the alj issued an order that required the utility to respond to certain factual questions and concluded that with the provision of responsive answers to those questions, evidentiary hearings would not be needed in the proceeding. opening briefs were filed on october 30, 2020, by all parties, which included an intervenor proposing financial penalties against the utility of $166 million. if adopted by the cpuc, such penalties could have a material impact on pg&e corporation's and the utility's financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows. reply briefs were filed by all parties on november 17, 2020, including the utility, which opposed the imposition of any penalties.
on february 19, 2021, the cpuc proposed new guidelines in phase 3 of this proceeding. if adopted, these guidelines would require utilities to submit annual pre- and post- season reports, have certain percentages of community resource centers be indoors, have a webpage that explains "critical facility" requirements, and conduct de-energization simulation exercises. parties will comment in march 2021, and a proposed decision is expected in may 2021, with a final decision in june 2021.
the utility is unable to predict the outcome of this proceeding.
oii to examine the late 2019 public safety power shutoff events on november 13, 2019, the cpuc issued an oii to determine "whether california's ious prioritized safety and complied with the cpuc's regulations and requirements with respect to their psps events in late 2019." the first phase of this proceeding focuses on (1) the effectiveness of the utility's procedures to notify the public of the psps events, (2) the utility's communication and coordination with first responders, local jurisdictions and state agencies, and (3) the utility's management of its resources to ensure public safety. in later phases of this proceeding, the cpuc may consider taking action if it finds violations of statutes or its decisions or general orders have been committed and to enforce compliance, if necessary.
on june 8, 2020, the sed issued a public report on the late 2019 public safety power shutoff events. the report identified certain shortcomings in each of the electric ious' implementation of the cpuc's psps guidelines during their late 2019 psps events but stated that its findings were intended to be advisory in nature, subject to modification, and not intended to serve as an adjudicatory staff investigatory pre-enforcement report. on august 3, 2020, the assigned commissioner issued a ruling and scoping memo directing parties to file comments on sed's report and the following two issues: (1) whether the utility and other ious in october and november 2019 complied with the criteria set forth in applicable laws and regulations when pro-actively deenergizing and re-energizing their power lines, and (2) what corrective actions the cpuc should require of the utility and other ious for any failure in late 2019 to comply with the then-existing psps guidelines. each of the ious filed their comments on september 2, 2020, intervenors filed their comments on october 16, 2020, and reply comments were filed by all parties on november 16, 2020. several parties proposed in their comments that penalties be imposed on the utilities for inadequate implementation of the psps events. for example, turn proposed that the cpuc should treat each customer affected by a psps event, for which the iou has not adequately demonstrated that the benefits outweigh the public safety risks, as a separate offense, with each offense subject to a penalty of no less than $500 and no more than $100,000. in reply comments, the utility argued that the proposed penalties should not be adopted for procedural and substantive reasons. if adopted by the cpuc, such penalties could be expected to have a material impact on pg&e corporation's and the utility's financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows.
the proposed decision is expected in the first quarter of 2021, and the cpuc's final decision is anticipated no sooner than 30 days after the proposed decision. the utility is unable to predict the outcome of this proceeding.
power charge indifference adjustment oir in 2017, the cpuc initiated the pcia rulemaking to make refinements to the pcia, a cost recovery mechanism to ensure that customers that leave the utility's bundled service for a non-utility provider, such as a da or cca provider, pay their fair share of the above market costs associated with long-term power purchase commitments and utility-owned generation made on their behalf. the above market costs of the utility's generation portfolio are calculated using benchmarks for energy, ra and rps attributes.
as previously disclosed, on october 11, 2018, the cpuc approved a phase one decision to modify the pcia methodology. the utility implemented a revised pcia reflecting this decision in rates as of july 1, 2019.
on march 26, 2020, the cpuc approved a final decision on departing load forecasting and pcia bill presentation issues, establishing that the ious shall show a pcia line item in their tariffs and bill summary tables on all customer bills, which shall be implemented by the last business day of 2021.
on june 30, 2020, the cpuc issued a pd that would provide a non-utility provider an option to prepay their entire pcia obligation. on august 6, 2020 the cpuc issued a final decision adopting a framework for prepayment agreements for pcia obligations.
the proceeding is now examining structures and rules governing how the utility addresses excess resources in its portfolio due to load loss to cca and da, including standards for active management of the utility's portfolios. on december 16, 2020, the assigned commissioner issued an amended scoping memo and ruling expanding the rulemaking's scope to include the potential modification of the annual pcia rate cap and potential changes to the utility's cost recovery and rate setting proceedings to improve pcia and erra alignment.
the utility is unable to predict the outcome of this proceeding.
central procurement of the resource adequacy program on june 17, 2020, the cpuc issued a decision on the central procurement of the ra program. the decision shifts local ra procurement responsibility under the cpuc's ra program from all load serving entities to a cpe in two distribution service areas, including the utility's distribution service area, resulting in a change from decentralized to centralized local ra procurement in those distribution service areas. the decision also adopted implementation details for the central procurement of multi-year local ra, ordered the utility and another iou to serve as the cpe for their respective distribution service areas, and adopted a hybrid central procurement framework for the multi-year local ra program beginning for the 2023 ra compliance year.
the decision requires the utility, as the cpe for its distribution service area, to conduct a competitive, all-source solicitation for local ra procurement, with any existing local resource that does not have a contract, any new local resource that can be brought online in time to meet solicitation requirements, or any load serving entity or third-party with an existing local ra contract eligible to bid into the solicitation.
subsequently, on december 3, 2020, the cpuc issued a follow-up decision adopting a compensation mechanism applicable to certain local resources that may be procured by the cpe for purposes of reducing the total cpe procurement requirements. this mechanism applies to new preferred local resources and new local energy storage resources, including utility-owned generation. procurement by the utility of, and compensation for, such resources shall occur outside of the competitive, all-source solicitation.
the cost allocation mechanism methodology is adopted as the cost recovery mechanism to cover procurement costs incurred in serving the central procurement function. the administrative costs incurred in serving the central procurement entity function shall also be recoverable under the cost allocation mechanism.
integrated resource planning procurement on november 13, 2019, the cpuc issued a decision that takes a number of steps to address the potential for system ra shortages beginning in 2021. the decision requires incremental procurement of system-level qualifying ra capacity of 3,300 mws by all lses operating within the caiso's balancing area for the period 2021-2023, of which the utility is responsible for 716.9 mws for its bundled customer portion. the decision requires that at least 50% of lse resource responsibilities come online by august 1, 2021, at least 75% by august 1, 2022, and the remaining by august 1, 2023. additionally, the decision directs the ious to act as the backstop procurement agent for ccas and energy service providers (esps) that choose not to voluntarily self-procure or that fail to meet their procurement responsibilities after electing to self-provide their assigned mws of system ra capacity under the decision. on april 15, 2020, the alj issued a ruling that the utility must procure 48.2 mws of ra capacity for lses that chose to opt-out of voluntarily self-providing their required portion.
the utility has procured its required ra capacity for the august 1, 2021 milestone from third parties through cpuc-approved contracts for lithium ion battery energy storage resources with terms ranging from 10-15 years. on december 22, 2020, the utility filed an advice letter seeking cpuc approval of an additional group of similar contracts that would satisfy the balance of the utility's procurement obligations for the august 1, 2022 and august 1, 2023 milestones.
the cpuc is developing a modified cost allocation mechanism methodology, under which the utility will be able to recover procurement and administrative costs it incurs in serving the backstop procurement function.
oir to further develop a risk-based decision-making framework for electric and gas utilities on july 20, 2020, the cpuc initiated a rulemaking proceeding to consider ways to strengthen the risk-based decision-making framework that regulated energy utilities use to assess, manage, mitigate and minimize safety risks. the rulemaking will build on requirements for a utility risk framework adopted in the first safety model assessment proceeding. the cpuc's goal is to further the prioritization of safety by electric and gas utilities.
on november 17, 2020, the assigned commissioner issued a ruling regarding the development of safety and operational metrics for the utility. the ruling directed the utility to propose metrics that are "suitable for the use as triggering events as specified in the enhanced oversight and enforcement process" and "suitable, over time, for the commission, intervenors, and the public to potentially use to gauge the safety and operational performance of all gas and electric ious." on january 15, 2021, the utility filed a response proposing 12 safety and operational metrics using the criteria outlined by the ruling. on january 25, 2021, parties filed responses to the utility's proposal. on january 28, 2021, the cpuc hosted a public workshop where the utility, the other ious, and intervenors commented on the utility's safety and operational metrics proposal. all parties may file comments on the utility's safety and operational metrics by march 1, 2021.
oir to revisit net energy metering tariffs on august 17, 2020, the cpuc initiated a rulemaking proceeding to develop a successor to the existing nem tariffs. the successor tariff is being developed pursuant to the requirements of ab 327. under ab 327, the successor to the existing nem tariffs should provide customer-generators with credit or compensation for electricity generated by their renewable facilities based on the value of that generation to all customers and allows customer-sited renewable generation to grow sustainably among different types of customers.
on november 19, 2020, the assigned commissioner and the alj issued a scoping memo and ruling for this proceeding. the scoping memo separated the proceeding into two phases. in the first phase, the cpuc will address several issues including, but not limited to, determining the principles to assist in the development and evaluation of a successor to the current nem tariffs, assessing what information from a study on existing tariffs should inform the successor, outlining the methods to use to analyze the program elements and the resulting proposals, and determining the program elements or specific features that should be included in the successor tariff. in the second phase, the cpuc will consider what additional or enhanced consumer protections for customers should be adopted, as well as other issues that may arise, such as the virtual net energy metering tariffs, nem aggregation tariff, the renewable energy self-generation bill credit transfer program, and the nem fuel cell tariff.
on january 5, 2021, the alj issued a pd that outlined eight guiding principles to assist in the development and evaluation of proposals for successor to the current nem tariff. the utility filed comments on january 25, 2021, and reply comments on february 1, 2021. on february 11, 2021, the cpuc issued a final decision on the guiding principles.
oir to address energy utility customer debt accumulated during the coronavirus pandemic on february 11, 2021, the cpuc initiated a rulemaking proceeding to consider arrearage relief for utility customers who will have outstanding utility bills when the moratorium on service disconnections ends. the oir will evaluate a more global program beyond the currently approved arrearage management program focused on low-income residential customers that is funded by the utility's customers. the oir may consider various funding approaches for this expanded debt forgiveness proposal, which could include shareholder funding.
the cpuc has indicated that it expects to issue a proposed decision on may 21, 2021 and a final decision on june 24, 2021.
the utility is unable to predict the outcome of this proceeding.
legislative and regulatory initiatives senate bill 350
on june 30, 2020, the california governor signed into law sb 350 (the golden state energy act), a bill which authorizes the creation by the governor of a new entity "golden state energy," a nonprofit public benefit corporation, for the purpose of acquiring the utility's assets and serving electric and gas in the utility's service territory only in the event that the cpuc determines that the utility's certificate of public convenience and necessity should be revoked pursuant to any process or procedures adopted by the cpuc in its decision approving pg&e corporation's and the utility's plan of reorganization.
sb 901, signed into law on september 21, 2018, requires the cpuc to establish a cht, directing the cpuc to limit certain disallowances in the aggregate, so that they do not exceed the cht. sb 901 also authorizes the cpuc to issue a financing order that permits recovery, through the issuance of recovery bonds (also referred to as "securitization"), of wildfire-related costs found to be just and reasonable by the cpuc and, only for the 2017 northern california wildfires, any amounts in excess of the cht.
on july 12, 2019, the california governor signed into law ab 1054, a bill which provides for the establishment of a statewide fund that will be available for eligible electric utility companies to pay eligible claims for liabilities arising from wildfires occurring after july 12, 2019 that are caused by the applicable electric utility company's equipment, subject to the terms and conditions of ab 1054. eligible claims are claims for third party damages resulting from any such wildfires, limited to the portion of such claims that exceeds the greater of (i) $1.0 billion in the aggregate in any year and (ii) the amount of insurance coverage required to be in place for the electric utility company pursuant to section 3293 of the public utilities code, added by ab 1054.
ab 1054 also provides that the first $5.0 billion expended in the aggregate by california's three iou companies on fire risk mitigation capital expenditures included in their respective approved wmps will be excluded from their respective equity rate bases. the $5.0 billion of capital expenditures will be allocated among the iou companies in accordance with their wildfire fund allocation metrics. (see note 14 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.) ab 1054 contemplates that such capital expenditures may be securitized through a customer charge. on february 24, 2021, the utility filed an application with the cpuc seeking authorization for a transaction to securitize up to a principal amount of approximately $1.19 billion related to fire risk mitigation capital expenditures that have been or will be incurred by the utility in 2020 and 2021.
each of california's large ious have elected to participate in the wildfire fund. on july 1, 2020, having satisfied the conditions for the utility's participation in the wildfire fund, the utility deposited approximately $5 billion in the wildfire fund, which represents pg&e's initial and first annual contributions. on december 30, 2020, the utility made its second annual contribution of $193 million to the wildfire fund.
environmental matters the utility's operations are subject to extensive federal, state, and local laws and permits relating to the protection of the environment and the safety and health of the utility's personnel and the public.  these laws and requirements relate to a broad range of the utility's activities, including the remediation of hazardous wastes; the reporting and reduction of carbon dioxide and other ghg emissions; the discharge of pollutants into the air, water, and soil; the reporting of safety and reliability measures for natural gas storage facilities; and the transportation, handling, storage, and disposal of spent nuclear fuel.  (see item 1a. risk factors, "environmental regulation" in item 1. and "environmental remediation contingencies" in note 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.)
risk management activities pg&e corporation, mainly through its ownership of the utility, and the utility are exposed to risks associated with adverse changes in commodity prices, interest rates, and counterparty credit. the utility actively manages market risk through risk management programs designed to support business objectives, discourage unauthorized risk-taking, reduce commodity cost volatility, and manage cash flows.  the utility uses derivative instruments only for non-trading purposes (i.e., risk mitigation) and not for speculative purposes.
commodity price risk the utility is exposed to commodity price risk as a result of its electricity and natural gas procurement activities, including the procurement of natural gas and nuclear fuel necessary for electricity generation and natural gas procurement for core customers. the utility's risk management activities include the use of physical and financial instruments such as forward contracts, futures, swaps, options, and other instruments and agreements. as long as the utility can conclude that it is probable that its reasonably incurred wholesale electricity procurement costs and natural gas costs are recoverable, fluctuations in electricity and natural gas prices will not affect earnings. such fluctuations, however, may impact cash flows. the utility's natural gas transportation and storage costs for core customers are also fully recoverable through a ratemaking mechanism.
the utility's current authorized revenue requirement for natural gas transportation and storage service to non-core customers is not balancing account protected.  the utility recovers these costs in its gas transmission and storage rate cases through fixed reservation charges and volumetric charges from long-term contracts, resulting in price and volumetric risk. the utility uses value-at-risk to measure its shareholders' exposure to these risks. the utility's value-at-risk was approximately $14 million and $9 million at december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. (see note 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8. for further discussion of price risk management activities.)
interest rate risk interest rate risk sensitivity analysis is used to measure interest rate risk by computing estimated changes in cash flows as a result of assumed changes in market interest rates. at december 31, 2020 and 2019, if interest rates changed by one percent for all pg&e corporation and utility variable rate long-term debt, short-term debt, and cash investments, the impact on net income over the next 12 months would be $89 million and $45 million, respectively, based on net variable rate debt and other interest rate-sensitive instruments outstanding. (see note 5 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8. for further discussion of interest rates.)
energy procurement credit risk the utility conducts business with counterparties mainly in the energy industry to purchase electricity or gas and related services, including the caiso market, other california ious, municipal utilities, energy trading companies, pipelines, financial institutions, electricity generation companies, and oil and natural gas production companies located in the united states and canada. if a counterparty fails to perform on its contractual obligation to deliver electricity or gas and related services, then the utility may find it necessary to procure electricity or gas at current market prices or seek alternate services, which may be higher than the contract prices.
the utility manages credit risk associated with its counterparties by assigning credit limits based on evaluations of their financial conditions, net worth, credit ratings, and other credit criteria as deemed appropriate. credit limits and credit quality are monitored periodically. the utility executes many energy contracts under master commodity enabling agreements that may require security. security may be in the form of cash or letters of credit. the utility may accept other forms of performance assurance in the form of corporate guarantees of acceptable credit quality or other eligible securities (as deemed appropriate by the utility). security or performance assurance may be required from the utility or counterparties when current net receivables/payables and exposure exceed contractually specified limits.
the following table summarizes the utility's energy procurement credit risk exposure to its counterparties:
(in millions)                       exposure (1)                     number of           net credit wholesale          exposure to customers or            wholesale counterparties         customers or
(1) exposure is the positive exposure maximum that equals mark-to-market value on physically and financially settled contracts, plus net receivables (payables) where netting is contractually allowed minus collateral posted by counterparties and held by the utility plus collateral posted by the utility and held by the counterparties. for purposes of this table, parental guarantees are not included as part of the calculation. exposure amounts reported above do not include adjustments for time value or liquidity.
(2) exposure balance has been updated to show the maximum positive exposure, including excess collateral postings, instead of the net credit exposure disclosed in prior periods.
critical accounting policies the preparation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with gaap involves the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the recorded amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. the accounting policies described below are considered to be critical accounting policies due, in part, to their complexity and because their application is relevant and material to the financial position and results of operations of pg&e corporation and the utility, and because these policies require the use of material judgments and estimates. actual results may differ materially from these estimates and assumptions. these accounting policies and their key characteristics are outlined below.
contributions to the wildfire fund on the effective date, pg&e corporation and the utility contributed, in accordance with ab 1054, an initial contribution of approximately $4.8 billion and first annual contribution of approximately $193 million to the wildfire fund to secure participation of the utility therein. on december 30, 2020, the utility made its second annual contribution of $193 million to the wildfire fund. as of december 31, 2020, pg&e corporation and the utility have eight remaining annual contributions of $193 million. pg&e corporation and the utility account for the contributions to the wildfire fund similarly to prepaid insurance with expense being allocated to periods ratably based on an estimated period of coverage. the wildfire fund is available to pay for eligible claims arising as of july 12, 2019, the effective date of ab 1054, subject to a limit of 40% of the amount of such claims arising between the effective date of ab 1054 and the utility's emergence from chapter 11. the 40% limit does not apply to eligible claims that arise after the utility's emergence from chapter 11. the wildfire fund is additionally limited to the portion of such claims that exceeds the greater of (i) $1.0 billion in the aggregate in any year and (ii) the amount of insurance coverage required to be in place for the electric utility company pursuant to section 3293 of the public utilities code, added by ab 1054.
as of december 31, 2020, pg&e corporation and the utility recorded $193 million in other current liabilities, $1.3 billion in other non-current liabilities, $464 million in current assets - wildfire fund asset, and $5.8 billion in non-current assets - wildfire fund asset in the consolidated balance sheets. as of december 31, 2020, the utility recorded amortization and accretion expense of $413 million. the amortization of the asset, accretion of the liability, and if applicable, impairment of the asset is reflected in wildfire fund expense in the consolidated statements of income. expected contributions are discounted to the present value using the 10-year us treasury rate at the date pg&e corporation and the utility satisfied all the eligibility requirements to participate in the wildfire fund. a useful life of 15 years is being used to amortize the wildfire fund asset.
ab 1054 did not specify a period of coverage; therefore, this accounting treatment is subject to significant accounting judgments and estimates. in estimating the period of coverage, pg&e corporation and the utility use a monte carlo simulation that began with 12 years of historical, publicly available fire-loss data from wildfires caused by electrical equipment, and subsequently plan to add an additional year of data each following year. the period of historic fire-loss data and the effectiveness of mitigation efforts by the california electric utility companies are significant assumptions used to estimate the useful life. these assumptions along with the other assumptions below create a high degree of uncertainty related to the estimated useful life of the wildfire fund. the simulation results in the estimated number and severity of catastrophic fires that could occur in california within the participating electric utilities' service territories during the term of the wildfire fund. starting with a 5-year period of historical data, with average annual statewide claims or settlements of approximately $6.5 billion, compared to approximately $2.9 billion for the 12-year historical data, would have decreased the amortization period to 6 years. similarly, a 10% change to the assumption around current and future mitigation effort effectiveness would increase the amortization period to 17 years assuming greater effectiveness and would decrease the amortization period to 12 years assuming less effectiveness.
other assumptions used to estimate the useful life include the estimated cost of wildfires caused by other electric utilities, the amount at which wildfire claims would be settled, the likely adjudication of the cpuc in cases of electric utility-caused wildfires, the impacts of climate change, the level of future insurance coverage held by the electric utilities, the ferc-allocable portion of loss recovery, and the future transmission and distribution equity rate base growth of other electric utilities. significant changes in any of these estimates could materially impact the amortization period.
pg&e corporation and the utility evaluate all assumptions quarterly, or upon claims being made from the wildfire fund for catastrophic wildfires, and the expected life of the wildfire fund will be adjusted as required. the wildfire fund is available to other participating utilities in california and the amount of claims that a participating utility incurs is not limited to their individual contribution amounts. pg&e corporation and the utility will assess the wildfire fund asset for impairment in the event that a participating utility's electrical equipment is found to be the substantial cause of a catastrophic wildfire. timing of any such impairment could lag as the emergence of sufficient cause and claims information can take many quarters and could be limited to public disclosure of the participating electric utility, if ignition were to occur outside the utility's service territory. there were fires in the utility's and other participating utilities' service territories in 2020 for which the cause is currently unknown and which may in the future be determined to be covered by the wildfire fund. at december 31, 2020, there were no such known events requiring a reduction of the wildfire fund asset nor have there been any claims or withdrawals by the participating utilities against the wildfire fund.
loss contingencies as discussed below, pg&e corporation and the utility have recorded material accruals for various wildfire-related, enforcement and legal matters, and environmental remediation liabilities. pg&e corporation and the utility have also recorded insurance receivables for third-party claims.
wildfire-related liabilities pg&e corporation and the utility are subject to potential liabilities related to wildfires.  pg&e corporation and the utility record a wildfire-related liability when it determines that a loss is probable and it can reasonably estimate the loss or a range of losses. the provision is based on the lower end of the range, unless an amount within the range is a better estimate than any other amount.
potential liabilities related to wildfires depend on various factors, including but not limited to negotiations and settlements or the cause of each fire, contributing causes of the fires (including alternative potential origins, weather and climate related issues), the number, size and type of structures damaged or destroyed, the contents of such structures and other personal property damage, the number and types of trees damaged or destroyed, attorneys' fees for claimants, the nature and extent of any personal injuries, including the loss of lives, the extent to which future claims arise, the amount of fire suppression and clean-up costs, other damages the utility may be responsible for if found negligent, and the amount of any penalties or fines that may be imposed by governmental entities. there are a number of unknown facts and legal considerations that may impact the amount of any potential liability, including the total scope and nature of claims that may be asserted against pg&e corporation or the utility. for example, the utility's wildfire-related accruals have changed in the past as new facts and information became available to the utility, including the availability of new evidence and additional information about the scope and nature of damages. (see note 14 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.)
the process for estimating wildfire-related liabilities requires management to exercise significant judgment based on a number of assumptions and subjective factors, including but not limited to factors identified above and estimates based on currently available information and prior experience with wildfires.  (see note 14 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.)
enforcement and litigation matters pg&e corporation and the utility are subject to various laws and regulations and, in the normal course of business, are named as parties in a number of claims and lawsuits. in addition, penalties may be incurred for failure to comply with federal, state, or local laws and regulations. pg&e corporation and the utility record a provision for a loss contingency when it is both probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. pg&e corporation and the utility evaluate the range of reasonably estimated losses and record a provision based on the lower end of the range, unless an amount within the range is a better estimate than any other amount. the assessment of whether a loss is probable or reasonably possible, and whether the loss or a range of loss is estimable, often involves a series of complex judgments about future events. loss contingencies are reviewed quarterly and estimates are adjusted to reflect the impact of all known information, such as negotiations, discovery, settlements and payments, rulings, advice of legal counsel, and other information and events pertaining to a particular matter. pg&e corporation's and the utility's provision for loss and expense excludes anticipated legal costs, which are expensed as incurred. actual results may differ materially from these estimates and assumptions. (see note 14 and "enforcement and litigation matters" in note 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.)
environmental remediation liabilities the utility is subject to loss contingencies pursuant to federal and california environmental laws and regulations that in the future may require the utility to pay for environmental remediation at sites where it has been, or may be, a potentially responsible party. such contingencies may exist for the remediation of hazardous substances at various potential sites, including former manufactured gas plant sites, power plant sites, gas compressor stations, and sites used by the utility for the storage, recycling, or disposal of potentially hazardous materials, even if the utility did not deposit those substances on the site.
the utility generally commences the environmental remediation assessment process upon notification from federal or state agencies, or other parties, of a potential site requiring remedial action. (in some instances, the utility may initiate action to determine its remediation liability for sites that it no longer owns in cooperation with regulatory agencies. for example, the utility has a program related to certain former manufactured gas plant sites.) based on such notification, the utility completes an assessment of the potential site and evaluates whether it is probable that a remediation liability has been incurred. the utility records an environmental remediation liability when site assessments indicate remediation is probable and it can reasonably estimate the loss or a range of possible losses. given the complexities of the legal and regulatory environment and the inherent uncertainties involved in the early stages of a remediation project, the process for estimating remediation liabilities is subjective and requires significant judgment. key factors evaluated in developing cost estimates include the extent and types of hazardous substances at a potential site, the range of technologies that can be used for remediation, the determination of the utility's liability in proportion to other responsible parties, and the extent to which such costs are recoverable from third parties.
when possible, the utility estimates costs using site-specific information, but also considers historical experience for costs incurred at similar sites depending on the level of information available. estimated costs are composed of the direct costs of the remediation effort and the costs of compensation for employees who are expected to devote a significant amount of time directly to the remediation effort. these estimated costs include remedial site investigations, remediation actions, operations and maintenance activities, post remediation monitoring, and the costs of technologies that are expected to be approved to remediate the site. remediation efforts for a particular site generally extend over a period of several years. during this period, the laws governing the remediation process may change, as well as site conditions, thereby possibly affecting the cost of the remediation effort.
at december 31, 2020 and 2019, the utility's accruals for undiscounted gross environmental liabilities were $1.3 billion. the utility's undiscounted future costs could increase to as much as $2.2 billion if the extent of contamination or necessary remediation is greater than anticipated or if the other potentially responsible parties are not financially able to contribute to these costs, and could increase further if the utility chooses to remediate beyond regulatory requirements. although the utility has provided for known environmental obligations that are probable and reasonably estimable, estimated costs may vary significantly from actual costs, and the amount of additional future costs may be material to results of operations in the period in which they are recognized.
insurance receivable the utility has liability insurance from various insurers, which provides coverage for third-party claims. the utility records insurance recoveries only when a third-party claim is recorded and it is deemed probable that a recovery of that claim will occur and the utility can reasonably estimate the amount or its range.  the assessment of whether recovery is probable or reasonably possible, and whether the recovery or a range of recoveries is estimable, often involves a series of complex judgments about future events.  insurance recoveries are reviewed quarterly and estimates are adjusted to reflect the impact of all known information, including contractual liability insurance policy coverage, advice of legal counsel, past experience with similar events, discussions with insurers and other information and events pertaining to a particular matter. (see "loss recoveries" in note 14 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.)
regulatory accounting as a regulated entity, the utility records regulatory assets and liabilities for amounts that are deemed probable of recovery from, or refund to, customers. despite the ongoing losses related to wildfires (see note 14 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.), there is no actual or anticipated change in the cost of service regulation of the utility's operations. therefore, the utility continues to apply the accounting asc 980, regulated operations. these amounts would otherwise be recorded to expense or income under gaap. refer to "regulation and regulated operations" in note 3 as well as note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8. at december 31, 2020, pg&e corporation and the utility reported regulatory assets (including current regulatory balancing accounts receivable) of $11.4 billion and regulatory liabilities (including current regulatory balancing accounts payable) of $12.0 billion.
determining probability requires significant judgment by management and includes, but is not limited to, consideration of testimony presented in regulatory hearings, proposed regulatory decisions, final regulatory orders, and the strength or status of applications for rehearing or state court appeals. for some of the utility's regulatory assets, including utility retained generation, the utility has determined that the costs are recoverable based on specific approval from the cpuc. the utility also records a regulatory asset when a mechanism is in place to recover current expenditures and historical experience indicates that recovery of incurred costs is probable, such as the regulatory assets for pension benefits; deferred income tax; price risk management; and unamortized loss, net of gain, on reacquired debt. the cpuc has not denied the recovery of any material costs previously recognized by the utility as regulatory assets for the periods presented. if the utility determined that it is no longer probable that regulatory assets would be recovered or reflected in future rates, or if the utility ceased to be subject to rate regulation, the regulatory assets would be charged against income in the period in which that determination was made. if regulatory accounting did not apply, the utility's future financial results could become more volatile as compared to historical financial results due to the differences in the timing of expense or revenue recognition.
a portion of the utility's regulatory asset balances relate to items which could not be anticipated by the utility during cpuc grc rate requests resulting from catastrophic events, changes in regulation, or extraordinary changes in operating practices. the utility may seek authority to track incremental costs in a memorandum account and the cpuc may authorize recovery of costs tracked in memorandum accounts if the costs are deemed incremental and prudently incurred. these accounts, which include the cema, wema, fhpma, frmma, wmpma, vmba, wmba, and rtba among others, allow the utility to track the costs associated with work related to disaster and wildfire response, and other wildfire prevention-related costs. in addition, the cppma account tracks costs incurred to implement the cpuc's emergency authorization and order directing utilities to implement emergency customer protections to support california customers during the covid-19 pandemic. while the utility believes such costs are recoverable, rate recovery requires cpuc authorization in separate proceedings or through a grc. (for more information, see "regulatory matters - application for recovery of costs recorded in the wildfire expense memorandum account," "regulatory matters - catastrophic event memorandum accounts and applications," "regulatory matters - wildfire mitigation memorandum and balancing accounts," and "regulatory matters - covid-19 pandemic protections memorandum account.")
additionally, sb 901 provides a mechanism for the cpuc to potentially allow recovery in future rates, through a securitization mechanism, of wildfire-related costs found to be just and reasonable by the cpuc and, only for the 2017 northern california wildfires, any amounts in excess of the cht. the utility must evaluate the likelihood of recovery in future rates each period. if the criteria are met at a later date, the utility would recognize a regulatory asset and a related gain in the consolidated income statement in the period in which it is determined that the likelihood of recovery is probable.
in addition, regulatory accounting standards require recognition of a loss if it becomes probable that capital expenditures will be disallowed for ratemaking purposes and if a reasonable estimate of the amount of the disallowance can be made. such assessments require significant judgment by management regarding probability of recovery, as described above, and the ultimate cost of construction of capital assets. the utility records a loss to the extent capital costs are expected to exceed the amount to be recovered.  the utility's capital forecasts involve a series of complex judgments regarding detailed project plans, estimates included in third-party contracts, historical cost experience for similar projects, permitting requirements, environmental compliance standards, and a variety of other factors.
asset retirement obligations pg&e corporation and the utility account for an aro at fair value in the period during which the legal obligation is incurred if a reasonable estimate of fair value and its settlement date can be made. at the time of recording an aro, the associated asset retirement costs are capitalized as part of the carrying amount of the related long-lived asset. the utility recognizes a regulatory asset or liability for the timing differences between the recognition of expenses and costs recovered through the ratemaking process. (see notes 3 and 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.)
to estimate its liability, the utility uses a discounted cash flow model based upon significant estimates and assumptions about future decommissioning costs, inflation rates, and the estimated date of decommissioning. the estimated future cash flows are discounted using a credit-adjusted risk-free rate that reflects the risk associated with the decommissioning obligation.
at december 31, 2020, the utility's recorded aro for the estimated cost of retiring these long-lived assets was approximately $6.4 billion. changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the amount of the recorded aro for these assets.
pension and other postretirement benefit plans pg&e corporation and the utility sponsor a non-contributory defined benefit pension plan for eligible employees as well as contributory postretirement health care and medical plans for eligible retirees and their eligible dependents, and non-contributory postretirement life insurance plans for eligible employees and retirees. adjustments to the pension and other benefit obligation are based on the differences between actuarial assumptions and actual plan results. these amounts are deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and amortized into income on a gradual basis. the differences between pension benefit expense recognized in accordance with gaap and amounts recognized for ratemaking purposes are recorded as regulatory assets or liabilities as amounts are probable of recovery from customers. to the extent the other benefits are in an overfunded position, the utility records a regulatory liability. (see note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.)
the pension and other postretirement benefit obligations are calculated using actuarial models as of the december 31 measurement date. the significant actuarial assumptions used in determining pension and other benefit obligations include the discount rate, the average rate of future compensation increases, the health care cost trend rate and the expected return on plan assets. pg&e corporation and the utility review these assumptions on an annual basis and adjust them as necessary. while pg&e corporation and the utility believe that the assumptions used are appropriate, significant differences in actual experience, plan changes or amendments, or significant changes in assumptions may materially affect the recorded pension and other postretirement benefit obligations and future plan expenses. (see note 12 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.)
in establishing health care cost assumptions, pg&e corporation and the utility consider recent cost trends and projections from industry experts. this evaluation suggests that current rates of inflation are expected to continue in the near term. in recognition of continued high inflation in health care costs and given the design of pg&e corporation's plans, the assumed health care cost trend rate for 2020 was 6.3%, gradually decreasing to the ultimate trend rate of approximately 4.5% in 2028 and beyond.
expected rates of return on plan assets were developed by estimating future stock and bond returns and then applying these returns to the target asset allocations of the employee benefit plan trusts, resulting in a weighted average rate of return on plan assets. returns on fixed-income debt investments were projected based on real maturity and credit spreads added to a long-term inflation rate. returns on equity investments were projected based on estimates of dividend yield and real earnings growth added to a long-term inflation rate. for the utility's defined benefit pension plan, the assumed return of 5.1% compares to a ten-year actual return of 9.6%.
the rate used to discount pension benefits and other benefits was based on a yield curve developed from market data of approximately 835 aa-grade non-callable bonds at december 31, 2020. this yield curve has discount rates that vary based on the duration of the obligations. the estimated future cash flows for the pension and other postretirement benefit obligations were matched to the corresponding rates on the yield curve to derive a weighted average discount rate.
the following reflects the sensitivity of pension costs and projected benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions:
(in millions)                                    increase                increase in 2020 pensioncosts            increase in projectedbenefit obligation atdecember 31, 2020
the following reflects the sensitivity of other postretirement benefit costs and accumulated benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions:
(in millions)                                 increase                 increase in 2020other postretirementbenefit costs            increase in accumulatedbenefit obligation atdecember 31, 2020
new accounting pronouncements see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.