item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. this report contains forward-looking statements including, without limitation, statements regarding trends, seasonality, and growth in, and drivers of, the markets we sell into, backlog, our strategic direction, our future effective tax rate and tax valuation allowance, earnings from our foreign subsidiaries, remediation activities, indemnification, new product and service introductions, the ability of our products to meet market needs, changes to our manufacturing processes, the use of contract manufacturers, sources and supply of materials used in our products, the impact of local government regulations on our ability to pay vendors or conduct operations, our liquidity position, our ability to generate cash from operations, growth in our businesses, our investments, the potential impact of adopting new accounting pronouncements, our financial results, our purchase commitments, our contributions to our pension plans, the selection of discount rates and recognition of any gains or losses for our benefit plans, our cost-control activities, timing, savings and headcount reduction recognized from our restructuring programs and other cost saving initiatives, uncertainties relating to food and drug administration ("fda") and other regulatory approvals, the integration of our acquisitions and other transactions, the separation of the electronic measurement business, transaction expenses related to the separation, post-separation expenses, exiting our nuclear magnetic resonance ("nmr") business, our new organizational structure, our stock repurchase program, our declared dividends, our transition to lower-cost regions, and the existence of economic instability, that involve risks and uncertainties. our actual results could differ materially from the results contemplated by these forward-looking statements due to various factors, including those discussed in item 1a and elsewhere in this form 10-k.
overview and executive summary agilent technologies, inc. ("we", "agilent" or the "company"), incorporated in delaware in may 1999, is the world's premier measurement company providing core bio-analytical and electronic measurement solutions to the life sciences, diagnostics and genomics, chemical analysis, communications and electronics industries. our fiscal year end is october 31. unless otherwise stated, all years and dates refer to our fiscal year.
on september 19, 2013, agilent announced plans to separate into two publicly traded companies, one comprising of the life sciences, diagnostics and chemical analysis businesses that will retain the agilent name, and the other one that will be comprised of the electronic measurement business that will be renamed keysight technologies, inc. ("keysight"). keysight was incorporated in delaware as a wholly-owned subsidiary of agilent on december 6, 2013. agilent transferred substantially all of the assets, liabilities and operations of the electronic measurement business to keysight as of august 1, 2014. on november 1, 2014, we completed the distribution of 100% of the outstanding common shares of keysight to agilent stockholders who received one share of keysight common stock for every two shares of agilent held as of the close of business on the record date, october 22, 2014. we incurred pre-separation expenses of approximately $191 million in the year ended october 31, 2014. pre-separation costs included all incremental expenses incurred by agilent in order to effect the separation until the distribution date, november 1, 2014. they also included the cost of all new employees recruited in fiscal 2014 to operate the two separate companies. for the year ended october 31, 2014, we incurred $89 million of non-operating expenses related to the redemption of agilent's debt obligations as part of our debt repositioning ahead of the distribution of keysight. we also expect to incur some post-separation costs which include all incremental expenses incurred by agilent in order to resize our global infrastructure organization in alignment with the relatively smaller footprint of the new company. this will include expenses related to separation of it infrastructure from keysight until second quarter of fiscal 2015, streamlining of our residual it infrastructure and elimination of redundant erp (enterprise resource planning) software. we also expect to incur, upon separation, transaction expenses, which, among other things, relate to investment banking and other advisory fees as well as tax costs related to the distribution. total post-separation costs are expected to be approximately $50 million. the historical results of operations and the financial position of keysight are included in the consolidated financial statements of agilent and will be reported as discontinued operations beginning in the first quarter of 2015.
in november 2014, we announced a change in organizational structure designed to better serve our customers. our life sciences business, excluding the nucleic acid solutions division, together with the chemical analysis business will merge to form a new segment called life sciences and applied markets business. our diagnostics and genomics businesses will combine and will include the nucleic acid solutions division of our life sciences business to become the diagnostics and genomics segment. finally, the crosslab segment will be formed from the services and consumables businesses. financial reporting under this new structure will begin in the first quarter of 2015 with historical financial segment information recast to conform to this new presentation in our financial statements.
in the fourth quarter of 2014, agilent announced that it is exiting its nmr business. agilent stopped taking new nmr system orders, but the company will continue to meet customer commitments for orders in progress and for ongoing support
32
contracts and continue to provide service on all installed nmr systems. the company expects that this decision will eliminate about 300 jobs, mostly within the next 12 months. for the year ended october 31, 2014 charges of approximately $68 million were incurred in respect of the exit of this business. for additional details related to the exit of the nmr business see note 14, "restructuring and exit of nmr business".
on june 21, 2012, we completed our acquisition of dako a/s through the acquisition of 100% of the share capital of dako a/s, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of denmark ("dako"), under the share purchase agreement, dated may 16, 2012. as a result of the acquisition, dako became a wholly-owned subsidiary of agilent. the consideration paid was approximately $2,143 million, of which $1,400 million was paid directly to the seller and $743 million was paid to satisfy the outstanding debt of dako. agilent funded the acquisition using existing cash. the acquisition has been accounted for in accordance with the authoritative accounting guidance and the results of dako are included in agilent's consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. for additional details related to the acquisition of dako, see note 3, "acquisitions".
agilent's total orders in 2014 were $7,134 million, an increase of 4 percent when compared to 2013. foreign currency movements had an unfavorable impact of approximately 1 percentage point for the year ended october 31, 2014 when compared to 2013. within our life sciences and diagnostics business orders increased 5 percent in 2014 compared to 2013. chemical analysis orders increased 6 percent in 2014 when compared to 2013 and electronic measurement businesses orders increased 3 percent when compared to 2013. agilent's total orders in 2013 were $6,827 million, a decrease of 1 percent when compared to 2012. foreign currency movements had an unfavorable impact of approximately 2 percentage points for the year ended october 31, 2013 when compared to 2012. the increase in orders associated with the dako acquisition accounted for approximately 3 percentage points of order growth for the year ended 2013 when compared to 2012.
agilent's net revenue of $6,981 million in 2014 increased 3 percent when compared to 2013. foreign currency movements for 2014 had an unfavorable impact of approximately 1 percentage point compared to 2013. within our life sciences and diagnostics business revenue increased 3 percent in 2014 compared to 2013. there was growth in demand for life sciences and diagnostics products and services led by pharmaceutical and biotechnology and clinical markets. there was a decrease in demand from the life science research for the year ended october 31, 2014, when compared to the prior year. within our chemical analysis business revenue grew 5 percent in 2014 compared with the prior year. there was a strong increase in revenue from the food safety and forensics with environmental and petrochemical markets also showing increases at a more modest level when compared to the prior year. within electronic measurement, total revenue increased when compared to the prior year by 2 percent. general purpose markets increased with computer and semi-conductor markets improving, but aerospace and defense was down when compared to 2013. also within electronic measurement, the communications test business increased for the year ended october 31, 2014 when compared to the prior year with wireless manufacturing growing strongly and r&d showing a moderate shortfall compared to the prior year. agilent's net revenue of $6,782 million decreased 1 percent in 2013 when compared to 2012. foreign currency movements for 2013 had an unfavorable impact of approximately 1 percentage point compared to 2012. revenue associated with the dako acquisition accounted for approximately 4 percentage points of the revenue growth for the year ended october 31, 2013 when compared to 2012.
net income was $504 million in 2014 compared to net income of $724 million and $1,153 million in 2013 and 2012, respectively. in 2014, 2013 and 2012 we generated operating cash flows of $711 million, $1,152 million and $1,228 million, respectively. as of october 31, 2014 and 2013 we had cash and cash equivalents balances of $3,028 million and $2,675 million, respectively. operating cash flows in 2014 were impacted by pre-separation costs and separation related taxes, the redemption of senior notes including payments relating to accrued interest and the timing of the purchase of shares under the employee stock purchase plan.
for the years ended october 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 cash dividends of $176 million, $156 million and $104 million were paid on the company's outstanding common stock, respectively. on november 20, 2014, we declared a quarterly dividend of $0.10 per share of common stock, or approximately $34 million which will be paid on january 28, 2015 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on january 6, 2015. the timing and amounts of any future dividends are subject to determination and approval by our board of directors.
on july 14, 2014, we settled the redemption of all $500 million outstanding aggregate principal amount of our 5.5% senior notes ("2015 senior notes") due september 14, 2015 that had been called for redemption on june 12, 2014. the redemption price of approximately $528 million included a $28 million prepayment penalty, $1 million of amortization of debt issuance costs and discount, offset by the amortization of a deferred gain on the terminated interest rate swap related to those senior notes of approximately $8 million. we also paid accrued and unpaid interest of $9 million on the 2015 senior notes up to but not including the redemption date.
33
on october 20, 2014, we settled the redemption of $500 million of the $600 million outstanding aggregate principal amount of our 6.5% senior notes ("2017 senior notes") due november 1, 2017 that had been called for redemption on september 19, 2014. the redemption price of approximately $580 million included an $80 million prepayment penalty, $2 million of amortization of debt issuance costs and discount, offset by the amortization of a deferred gain on the terminated interest rate swap related to those senior notes of approximately $14 million. we also paid accrued and unpaid interest of $15 million on the 2017 senior notes up to but not including the redemption date.
on october 6, 2014 keysight announced that it had agreed to sell $500 million of 3.30% senior notes due 2019 ("2019 senior notes") and $600 million of 4.55% senior notes due 2024 ("2024 senior notes"). the transaction closed on october 15, 2014. each series of notes initially were guaranteed on an unsecured, unsubordinated basis by agilent. the guarantees terminated upon the completion of the separation of keysight from agilent on november 1, 2014.
on november 22, 2013 we announced that our board of directors had authorized a new share repurchase program. the new program is designed to reduce or eliminate dilution resulting from issuance of stock under the company's employee equity incentive programs to target maintaining a weighted average share count of approximately 335 million diluted shares. for the year ended october 31, 2014, we repurchased 4 million shares for $200 million.
looking forward, we expect positive trends to continue in our life sciences and diagnostics and chemical analysis businesses as we continue to invest in research and development and to improve our applications and solutions portfolio through the introduction of new products. we will continue to bring innovative new offerings to the marketplace, and expand our laboratory-wide services and consumables to drive growth in genomics, clinical research and diagnostic markets.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s. requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. management bases its estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions believed to be reasonable. although these estimates are based on management's best knowledge of current events and actions that may impact the company in the future, actual results may be different from the estimates. an accounting policy is deemed to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made, and if different estimates that reasonably could have been used or changes in the accounting estimate that are reasonably likely to occur could materially change the financial statements. our critical accounting policies are those that affect our financial statements materially and involve difficult, subjective or complex judgments by management. those policies are revenue recognition, inventory valuation, share-based compensation, retirement and post-retirement plan assumptions, valuation of goodwill and purchased intangible assets, restructuring and accounting for income taxes.
revenue recognition.    we enter into agreements to sell products (hardware or software), services, and other arrangements (multiple element arrangements) that include combinations of products and services. revenue from product sales, net of trade discounts and allowances, is recognized provided that persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the price is fixed or determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured. delivery is considered to have occurred when title and risk of loss have transferred to the customer. revenue is reduced for estimated product returns, when appropriate. for sales that include customer-specified acceptance criteria, revenue is recognized after the acceptance criteria have been met. for products that include installation, if the installation meets the criteria to be considered a separate element, product revenue is recognized upon delivery, and recognition of installation revenue occurs when the installation is complete. otherwise, neither the product nor the installation revenue is recognized until the installation is complete. revenue from services is deferred and recognized over the contractual period or as services are rendered and accepted by the customer. we allocate revenue to each element in our multiple-element arrangements based upon their relative selling prices. we determine the selling price for each deliverable based on a selling price hierarchy. the selling price for a deliverable is based on our vendor specific objective evidence (vsoe) if available, third-party evidence (tpe) if vsoe is not available, or estimated selling price (esp) if neither vsoe nor tpe is available. revenue from the sale of software products that are not required to deliver the tangible product's essential functionality are accounted for under software revenue recognition rules. revenue allocated to each element is then recognized when the basic revenue recognition criteria for that element have been met. the amount of product revenue recognized is affected by our judgments as to whether an arrangement includes multiple elements.
we use vsoe of selling price in the selling price allocation in all instances where it exists. vsoe of selling price for products and services is determined when a substantial majority of the selling prices fall within a reasonable range when sold separately. tpe of selling price can be established by evaluating largely interchangeable competitor products or services in standalone sales to similarly situated customers. as our products contain a significant element of proprietary technology and the solution offered differs substantially from that of competitors, it is difficult to obtain the reliable standalone competitive pricing
34
necessary to establish tpe. esp represents the best estimate of the price at which we would transact a sale if the product or service were sold on a standalone basis. we determine esp for a product or service by using historical selling prices which reflect multiple factors including, but not limited to customer type, geography, market conditions, competitive landscape, gross margin objectives and pricing practices. the determination of esp is made through consultation with and approval by management. we may modify or develop new pricing practices and strategies in the future. as these pricing strategies evolve changes may occur in esp. the aforementioned factors may result in a different allocation of revenue to the deliverables in multiple element arrangements, which may change the pattern and timing of revenue recognition for these elements but will not change the total revenue recognized for the arrangement.
inventory valuation.    we assess the valuation of our inventory on a periodic basis and make adjustments to the value for estimated excess and obsolete inventory based upon estimates about future demand and actual usage. such estimates are difficult to make under most economic conditions. the excess balance determined by this analysis becomes the basis for our excess inventory charge. our excess inventory review process includes analysis of sales forecasts, managing product rollovers and working with manufacturing to maximize recovery of excess inventory. if actual market conditions are less favorable than those projected by management, additional write-downs may be required. if actual market conditions are more favorable than anticipated, inventory previously written down may be sold to customers, resulting in lower cost of sales and higher income from operations than expected in that period. in the fourth quarter of 2014, agilent announced it is exiting the nmr business, and as a result, recorded an excess inventory charge of $30 million.
share-based compensation.    we account for share-based awards in accordance with the authoritative guidance. under the authoritative guidance, share-based compensation expense is primarily based on estimated grant date fair value and is recognized on a straight line basis. the fair value of share-based awards for employee stock option awards was estimated using the black-scholes option pricing model. shares granted under the long-term performance program ("ltpp") were valued using the monte carlo simulation model. the estimated fair value of restricted stock unit awards is determined based on the market price of agilent's common stock on the date of grant adjusted for expected dividend yield.  on january 17, 2012, the company's board of directors approved the initiation of quarterly cash dividends to the company's shareholders. the fair value of all the awards granted prior to the declaration of quarterly cash dividend was measured based on an expected dividend yield of 0%. the employee stock purchase plan ("espp") allows eligible employees to purchase shares of our common stock at 85 percent of the fair market value at the purchase date.
both the black-scholes and monte carlo simulation fair value models require the use of highly subjective and complex assumptions, including the option's expected life and the price volatility of the underlying stock. the expected stock price volatility assumption was determined using the historical volatility of agilent's stock option over the most recent historical period equivalent to the expected life. a 10 percent increase in our historical estimated volatility from 39 percent to 49 percent for our most recent employee stock option grant would generally increase the value of an award and the associated compensation cost by approximately 23 percent if no other factors were changed.
for the grants awarded under the 2009 stock plan after november 1, 2010, we increased the period available to retirement eligible employees to exercise their options from three years at retirement date to the full contractual term of ten years. in developing our estimated life of our employee stock options of 5.8 years for 2012 to 2014, we considered the historical option exercise behavior of our executive employees who were granted the majority of the options in the annual grants, which we believe is representative of future behavior. see note 4, "share-based compensation," to the consolidated financial statements for more information.
the assumptions used in calculating the fair value of share-based awards represent our best estimates, but these estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management judgment. although we believe the assumptions and estimates we have made are reasonable and appropriate, changes in assumptions could materially impact our reported financial results.
retirement and post-retirement benefit plan assumptions.    retirement and post-retirement benefit plan costs are a significant cost of doing business. they represent obligations that will ultimately be settled sometime in the future and therefore are subject to estimation. pension accounting is intended to reflect the recognition of future benefit costs over the employees' average expected future service to agilent based on the terms of the plans and investment and funding decisions. to estimate the impact of these future payments and our decisions concerning funding of these obligations, we are required to make assumptions using actuarial concepts within the framework of accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s. two critical assumptions are the discount rate and the expected long-term return on plan assets. other important assumptions include, expected future salary increases, expected future increases to benefit payments, expected retirement dates, employee turnover, retiree mortality rates, and portfolio composition. we evaluate these assumptions at least annually.
the discount rate is used to determine the present value of future benefit payments at the measurement date - october 31 for both u.s. and non-u.s. plans. for 2014 and 2013, the u.s. discount rates were based on the results of matching expected plan
35
benefit payments with cash flows from a hypothetically constructed bond portfolio and decreased in 2014 from the previous year. for 2014 and 2013, the discount rate for non-u.s. plans was generally based on published rates for high quality corporate bonds and in 2014, decreased from the previous year. if we changed our discount rate by 1 percent, the impact would be $8 million on u.s. pension expense and $21 million on non-u.s. pension expense. lower discount rates increase present values and subsequent year pension expense; higher discount rates decrease present values and subsequent year pension expense.
the company uses alternate methods of amortization as allowed by the authoritative guidance which amortizes the actuarial gains and losses on a consistent basis for the years presented. for u.s. plans, gains and losses are amortized over the average future working lifetime. for most non-u.s. plans and u.s. post-retirement benefit plans, gains and losses are amortized using a separate layer for each year's gains and losses. the expected long-term return on plan assets is estimated using current and expected asset allocations as well as historical and expected returns. plan assets are valued at fair value. if we changed our estimated return on assets by 1 percent, the impact would be $10 million on u.s. pension expense and $17 million on non-u.s. pension expense. for 2014, actual return on assets was above expectations which, along with contributions during the year, reduced next year's pension cost as well as improved the funded status at year end. the net periodic pension and post-retirement benefit costs recorded in operations excluding curtailments and settlements were $13 million in 2014, $58 million in 2013, and $52 million in 2012.
goodwill and purchased intangible assets. under the authoritative guidance we have the option to perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether further impairment testing is necessary. the accounting standard gives an entity the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether performing the two-step test is necessary. if an entity believes, as a result of its qualitative assessment, that it is more-likely-than-not (i.e. greater than 50% chance) that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the quantitative impairment test will be required. otherwise, no further testing will be required.
the guidance includes examples of events and circumstances that might indicate that a reporting unit's fair value is less than its carrying amount. these include macro-economic conditions such as deterioration in the entity's operating environment or industry or market considerations; entity-specific events such as increasing costs, declining financial performance, or loss of key personnel; or other events such as an expectation that a reporting unit will be sold or a sustained decrease in the stock price on either an absolute basis or relative to peers.
if it is determined, as a result of the qualitative assessment, that it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the provisions of authoritative guidance require that we perform a two-step impairment test on goodwill. in the first step, we compare the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value. the second step (if necessary) measures the amount of impairment by applying fair-value-based tests to the individual assets and liabilities within each reporting unit. as defined in the authoritative guidance, a reporting unit is an operating segment, or one level below an operating segment. we aggregate components of an operating segment that have similar economic characteristics into our reporting units.
in fiscal year 2014, we assessed goodwill impairment for our four reporting units which consisted of two segments: chemical analysis and electronic measurement; and two reporting units under the life sciences and diagnostics segment. the first of these two reporting units related to our life sciences business and the second related to our diagnostics business. we performed a qualitative test for goodwill impairment of the four reporting units, as of september 30, 2014. based on the results of our qualitative testing, we believe that it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of these reporting units are greater than their respective carrying values. each quarter we review the events and circumstances to determine if goodwill impairment is indicated. there was no impairment of goodwill during the years ended october 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012.
purchased intangible assets consist primarily of acquired developed technologies, proprietary know-how, trademarks, and customer relationships and are amortized using the best estimate of the asset's useful life that reflect the pattern in which the economic benefits are consumed or used up or a straight-line method ranging from 6 months to 15 years. in-process research and development ("ipr&d") is initially capitalized at fair value as an intangible asset with an indefinite life and assessed for impairment thereafter. when the ipr&d project is complete, it is reclassified as an amortizable purchased intangible asset and is amortized over its estimated useful life. if an ipr&d project is abandoned, agilent will record a charge for the value of the related intangible asset to agilent's condensed consolidated statement of operations in the period it is abandoned.
agilent's indefinite-lived intangible assets are ipr&d intangible assets. the accounting guidance allows a qualitative approach for testing indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment, similar to the issued impairment testing guidance for goodwill and allowed the option to first assess qualitative factors (events and circumstances) that could have affected the significant inputs used in determining the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset to determine whether it is more-likely-than-not (i.e. greater than 50% chance) that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. an organization may choose to bypass the qualitative assessment for any indefinite-lived intangible asset in any period and proceed directly to calculating its fair value. we performed a qualitative test for impairment of indefinite-lived intangible assets as of september 30, 2014. based on the results of our qualitative
36
testing, we believe that it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of these indefinite-lived intangible assets is greater than their respective carrying values. each quarter we review the events and circumstances to determine if impairment of indefinite-lived intangible asset is indicated. in the years ended october 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, we recorded an impairment of $4 million, $1 million and $1 million, respectively due to the cancellation of certain ipr&d projects. in addition, in the year ended october 31, 2014, we also recorded $12 million of impairment of other intangibles due to the exit of our nmr business.
restructuring and exit of nmr business. the main components of expenses are related to workforce reductions, assets impairments and write-downs and special charges to inventory, which mainly relates to exiting of one of our businesses. workforce reduction charges are accrued when payment of benefits that the employees are entitled to becomes probable and the amounts can be estimated. we have also assessed the recoverability of our long-lived assets, by determining whether the carrying value of such assets will be recovered through undiscounted future cash flows. asset impairments primarily consist of property, plant and equipment and are based on an estimate of the amounts and timing of future cash flows related to the expected future remaining use and ultimate sale or disposal of buildings and equipment net of costs to sell. the charges related to inventory include estimated future inventory disposal payments that we are contractually obliged to make to our suppliers and inventory written-down to net realizable value. if the amounts and timing of cash flows from restructuring activities are significantly different from what we have estimated, the actual amount of restructuring and asset impairment charges could be materially different, either higher or lower, than those we have recorded.
accounting for income taxes. we must make certain estimates and judgments in determining income tax expense for financial statement purposes. these estimates and judgments occur in the calculation of tax credits, benefits and deductions, and in the calculation of certain tax assets and liabilities which arise from differences in the timing of recognition of revenue and expense for tax and financial statement purposes, as well as interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions. significant changes to these estimates may result in an increase or decrease to our tax provision in a subsequent period.
significant management judgment is also required in determining whether deferred tax assets will be realized in full or in part. when it is more-likely-than-not that all or some portion of specific deferred tax assets such as net operating losses or foreign tax credit carryforwards will not be realized, a valuation allowance must be established for the amount of the deferred tax assets that cannot be realized. we consider all available positive and negative evidence on a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis when assessing whether it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets are recoverable. we consider evidence such as our past operating results, the existence of losses in recent years and our forecast of future taxable income. in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012 we released the valuation allowance for the majority of our u.s. deferred tax assets. at october 31, 2014, we continue to recognize a valuation allowance for certain u.s. state and foreign deferred tax assets. we intend to maintain a valuation allowance in these jurisdictions until sufficient positive evidence exists to support its reversal.
we have not provided for all u.s. federal income and foreign withholding taxes on the undistributed earnings of some of our foreign subsidiaries because we intend to reinvest such earnings indefinitely. should we decide to remit this income to the u.s. in a future period, our provision for income taxes will increase materially in that period.
the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax law and regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions. although the guidance on the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes prescribes the use of a recognition and measurement model, the determination of whether an uncertain tax position has met those thresholds will continue to require significant judgment by management. in accordance with the guidance on the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes, for all u.s. and other tax jurisdictions, we recognize potential liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes and interest will be due. the ultimate resolution of tax uncertainties may differ from what is currently estimated, which could result in a material impact on income tax expense. if our estimate of income tax liabilities proves to be less than the ultimate assessment, a further charge to expense would be required. if events occur and the payment of these amounts ultimately proves to be unnecessary, the reversal of the liabilities would result in tax benefits being recognized in the period when we determine the liabilities are no longer necessary. we include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within the provision for income taxes on the consolidated statements of operations.
as a part of our accounting for business combinations, intangible assets are recognized at fair values and goodwill is measured as the excess of consideration transferred over the net estimated fair values of assets acquired. impairment charges associated with goodwill are generally not tax deductible and will result in an increased effective income tax rate in the period that any impairment is recorded. amortization expenses associated with acquired intangible assets are generally not tax deductible and therefore deferred tax liabilities have been recorded for non-deductible amortization expenses as a part of the accounting for business combinations.
37
adoption of new pronouncements see note 2, "new accounting pronouncements," to the consolidated financial statements for a description of new accounting pronouncements.
restructuring and exit of nmr business during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2014, we made the decision to cease the manufacture and sale of our nuclear magnetic resonance ("nmr") product line within our life sciences and diagnostics segment. the exit of the nmr business was primarily due to the lack of growth and profitability of the product line. in connection with the exit, we have recorded approximately $68 million in restructuring and other related costs associated with the closure of nmr. these costs are comprised of severance and other personnel costs related to the workforce reduction of approximately 300 employees primarily located in the united kingdom and california and non-cash charges related to intangible asset impairments and other asset write-downs including inventory. we expect to substantially complete these restructuring activities by the end of fiscal 2016. the exit of the nmr business is expected to result in a positive impact of approximately $10 million in operating profit in fiscal year 2015. as of october 31, 2014, substantially all employees are pending termination under the above actions and approximately $2 million was paid under the above actions.
in the second quarter of 2013, we accrued for a targeted restructuring program to reduce agilent's total headcount by approximately 450 regular employees, representing approximately 2 percent of our global workforce. in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2013, agilent announced plans to separate the electronic measurement business from agilent which was completed on november 1, 2014. as a result, approximately 50 employees from the targeted restructuring plan have been redeployed within the company, reducing the total headcount under this plan to 400 employees. the timing and scope of workforce reductions will vary based on local legal requirements. when completed the restructuring program expected to result in an approximately $50 million reduction in annual cost of sales and operating expenses over the three business segments. in addition we have been streamlining our manufacturing operations. as part of this action, we anticipate the reduction of approximately 250 positions to reduce our annual cost of sales.
for the year ended october 31, 2014 we reversed $4 million in restructuring charges associated with employees that have been redeployed within the company. within the u.s, we have substantially completed these restructuring activities.  internationally, we expect to complete almost all of these restructuring activities by the end of the first quarter of fiscal 2015. as of october 31, 2014, approximately 70 employees, including keysight employees, are pending termination and approximately $46 million was been paid under the above actions. in the year ended october 31, 2014, we have realized the expected savings within our three business segments as a result of these restructuring activities.
foreign currency our revenues, costs and expenses, and monetary assets and liabilities are exposed to changes in foreign currency exchange rates as a result of our global operating and financing activities. we hedge revenues, expenses and balance sheet exposures that are not denominated in the functional currencies of our subsidiaries on a short term and anticipated basis. we do experience some fluctuations within individual lines of the consolidated statement of operations and balance sheet because our hedging program is not designed to offset the currency movements in each category of revenues, expenses, monetary assets and liabilities. our hedging program is designed to hedge currency movements on a relatively short-term basis (up to a rolling twelve month period). therefore, we are exposed to currency fluctuations over the longer term. to the extent that we are required to pay for all, or portions, of an acquisition price in foreign currencies, agilent may enter into foreign exchange contracts to reduce the risk that currency movements will impact the u.s. dollar cost of the transaction.
results from operations
38
orders and net revenue years ended october 31,   2014 over 2013   2013 over 2012
% change         % change
2014                                  2013                  2012
(in millions)
orders                  $7,134                $6,827                $6,877                    4%             (1)%
net revenue:
products                $5,686                $5,534                $5,659                    3%             (2)%
services and other      $1,295                $1,248                $1,199                    4%               4%
total net revenue       $6,981                $6,782                $6,858                    3%             (1)%
years ended october 31,   2014 over 2013   2013 over 2012
ppts change      ppts change
2014                                         2013           2012
% of total net revenue:
products                   81   %         82    %        83    %          (1) ppt          (1) ppt services and other         19   %         18    %        17    %            1 ppt            1 ppt total                     100   %        100    %       100    %
in general, recorded orders represent firm purchase commitments from our customers with established terms and conditions for products and services that will be delivered within six months.
agilent's total orders in 2014 were $7,134 million, an increase of 4 percent when compared to 2013. foreign currency movements had an unfavorable impact of approximately 1 percentage point for the year ended october 31, 2014 when compared to 2013. within our life sciences and diagnostics business orders increased 5 percent in 2014 compared to 2013. chemical analysis orders increased 6 percent in 2014 when compared to 2013 and electronic measurement businesses orders increased 3 percent when compared to 2013. agilent's total orders in 2013 were $6,827 million, a decrease of 1 percent when compared to 2012. foreign currency movements had an unfavorable impact of approximately 2 percentage points for the year ended october 31, 2013 when compared to 2012. the increase in orders associated with the dako acquisition accounted for approximately 3 percentage points of order growth for the year ended 2013 when compared to 2012.
agilent's net revenue of $6,981 million in 2014 increased 3 percent when compared to 2013. foreign currency movements for 2014 had an unfavorable impact of approximately 1 percentage point compared to 2013. within our life sciences and diagnostics business revenue increased 3 percent in 2014 compared to 2013. there was growth in demand for life sciences and diagnostics products and services led by pharmaceutical and biotechnology and clinical markets. there was a decrease in demand from the life science research for the year ended october 31, 2014, when compared to the prior year. within our chemical analysis business revenue grew 5 percent in 2014 compared with the prior year. there was a strong increase in revenue from the food safety and forensics with environmental and petrochemical markets also showing increases at a more modest level when compared to the prior year. within electronic measurement, total revenue increased when compared to the prior year by 2 percent. general purpose markets increased with computer and semi-conductor markets improving, but aerospace and defense was down when compared to 2013. also within electronic measurement, the communications test business increased for the year ended october 31, 2014 when compared to the prior year with wireless manufacturing growing strongly and r&d showing a moderate shortfall compared to the prior year. agilent's net revenue of $6,782 million decreased 1 percent in 2013 when compared to 2012. foreign currency movements for 2013 had an unfavorable impact of approximately 1 percentage point compared to 2012. revenue associated with the dako acquisition accounted for approximately 4 percentage points of the revenue growth for the year ended october 31, 2013 when compared to 2012.
services and other revenue include revenue generated from servicing our installed base of products, warranty extensions and consulting. services and other revenue increased 4 percent in 2014 as compared to 2013. the service and other revenue growth is impacted by a portion of the revenue being driven by the current and previously installed produce base. service and other revenue increased due to increased service contract renewals and laboratory productivity services, but revenue from the sale of extended warranties within our electronic measurement business was flat due to the extension of standard terms from one year to three years in 2013. services and other revenue increased 4 percent in 2013 as compared to 2012.
39
backlog backlog represents the amount of revenue expected from orders that have already been booked, including orders for goods and services that have not been delivered to customers, orders invoiced but not yet recognized as revenue, and orders for goods that were shipped but not invoiced, awaiting acceptance by customers.
on october 31, 2014, our unfilled backlog for the chemical analysis business was approximately $430 million, as compared to approximately $380 million at october 31, 2013. within our life sciences and diagnostics business, our unfilled backlog was approximately $530 million on october 31, 2014 as compared to approximately $520 million at october 31, 2013.
on october 31, 2014, our unfilled backlog for the electronic measurement business was approximately $780 million, as compared to approximately $760 million at october 31, 2013. it is expected that the unfilled backlog will be fulfilled by keysight which separated from agilent on november 1, 2014.
we expect that a majority of the unfilled backlog for all businesses will be delivered to customers within six months. on average, our unfilled backlog represents approximately three months' worth of revenues. we believe backlog on any particular date, while indicative of short-term revenue performance, is not necessarily a reliable indicator of medium or long-term revenue performance.
costs and expenses years ended october 31,   2014 over 2013   2013 over 2012
change   change
2014                                                     2013           2012
gross margin on products             53.0   %       53.5    %      53.9    %          (1) ppt   -
gross margin on services and other   44.8   %       46.2    %      46.1    %          (1) ppt   -
total gross margin                   51.5   %       52.1    %      52.6    %          (1) ppt   -
operating margin                     11.9   %       14.0    %      16.3    %         (2) ppts   (2) ppts
(in millions)
research and development                   $719        $704        $668   2%   5%
selling, general and administrative      $2,043      $1,880      $1,817   9%   3%
in 2014, total gross margins decreased one percentage point when compared to the same period last year. gross margins in our life sciences and diagnostics business were relatively flat, up in our chemicals analysis business and down within our electronic measurement business for the year ended october 31, 2014 when compared to 2013. there were changes in gross margin due to higher inventory charges driven by the exit of the nmr business, expenditures to address an fda warning letter, increased warranty costs and product discounts offset by favorable manufacturing overhead costs. operating margins declined by 2 percentage point in the year ended october 31, 2014 when compared to the same period last year. the overall decline in operating margin for the year ended october 31, 2014 was mostly due to pre-separation costs. operating margins within our life sciences and diagnostics business was down and in the chemical analysis business operating margins increased for the year ended october 31, 2014 when compared to 2013. within electronic measurement operating margins was flat for the year ended october 31, 2014 when compared to 2013.
in 2013, total gross margin was flat in comparison to 2012. increased costs, in particular, intangible amortization from the acquisition of dako, restructuring expenses and inventory charges were offset by a decrease in variable and incentive pay. operating margins in 2013 decreased 2 percentage points compared to 2012 as a result of increased operating expenses associated with the dako acquisition, including increased intangible asset amortization, restructuring costs, higher wages and increased inventory charges offset by lower variable and incentive pay. this was the result of maintaining cost control through a decrease in variable and incentive pay while absorbing increases in expenditure from dako and wage increases.
gross inventory charges were $79 million in 2014, $48 million in 2013 and $30 million in 2012. sales of previously written down inventory were $9 million in 2014, $7 million in 2013 and $5 million in 2012.
our research and development efforts focus on potential new products and product improvements covering a wide variety of technologies, none of which is individually significant to our operations. we conduct five types of research and development: basic research, foundation technologies, communications, life sciences and measurement. our research seeks to improve on various
40
technical competencies in electronics, photonics, software, systems and solutions and life sciences. in each of these research fields, we conduct research that is focused on specific product development for release in the short-term as well as other research that is intended to be the foundation for future products over a longer time-horizon. some of our product development research is designed to improve on the more than 20,000 products already in production, focus on major new product releases, and develop new product segments for the future. due to the breadth of research and development projects across all of our businesses, there are a number of drivers of this expense. we remain committed to invest significantly in research and development and have focused our development efforts on key strategic opportunities to align our business with available markets and position ourselves to capture market share.
research and development expenditures increased 2 percent in 2014 compared to 2013. r&d expenditure increased within our life sciences and diagnostics and chemical analysis businesses with investments for product and software r&d together with wage increases and higher variable pay. within our electronic measurement business there was a reduction in r&d expenditure within electronic measurement business due to savings from prior year's restructuring. research and development expenditures increased 5 percent in 2013 compared to 2012. increased expenditure was due to our continued investment in new product development and technologies, increased costs due to dako, restructuring costs and wage increases, partially offset by lower variable and incentive pay. we remain committed to invest in research and development and have focused our development efforts on key strategic opportunities in order to align our business with available markets and position ourselves to capture market share.
selling, general and administrative expenses increased 9 percent in 2014 compared to 2013. selling, general and administrative expenditure increased mostly due to pre-separation costs with other increases in wages, higher commissions and investments in sales channel coverage partially offset by an $11 million gain on sale of land and savings due to restructuring charges incurred in the prior year. selling, general and administrative expenses increased 3 percent in 2013 compared to 2012. increases were due to the acquisition of dako, including amortization of intangible assets, wage increases and investments in sales channel coverage in emerging geographies and restructuring costs offset by decreases in variable and incentive pay.
interest expense for the years ended october 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 was $113 million, $107 million and $101 million, respectively, and relates to the interest charged on our senior notes offset by the amortization of deferred gains recorded upon termination of interest rate swap contracts.
at october 31, 2014, our headcount was approximately 21,400 compared to 20,600 in 2013 and 20,500 in 2012. following the separation of keysight from agilent our headcount will be approximately 12,000.
other income (expense)
for the year ended october 31, 2014 other income (expense), net includes a net loss on the early redemption of the 2015 senior notes and partial redemption of the 2017 notes of $89 million consisting of the prepayment penalties of $108 million, $3 million of accelerated amortization of debt issuance costs and discount and the accelerated amortization of interest rate swap gains of $22 million.
income taxes years ended october 31,
2014                                                  2013                2012
(in millions)
provision (benefit) for income taxes   $142                $135                $(110     )
for 2014, the effective tax rate was 22 percent. the 22 percent effective tax rate is lower than the u.s. statutory rate primarily due to the mix of earnings in non-u.s. jurisdictions taxed at lower statutory rates; in particular singapore where we enjoy tax holidays. the impact of the tax holidays decreased income taxes by $76 million in 2014. in the fourth quarter we recorded an out of period tax expense of $13 million tax for corrections to u.s. deferred taxes. in the third quarter we recorded out of period adjustments consisting of a $9 million tax benefit related to the correction of the tax basis of land in the uk and a $3 million tax expense to correct tax related balance sheet accounts. in the second quarter we recorded an out of period adjustment to tax expense of approximately $12 million for correction of transfer pricing for tax years 2012 and 2013. these corrections are not considered material to current or prior periods. the effective tax rate increased by 6 percent over the previous year primarily due to lower earnings in non-us jurisdictions taxed a lower statutory rates, the out of period adjustments listed above and the impact of non-deductible costs related to the separation of keysight of $17 million.
41
for 2013, the effective tax rate was 16 percent. the 16 percent effective tax rate is lower than the u.s. statutory rate primarily due to the mix of earnings in non-u.s. jurisdictions taxed at lower statutory rates; in particular singapore where we enjoy tax holidays. the impact of the tax holidays decreased income taxes by $127 million in 2013. the effective tax rate also included a $12 million out-of-period adjustment to increase tax expense, recognized in the second quarter of 2013, associated with the write off of deferred tax assets related to foreign tax credits incorrectly claimed in prior years.
for 2012, the effective tax rate was a benefit of 11 percent. the 11 percent effective tax rate benefit reflected tax on earnings in jurisdictions that had low effective tax rates and included a $280 million tax benefit due to the reversal of a valuation allowance for most u.s. federal and state deferred tax assets. valuation allowances require an assessment of both positive and negative evidence when determining whether it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets are recoverable. such assessment is required on a jurisdiction by jurisdiction basis. in the fourth quarter of 2012, management concluded that the valuation allowance for most of agilent's u.s. federal and state deferred tax assets was no longer needed primarily due to the emergence from cumulative losses in recent years, the return to sustainable u.s. operating profits and the expectation of sustainable profitability in future periods. as of october 31, 2012, the cumulative positive evidence outweighed the negative evidence regarding the likelihood that most of the deferred tax asset for agilent's u.s. consolidated income tax group will be realized. accordingly, we recognized a non-recurring tax benefit of $280 million relating to the valuation allowance reversal. the effective tax rate also included a non-recurring tax expense of $88 million relating to an increase in the overall residual u.s. tax expected to be imposed upon the repatriation of unremitted foreign earnings previously considered permanently reinvested. during the fourth quarter of 2012, we assessed the forecasted cash needs and overall financial position of our foreign subsidiaries and determined that a portion of previously permanently reinvested earnings would no longer be reinvested overseas. the effective tax rate was also reduced by a $68 million tax benefit primarily associated with the recognition of previously unrecognized tax benefits and the reversal of the related interest accruals due to the reassessment of certain uncertain tax positions relating to foreign jurisdictions.
agilent enjoys tax holidays in several different jurisdictions, most significantly in singapore. the tax holidays provide lower rates of taxation on certain classes of income and require various thresholds of investments and employment or specific types of income in those jurisdictions. the tax holidays are due for renewal between 2015 and 2023. the keysight entity in singapore has not obtained a tax holiday to date. accordingly, income tax expense has been recorded on its fourth quarter earnings at the statutory rate. as a result of the incentives, the impact of the tax holidays decreased income taxes by $76 million, $127 million, and $122 million in 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively. the benefit of the tax holidays on net income per share (diluted) was approximately $0.23, $0.37, and $0.35 in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
in accordance with the guidance on the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes, for all u.s. and other tax jurisdictions, we recognize potential liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes and interest will be due. if our estimate of income tax liabilities proves to be less than the ultimate assessment, a further charge to expense would be required. if events occur and the payment of these amounts ultimately proves to be unnecessary, the reversal of the liabilities would result in tax benefits being recognized in the period when we determine the liabilities are no longer necessary. we include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within the provision for income taxes on the consolidated statements of operations.
in the u.s., tax years remain open back to the year 2008 for federal income tax purposes and the year 2000 for significant states. on january 29, 2014 we reached an agreement with the irs for the tax years 2006 through 2007. the settlement resulted in the recognition of previously unrecognized tax benefits of $160 million, offset by a tax liability on foreign distributions of approximately $148 million principally related to additional foreign earnings that were recognized in conjunction with the settlement. agilent's u.s. federal income tax returns for 2008 through 2011 are currently under audit by the irs.
in connection with the settlement of the 2006-2007 irs audit, we identified during the first quarter of fiscal year 2014 an overstatement of approximately $65 million in our long-term tax liabilities. the overstatement was recorded in 2008 as a cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle when we adopted accounting standard codification 740-10, income taxes. accordingly, we corrected the error by reducing long-term tax liabilities and increasing retained earnings by $65 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2014. the correction had no impact on net income or cash flows in any prior period and is not considered material to total liabilities or equity in any prior period.
in other major jurisdictions where the company conducts business, the tax years generally remain open back to the year 2003. with these jurisdictions and the u.s., it is reasonably possible that there could be significant changes to our unrecognized tax benefits in the next twelve months due to either the expiration of a statute of limitation or a tax audit settlement. given the number of years and numerous matters that remain subject to examination in various tax jurisdictions, management is unable to estimate the range of possible changes to the balance of our unrecognized tax benefits.
42
segment overview through october 31, 2014, we have three business segments comprised of the life sciences and diagnostics business, the chemical analysis business and the electronic measurement business.
life sciences and diagnostics our life sciences and diagnostics business provides application-focused solutions that include reagents, instruments, software, consumables, and services that enable customers to identify, quantify and analyze the physical and biological properties of substances and products, as well as enable customers in the clinical and life sciences research areas to interrogate samples at the molecular level. key product categories include: liquid chromatography ("lc") systems, columns and components; liquid chromatography mass spectrometry ("lcms") systems; laboratory software and informatics systems; laboratory automation and robotic systems; dissolution testing; nucleic acid solutions; nuclear magnetic resonance, and x-ray diffraction systems; services and support for the aforementioned products; immunohistochemistry; in situ hybridization; hematoxylin and eosin staining; special staining, dna mutation detection; genotyping; gene copy number determination; identification of gene rearrangements; dna methylation profiling; gene expression profiling; next generation sequencing target enrichment; and automated gel electrophoresis-based sample analysis systems. we also collaborate with a number of major pharmaceutical companies to develop new potential pharmacodiagnostics, also called companion diagnostics, with the potential of identifying patients most likely to benefit from a specific targeted therapy.
orders and net revenue years ended october 31,   2014 over 2013   2013 over 2012
change           change
2014                                                   2013                  2012
(in millions)
orders                                   $2,424                $2,319                $1,993                    5%              16%
net revenue from products                $1,914                $1,868                $1,578                    2%              18%
net revenue from services and other         458        432                   406                               6%               6%
total net revenue                        $2,372                $2,300                $1,984                    3%              16%
life sciences and diagnostics orders in 2014 grew 5 percent compared to 2013. foreign currency movements had a negligible impact on order growth when compared to the prior year. order results were led by solid demand in the lc, services and consumables portfolios, along with strength in lcms, nucleic acid, genomics and informatics. geographically, orders grew 5 percent in the americas, grew 9 percent in europe, declined 9 percent in japan, and grew 2 percent in asia pacific excluding japan during 2014 when compared to 2013. life sciences and diagnostics orders in 2013 increased 16 percent compared to 2012. foreign currency movements had an unfavorable impact of 2 percentage points on order growth when compared to the prior year. excluding the impact of the dako acquisition, order growth of 4 percent in 2013 was driven by strength in lc, genomics, services and consumables, partially offset by declines in lcms and research products.
life sciences and diagnostics net revenue in 2014 increased 3 percent compared to 2013. foreign currency movements for 2013 had a negligible impact on revenue growth when compared to the prior year. revenue growth was led by strength in genomics, lc, consumables and services portfolios. geographically, revenue grew 3 percent in the americas, grew 5 percent in europe, declined 1 percent in japan, and grew 3 percent in asia pacific excluding japan during 2014 when compared to 2013. the economic recovery and improved government spending continued to drive growth in the americas. increased spending for life science research in china drove the moderate growth in asia pacific excluding japan, while japan reflected the unfavorable impact of currency and lower government spending. life sciences and diagnostics revenue in 2013 increased 16 percent compared to 2012. foreign currency movements for 2013 had an unfavorable impact of 1 percentage point compared to 2012. excluding the impact of the dako acquisition, revenue growth of 3 percent was led by strength in lc, consumables and services, partially offset by declines in lcms and research products.
end market performance reflected mixed growth across markets in 2014. pharmaceutical and biotechnology market growth was driven by technology refreshes and continued specialty pharmaceutical demand. despite budget restrictions in most pharmaceutical companies, technology refresh programs in large and mid-size pharmaceutical companies continue to drive traditional replacement business to move to the latest technologies. in life science research, improved government spending on
43
capital equipment in the u.s., china and europe in the second half of 2014 was not enough to offset the softness in research in the first half and in japan. the first half of 2014 was impacted by slow releasing budgets particularly in the u.s. and china. the diagnostics and clinical market reflected solid demand for cgh microarray and target enrichment solutions and sustained growth in pathology. applied markets grew moderately with good demand in forensics and food boosted by increased government spending in the u.s.
looking forward, we are optimistic about our growth opportunities in the life sciences and diagnostics markets as our broad portfolio of products and solutions are well suited to address customer needs. we continue to invest in expanding and improving our applications and solutions portfolio. we expect low spending levels to continue in life science research markets, but we expect businesses such as consumables and services and the continued need to refresh instrumentation with high sensitivity and increased throughput to partially offset this effect. we remain positive about our growth in our clinical and clinical research markets, as adoption of our sureselect and haloplex sequencing target enrichment solutions continue. we expect that there will be a positive impact of approximately 1 percentage point to operating margin in fiscal year 2015 as we complete the exit of our nmr business.
gross margin and operating margin the following table shows the life sciences and diagnostics business' margins, expenses and income from operations for 2014 versus 2013, and 2013 versus 2012.
years ended october 31,   2014 over 2013   2013 over 2012
change           change
2014                                     2013           2012
total gross margin   54.1   %       54.3    %      53.3    %                -            1 ppt operating margin     15.8   %       16.4    %      14.8    %          (1) ppt           2 ppts
(in millions)
research and development                 $244      $228      $195   7%   17%
selling, general and administrative      $664      $645      $567   3%   14%
income from operations                   $376      $377      $295    -   28%
gross margins in 2014 were relatively flat compared to 2013. gross margins reflect favorable product mix, lower inventory charges, entirely offset by costs to address the fda warning letter and higher infrastructure expenses and wage increases. gross margins increased 1 percentage point in 2013 compared to 2012. the increase in gross margins was mainly due to the impact of the dako acquisition, along with favorable volume and lower infrastructure expenses partially offset by unfavorable product mix.
research and development expenses increased 7 percent in 2014 compared to 2013 due to greater investments in software and next generation products, higher infrastructure expenses, wage increases and higher variable pay. research and development expenses increased 17 percent in 2013 compared to 2012. the increase was primarily due to the impact of the dako acquisition.
selling, general and administrative expenses increased 3 percent in 2014 compared to 2013 due to higher commissions, higher infrastructure expenses partially offset by workforce reductions. selling, general and administrative expenses increased 14 percent in 2013 compared to 2012. the increase was primarily due to the impact of the dako acquisition.
operating margins decreased 1 percentage point in 2014 compared to 2013 on higher revenue offset by increased operating expenses. our nmr business, which we made a decision to exit at the end of the fiscal year, had an unfavorable impact of approximately 2 percentage points on operating margin for fiscal year 2014.  operating margins increased by 2 percentage points in 2013 compared to 2012. the increases were mainly due to the impact of the dako acquisition and favorable gross profit from higher revenue.
income from operations income from operations in 2014 decreased by $1 million on a revenue increase of $72 million. income from operations in 2013 increased by $82 million or 28 percent on a revenue increase of $316 million, a 26 percent year-over-year operating margin incremental. operating margin incremental is measured by the increase in income from operations compared to the prior period divided by the increase in revenue compared to the prior period.
44
chemical analysis our chemical analysis business provides application-focused solutions that include instruments, software, consumables, and services that enable customers to identify, quantify and analyze the physical and biological properties of substances and products. key product categories in chemical analysis include: gas chromatography (gc) systems, columns and components; gas chromatography mass spectrometry (gc-ms) systems; inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry (icp-ms) instruments; atomic absorption (aa) instruments; inductively coupled plasma optical emission spectrometry (icp-oes) instruments; molecular spectroscopy instruments; software and data systems; vacuum pumps and measurement technologies; services and support for our products.
orders and net revenue years ended october 31,   2014 over 2013   2013 over 2012
change           change
2014                                                   2013                  2012
(in millions)
orders                                   $1,747                $1,642                $1,604                    6%               2%
net revenue from products                $1,292                $1,232                $1,219                    5%               1%
net revenue from services and other         384        362                   340                               6%               6%
total net revenue                        $1,676                $1,594                $1,559                    5%               2%
chemical analysis orders in 2014 increased 6 percent when compared to 2013. foreign currency movements for 2014 had an unfavorable impact of 1 percentage point compared to 2013. order results showed positive performance in high-end gas chromatographs, spectroscopy instruments, services and consumables. strength in these areas was offset by declines in mid-range, micro gas chromatographs and vacuum products. geographically, orders grew 6 percent in the americas, increased 9 percent in europe, declined 1 percent in japan (includes unfavorable currency impact of 11 percentage points), and grew 6 percent in asia pacific excluding japan during 2014 when compared to 2013. in the americas the performance was primarily due to the improved demand from government as well as private sector in the second half of the year. total asia pacific orders reflected continued weakness in japan orders offset by continued growth in both china and india. chemical analysis orders in 2013 increased 2 percent compared to 2012; orders were led by positive growth in services, consumables, and icp-ms instruments which was partially offset by declines in gc-ms systems and flat orders in vacuum pump products.
chemical analysis revenue in 2014 increased 5 percent compared to 2013. foreign currency movements for 2014 had an unfavorable impact of 1 percentage point compared to 2013. revenue growth was led by strength in high-end gc's and aa-oes instruments; this was partially offset by weakness in micro/ mid-range gc's and vacuum products. geographically, revenue grew 4 percent in the americas, grew 10 percent in europe, grew 1 percent in japan (including a 12 percentage point unfavorable currency impact), and grew 3 percent in asia pacific excluding japan over 2013. chemical analysis revenue grew 2 percent in 2013 compared to 2012. revenue growth was led by services and consumables. in the instruments, gc and gc-ms weaknesses were offset by strength in icp-ms and aa-oes.
chemical analysis saw positive growth in all the key end markets. growth was led by food testing where the demand to export safe and high quality food in emerging markets remains strong, and improved government funding in the americas and europe continue to drive strength for demand of spectroscopes and high-end gas chromatograph instruments. government spend in the developed countries has improved in the second half of the year, and is driving the growth in forensics and environmental markets. chemical and energy end markets saw low single digit growth in 2014 compared to 2013, driven primarily by softness in the industrial markets. in forensics, the spread of designer drugs continues to drive the need for high-sensitivity testing which is positively impacting the growth of gc-ms systems, particularly in us and japan. environmental and food testing demand grew due to an increased regulatory environment in china and other developing economies.
while the economic environment still remains uncertain, the second half results of 2014 reflect a positive outlook for the chemical analysis core end markets. we will continue to invest in research and development, and seek to expand our position in developing countries and emerging markets. new instrument launches over the next twelve months, as well as continued market acceptance of our new products released in 2014 (new 5100 icpoes, 7010 gcms and 7200 gc q-tof), should help with our product differentiation and competitive position.
45
gross margin and operating margin the following table shows the chemical analysis business's margins, expenses and income from operations for 2014 versus 2013, and 2013 versus 2012.
years ended october 31,   2014 over 2013   2013 over 2012
change           change
2014                                     2013           2012
total gross margin   52.6   %       51.7    %      51.4    %            1 ppt                -
operating margin     23.1   %       22.3    %      21.7    %            1 ppt            1 ppt
(in millions)
research and development                 $102       $94       $93   8%   2%
selling, general and administrative      $393      $374      $371   5%   1%
income from operations                   $387      $355      $338   9%   5%
gross margins increased in 2014 almost 1 percentage point compared to 2013; unfavorable foreign currency movements, higher product discounts, and wage increases were more than offset by favorable manufacturing overhead costs and favorable revenue volume. gross margins in 2013 were flat compared to 2012. higher product discounts and unfavorable foreign currency movements were offset by favorable manufacturing overhead costs and favorable revenue volume.
research and development expenses increased 8 percent in 2014 when compared to 2013; however remained flat as a percentage of revenue, as we continue to make investments in product r&d. research and development expenses increased 2 percent in 2013 compared to 2012 driven by our continued investment in instrument products.
selling, general and administrative expenses increased 5 percent in 2014 compared to 2013. the increase was mainly due to higher infrastructure expenses, wage increases, and higher commissions partially offset by favorable currency impact. selling, general and administrative expenses increased 1 percent in 2013 compared to 2012, mainly due to higher infrastructure expenses and commissions partially offset by reduced discretionary expenses including marketing programs and travel.
operating margins increased by 1 percentage point in 2014 compared to 2013. the increase was due to higher revenue and improved gross margins. operating margins increased by 1 percentage point in 2013 compared to 2012.
income from operations income from operations in 2014 increased by $32 million or 9 percent compared to 2013 on a revenue increase of $82 million, a 39 percent year-over-year operating margin incremental. income from operations in 2013 increased by $17 million or 5 percent compared to 2012 on a revenue increase of $35 million, a 49 percent year-over-year operating margin incremental.
electronic measurement our electronic measurement business provides electronic measurement instruments and systems, software design tools and related services that are used in the design, development, manufacture, installation, deployment and operation of electronics equipment, and microscopy products. related services include start-up assistance, instrument productivity and application services and instrument calibration and repair. we also offer customization, consulting and optimization services throughout the customer's product lifecycle.
orders and net revenue years ended october 31,   2014 over 2013   2013 over 2012
change           change
2014                                                   2013                  2012
(in millions)
orders                                   $2,963                $2,866                $3,280                    3%            (13)%
net revenue from products                $2,480                $2,434                $2,862                    2%            (15)%
net revenue from services and other         453        454                   453                                -                -
total net revenue                        $2,933                $2,888                $3,315                    2%            (13)%
46
electronic measurement orders increased 3 percent in 2014 compared to 2013. foreign currency movements had an unfavorable impact of 1 percentage point on the year-over-year compare. orders increased in all market segments in 2014 compared to 2013 including aerospace and defense; industrial, computer, and semiconductor test; and communications test. on a geographic basis, orders grew 11 percent in asia pacific excluding japan, 6 percent in europe and 3 percent in the americas compared to 2013. japan orders declined 16 percent year-over-year, declining 9 percent year-over-year in local currency compared to 2013. asia pacific excluding japan increased in all market segments. the increase in the americas was driven by strong aerospace and defense orders. electronic measurement orders declined 13 percent in 2013 compared to 2012. orders were lower for all market segments, including aerospace and defense; industrial, computer, and semiconductor test; and communications test.
electronic measurement revenues increased 2 percent in 2014 compared to 2013 with modest growth in industrial, computer and semiconductor test, and communication test partially offset by decline in the aerospace and defense revenue. foreign currency movements had an unfavorable impact of 1 percentage point on the year-over-year compare. revenue from asia pacific excluding japan grew 8 percent driven by growth in communication test and industrials, computer and semiconductor test. europe revenue increased 5 percent year-over-year from growth in communications test. americas declined 3 percent year-over-year with lower aerospace and defense and communications test. japan declined 9 percent year-over-year, with declines in all market segments. revenue from products increased 2 percent in 2014 compared to 2013 while service related revenue was flat. growth in calibration services and remarketing sales of used equipment were partially offset by declines in the equipment repair business due to the move from a one to three year product warranty. electronic measurement revenue declined 13 percent in 2013 compared to 2012 primarily on lower wireless manufacturing and industrial, computer and semiconductor test demand.
general purpose test revenue, representing approximately 66 percent of electronic measurement business, increased year-over-year. growth in industrial, computer, and semiconductor test demand was partially offset by declines in the aerospace and defense business. aerospace and defense business, while down for the full fiscal year, had positive growth in the last two fiscal quarters. the computer and semiconductor increase was driven by investment in capacity growth and the overall strength in the semiconductor market. the industrial test business grew for the year with particular strength in the last fiscal quarter driven by growth in the americas and asia pacific excluding japan. in 2013, general purpose test revenue, representing approximately 66 percent of electronic measurement business, declined year-over-year on weak industrial, computer, and semiconductor test demand.
communications test revenue, representing approximately 34 percent of total electronic measurement, increased year over year with increases in wireless manufacturing and broadband communications business partially offset by modest declines in wireless r&d. wireless manufacturing growth continues to be driven by 4g base station investments, mainly for china. broadband showed solid growth impacted by demand for datacom bandwidth. wireless r&d continues to be affected by cautious customer spending driven by consolidation and restructuring activities throughout the industry, across device, network equipment, chipset and component manufacturers. in 2013, communications test represented approximately 34 percent of total electronic measurement revenue. revenue declined year-over-year due to significantly lower wireless manufacturing demand and modest declines in wireless r&d.
gross margin and operating margin the following table shows the electronic measurement business's margins, expenses and income from operations for 2014 versus 2013 and 2013 versus 2012.
years ended october 31,   2014 over 2013   2013 over 2012
change           change
2014                                     2013           2012
total gross margin   55.7   %       56.9    %      56.9    %          (1) ppt                -
operating margin     19.1   %       18.9    %      22.7    %                -         (4) ppts
(in millions)
research and development                 $358      $365      $375   (2)%    (3)%
selling, general and administrative      $717      $733      $761   (2)%    (4)%
income from operations                   $559      $544      $751     3%   (28)%
gross margins declined 1 percentage point in 2014 compared to 2013 on slightly higher revenue. higher inventory charges and an increase in three year warranty costs were the primary reasons for the lower gross margins. gross margins were flat in 2013 compared to 2012 on lower revenue. a decline in variable and incentive pay and reduced infrastructure spending were offset by higher inventory charges and wage increases.
47
research and development expenses declined 2 percent in 2014 compared to 2013. reductions were the result of lower infrastructure costs. research and development expenses declined 3 percent in 2013 compared to 2012. reductions in development spending, variable and incentive pay, and infrastructure related expenses, and the favorable impact of currency movements were partially offset by investments in acquisitions and wage increases.
selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 2 percent in 2014 compared to 2013. reductions in infrastructure costs and the favorable impact of currency movements were partially offset by increases in marketing communications and travel. selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 4 percent in 2013 compared to 2012. reductions in discretionary spending, lower variable and incentive pay, and the favorable impact of currency movements were partially offset by wage increases.
operating margins were flat in 2014 compared to 2013 with revenue growth offset by lower gross margins. operating margins declined by 4 percentage points in 2013 compared to 2012 on lower revenue partially offset by reduced operating expenses.
income from operations income from operations in 2014 increased by $15 million or 3 percent compared to 2013 on a revenue increase of $45 million, a 33 percent year-over-year operating margin incremental, reflecting the impact of higher revenue and expense reductions. income from operations in 2013 decreased by $207 million or 28 percent compared to 2012 on a revenue decrease of $427 million, a 48 percent year-over-year operating margin decrement, reflecting the net impact of lower revenue partially offset by expense reductions.
financial condition liquidity and capital resources our financial position as of october 31, 2014 consisted of cash and cash equivalents of $3,028 million as compared to $2,675 million as of october 31, 2013.
as of october 31, 2014, approximately $2,397 million of our cash and cash equivalents is held outside of the u.s. in our foreign subsidiaries. most of the amounts held outside of the u.s. could be repatriated to the u.s. but, under current law, would be subject to u.s. federal and state income taxes, less applicable foreign tax credits. agilent has accrued for u.s. federal and state tax liabilities on the earnings of its foreign subsidiaries except when the earnings are considered indefinitely reinvested outside of the u.s. repatriation could result in additional material u.s. federal and state income tax payments in future years. we utilize a variety of funding strategies in an effort to ensure that our worldwide cash is available in the locations in which it is needed.
on november 1, 2014, we completed the distribution of 100% of the outstanding common shares of keysight to agilent stockholders who received one share of keysight common stock for every two shares of agilent held as of the close of business on the record date, october 22, 2014. the separation agreement provided that prior to the distribution, keysight made a cash distribution to agilent in an amount equal to $900 million. the distribution of such cash to agilent was intended to be a return of capital to agilent that ensures that keysight had approximately $700 million of total cash immediately following distribution.
on june 21, 2012, we completed the acquisition of dako a/s through the acquisition of 100% of the share capital of dako a/s, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of denmark ("dako"), under the share purchase agreement, dated may 16, 2012. as a result of the acquisition, dako has become a wholly-owned subsidiary of agilent. the consideration paid was approximately $2,143 million, $1,400 million was paid directly to the seller and $743 million was paid to satisfy the outstanding debt of dako. agilent funded the acquisition using existing cash. the acquisition has been accounted for in accordance with the authoritative accounting guidance and the results of dako are included in agilent's consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition.
we believe our cash and cash equivalents, cash generated from operations, and ability to access capital markets and credit lines will satisfy, for at least the next twelve months, our liquidity requirements, both globally and domestically, including the following: working capital needs, capital expenditures, business acquisitions, stock repurchases, cash dividends, contractual obligations, commitments, principal and interest payments on debt, and other liquidity requirements associated with our operations.
net cash provided by operating activities net cash provided by operating activities was $711 million in 2014 as compared to $1,152 million provided in 2013 and $1,228 million provided in 2012. we paid approximately net taxes of $131 million in 2014, as compared to net $110 million in taxes in 2013 and net $86 million in 2012. operating cash flows in 2014 were impacted by pre-separation costs and separation
48
related taxes, the redemption of senior notes including payments related to accrued interest and the timing of the purchase of shares under the employee stock purchase plan.
in 2014, the change in accounts receivable used cash of $119 million, provided cash of $14 million in 2013 and provided cash of $19 million in 2012. days' sales outstanding were 49 days in 2014, 47 days in 2013 and 47 days in 2012. the change in accounts payable provided cash of $50 million in 2014, used cash of $27 million in 2013 and used cash of $31 million in 2012. cash used in inventory was $99 million in 2014, $100 million in 2013 and $52 million in 2012. inventory days on-hand decreased to 106 days in 2014 compared to 118 days in 2013 and 108 days in 2012.
we contributed $30 million to our u.s. defined benefit plans in each of 2014, 2013 and 2012. we contributed $68 million, $89 million and $54 million to our non-u.s. defined benefit plans in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. we contributed $1 million to our u.s. post-retirement benefit plans in 2014 and 2013, we did not contribute to our u.s. post-retirement benefit plans in 2012. our non-u.s. defined benefit plans are generally funded ratably throughout the year. total contributions in 2014 were $103 million or 14 percent less than 2013. total contributions in 2013 were $120 million or 43 percent more than 2012. our annual contributions are highly dependent on the relative performance of our assets versus our projected liabilities, among other factors. we expect to contribute approximately $41 million to our u.s. and non-u.s. defined benefit plans and zero to our u.s. post-retirement benefit plans during 2015.
net cash provided by/used in investing activities net cash used in investing activities in 2014 was $230 million and in 2013 was $248 million as compared to net cash used of $2,366 million in 2012 primarily due to the acquisition of dako.
investments in property, plant and equipment were $205 million in 2014, $195 million in 2013 and $194 million in 2012. proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment were $14 million in 2014, $2 million in 2013 and zero in 2012. in 2014 we invested $13 million in acquisitions of businesses compared to $21 million in 2013 in acquisitions of businesses and intangible assets compared to $2,257 million in 2012. in 2014, there were $25 million of purchases of equity method investments including a $3.5 million loan converted to equity compared with $46 million of purchases of investments including $21 million for equity method investments in 2013. proceeds from the sale of investment securities in 2014 were $1 million, $12 million in 2013 and $5 million in 2012.
on april 30, 2014, agilent entered into a binding sales contract with real estate developers to sell land in the u.k. the contract calls for proportionate transfers and payments of three separate land tracts totaling approximately $34 million in may 2014, november 2015 and november 2016. under the authoritative accounting guidance the full accrual method will be used to account for these transactions and gains on the sales recognized at each sale and payment date. in the year ended october 31, 2014 we recognized $11 million gain on sale of land in respect of the first of three land tracts in selling, general and administrative expenses. the property transfers to keysight at distribution and the two remaining future payments in november 2015 and november 2016 from the developers will become due to and collected by keysight.
net cash provided by/used in financing activities net cash used in financing activities in 2014 was $97 million compared to $554 million in 2013 and $37 million in 2012, respectively.
treasury stock repurchases on january 16, 2013, our board of directors approved a share-repurchase program (the "2013 repurchase program"). the 2013 repurchase program authorized the use of up to $500 million to repurchase shares of the company's common stock in open market transactions. on may 14, 2013, we announced that our board of directors authorized an increase of $500 million to the 2013 repurchase program bringing the cumulative authorization to $1 billion. as of october 31, 2014, there were no remaining amounts to be repurchased under the 2013 program.
on november 22, 2013 we announced that our board of directors had authorized a new share repurchase program effective upon the conclusion of the company's $1 billion repurchase program. the new program is designed to reduce or eliminate dilution resulting from issuance of stock under the company's employee equity incentive programs to target maintaining a weighted average share count of approximately 335 million diluted shares.
49
for the year ended october 31, 2014, we repurchased 4 million shares for $200 million. for the year ended october 31, 2013, we repurchased 20 million shares for $900 million. for the year ended october 31, 2012, we repurchased 5 million shares for $172 million. all such shares and related costs are held as treasury stock and accounted for using the cost method.
dividends during the year ended october 31, 2014, cash dividends of $0.528 per share, or $176 million were declared and paid on the company's outstanding common stock. during the year ended october 31, 2013, cash dividends of $0.46 per share, or $156 million were declared and paid on the company's outstanding common stock. during the year ended october 31, 2012, cash dividends of $0.30 per share, or $104 million were declared and paid on the company's outstanding common stock. on november 20, 2014, we declared a quarterly dividend of $0.10 per share of common stock, or approximately $34 million which will be paid on january 28, 2015 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on january 6, 2015. the timing and amounts of any future dividends are subject to determination and approval by our board of directors.
credit facility on september 15, 2014, agilent entered into a credit agreement with a financial institution which provides for a $400 million five-year unsecured credit facility (the "agilent facility") that will expire on september 15, 2019.  the agilent facility replaced the previous credit facility ("old credit facility") and provides for amounts to be borrowed for general corporate purposes. for the year ended october 31, 2014, we borrowed $50 million under the old credit facility and repaid $50 million by october 31, 2014. as of october 31, 2014 the company has no borrowings outstanding under the agilent facility. we were in compliance with the covenants for the credit facilities during the year ended october 31, 2014.
on september 15, 2014, keysight, a wholly owned subsidiary of agilent, entered into a credit agreement with a financial institution which provides for a $300 million five-year unsecured credit facility (the "keysight facility") that will expire on november 1, 2019 and provides for amounts to be borrowed for general corporate purposes. the credit agreement was initially guaranteed by agilent. the guarantee terminated upon the completion of the separation of keysight from agilent on november 1, 2014. as of october 31, 2014 the company has no borrowings outstanding under the keysight facility. we were in compliance with the covenants for the credit facility during the year ended october 31, 2014.
as a result of the dako acquisition, we have a credit facility in danish krone equivalent of $9 million with a danish financial institution. as of october 31, 2014 the company had no borrowings outstanding under the facility.
short-term loan on july 10, 2014, a wholly owned subsidiary of agilent in india entered into a short-term loan agreement with a financial institution, which provides up to $50 million of unsecured borrowings. on july 25, 2014, we borrowed $35 million against the loan agreement at an interest rate of 9.95 percent per annum. the loan was repaid during the year and as of october 31, 2014, no balance was outstanding against this credit facility.
long-term debt on july 14, 2014, we settled the redemption of the outstanding aggregate principal amount of our 5.5% senior notes ("2015 senior notes") due september 14, 2015, that had been called for redemption on june 12, 2014. the redemption price of approximately $528 million included the $500 million principal amount and a $28 million prepayment penalty. the prepayment penalty less full amortization of previously deferred interest rate swap gain of approximately $8 million together with $1 million of amortization of debt issuance costs and discount was disclosed in other income (expense), net in the condensed consolidated statement of operations. the amortization of the interest rate swap gain has been recognized as an adjustment to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities in the condensed consolidated statement of cash flows. we also paid accrued and unpaid interest of $9 million on the 2015 senior notes up to but not including the redemption date.
in october 2007, the company issued an aggregate principal amount of $600 million in senior notes ("2017 senior notes"). the 2017 senior notes were issued at 99.60% of their principal amount. the notes will mature on november 1, 2017, and bear interest at a fixed rate of 6.50% per annum. the interest is payable semi-annually on may 1st and november 1st of each year and payments commenced on may 1, 2008.
on november 25, 2008, we terminated two interest rate swap contracts associated with our 2017 senior notes that represented the notional amount of $400 million. the asset value, including interest receivable, upon termination was approximately $43
50
million and the amount to be amortized at october 31, 2014 was $3 million. the gain is being deferred and amortized to interest expense over the remaining life of the 2017 senior notes.
on october 20, 2014, we settled the redemption of $500 million of the $600 million outstanding aggregate principal amount of our 6.5% senior notes ("2017 senior notes") due november 1, 2017 that had been called for redemption on september 19, 2014. the redemption price of approximately $580 million included a $80 million prepayment penalty computed in accordance with the terms of the 2017 senior notes as the present value of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and unpaid interest related to $500 million partial redemption. the prepayment penalty less partial amortization of previously deferred interest rate swap gain of approximately $14 million together with $2 million of amortization of debt issuance costs and discount was disclosed in other income (expense), net in the condensed consolidated statement of operations. we also paid accrued and unpaid interest of $15 million on the 2017 senior notes up to but not including the redemption date.
in july 2010, the company issued an aggregate principal amount of $500 million in senior notes ("2020 senior notes"). the 2020 senior notes were issued at 99.54% of their principal amount. the notes will mature on july 15, 2020, and bear interest at a fixed rate of 5.00% per annum. the interest is payable semi-annually on january 15th and july 15th of each year, payments commenced on january 15, 2011.
on august 9, 2011, we terminated our interest rate swap contracts related to our 2020 senior notes that represented the notional amount of $500 million. the asset value, including interest receivable, upon termination for these contracts was approximately $34 million and the amount to be amortized at october 31, 2014 was $22 million. the gain is being deferred and amortized to interest expense over the remaining life of the 2020 senior notes.
in september 2012, the company issued an aggregate principal amount of $400 million in senior notes ("2022 senior notes"). the senior notes were issued at 99.80% of their principal amount. the notes will mature on october 1, 2022, and bear interest at a fixed rate of 3.20% per annum. the interest is payable semi-annually on april 1st and october 1st of each year, payments commenced on april 1, 2013.
in june 2013, the company issued aggregate principal amount of $600 million in senior notes ("2023 senior notes"). the 2023 senior notes were issued at 99.544% of their principal amount. the notes will mature on july 15, 2023 and bear interest at a fixed rate of 3.875% per annum. interest is payable semi-annually on january 15th and july 15th of each year and payments commenced january 15, 2014.
on october 6, 2014 keysight announced that it had agreed to sell $500 million of 3.30% senior notes due 2019 ("2019 senior notes") and $600 million of 4.55% senior notes due 2024 ("2024 senior notes"). the transaction closed on october 15, 2014. each series of notes initially were guaranteed on an unsecured, unsubordinated basis by agilent. the guarantees terminated upon the completion of the separation of keysight from agilent on november 1, 2014.
as of october 31, 2014, and as a result of the dako acquisition, we have mortgage debts, secured on buildings in denmark, in danish krone equivalent of $42 million aggregate principal outstanding with a danish financial institution. the loans have a variable interest rate based on 3 months copenhagen interbank rate ("cibor") and will mature on september 30, 2027. interest payments are made in march, june, september and december of each year.
off balance sheet arrangements and other we have contractual commitments for non-cancelable operating leases. see note 17 "commitments and contingencies", to our consolidated financial statements for further information on our non-cancelable operating leases.
our liquidity is affected by many factors, some of which are based on normal ongoing operations of our business and some of which arise from fluctuations related to global economics and markets. our cash balances are generated and held in many locations throughout the world. local government regulations may restrict our ability to move cash balances to meet cash needs under certain circumstances. we do not currently expect such regulations and restrictions to impact our ability to pay vendors and conduct operations throughout our global organization.
contractual commitments our cash flows from operations are dependent on a number of factors, including fluctuations in our operating results, accounts receivable collections, inventory management, and the timing of tax and other payments. as a result, the impact of contractual obligations on our liquidity and capital resources in future periods should be analyzed in conjunction with such factors.
51
the following table summarizes our total contractual obligations at october 31, 2014 for agilent operations and excludes amounts recorded in our consolidated balance sheet (in millions):
less than oneyear      one to three years         three to five years        more than five years operating leases                                                $57              $81                        $35                        $33
commitments to contract manufacturers and suppliers             782           8                             -                          -
other purchase commitments                                      127              -                          -                          -
retirement plans                                                 87              -                          -                          -
total                                                        $1,053              $89                        $35                        $33
we expect that with the separation of keysight from agilent on november 1, 2014 that operating lease payments will be reduced by approximately $52 million in total for the periods presented. we also expect the transfer of approximately one quarter of the commitments to contract manufacturers and suppliers and other purchase commitments to keysight at separation. in addition, our commitments under the retirement plans are expected to reduce by approximately $46 million with separation of keysight. we do not expect a material adverse change in the effect these arrangements and obligations will have on our liquidity.
operating leases.    commitments under operating leases relate primarily to leasehold property, see note 17, "commitments and contingencies".
commitments to contract manufacturers and suppliers.    we purchase components from a variety of suppliers and use several contract manufacturers to provide manufacturing services for our products. during the normal course of business, we issue purchase orders with estimates of our requirements several months ahead of the delivery dates. however, our agreements with these suppliers usually provide us the option to cancel, reschedule, and adjust our requirements based on our business needs prior to firm orders being placed. typically purchase orders outstanding with delivery dates within 30 days are non-cancelable. therefore, only approximately 53 percent of our reported purchase commitments arising from these agreements are firm, non-cancelable, and unconditional commitments. we expect to fulfill most of our purchase commitments for inventory within one year.
in addition to the above mentioned commitments to contract manufacturers and suppliers, we record a liability for firm, non-cancelable and unconditional purchase commitments for quantities in excess of our future demand forecasts consistent with our policy relating to excess inventory. as of october 31, 2014, the liability for our firm, non-cancelable and unconditional purchase commitments was $15 million, compared to $5 million as of october 31, 2013 and 2012. these amounts are included in other accrued liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet. the increase when compared to the previous year was largely due to the previous commitment undertaken with suppliers to the nmr business which we are exiting.
other purchase commitments.    we have categorized "other purchase commitments" related to contracts with professional services suppliers. typically we can cancel these contracts within 90 days without penalties. for those contracts that are not cancelable within 90 days without penalties, we are disclosing the amounts we are obligated to pay to a supplier under each contract in that period before such contract can be cancelled. our contractual obligations with these suppliers under "other purchase commitments" were approximately $127 million within the next year. the increase in other purchase commitments compared with a year ago is partially due to additional contracts associated with our pre-separation costs and the duplication of a number of contracts related to the separation activities of keysight.
retirement plans.    commitments under the retirement plans relate to expected contributions to be made to our u.s. and non-u.s. defined benefit plans and to our post-retirement medical plans for the next year only. contributions after next year are impractical to estimate.
we had no material off-balance sheet arrangements as of october 31, 2014 or october 31, 2013.
52
on balance sheet arrangements the following table summarizes our total contractual obligations at october 31, 2014 related to our long-term debt and interest expense (in millions):
less than oneyear           one to three years                  three to five years           more than five years senior notes       $-                          $-                                        $600                         $2,100
other debt         -                           -                                            -                             42
interest expense   114                     227                            210                                            298
total              $114                        $227                                      $810                         $2,440
in connection with the separation of keysight from agilent on november 1, 2014, our obligations for long-term debt are expected to decrease by $1,100 million and interest payments are expected to decrease by approximately $359 million.
other long-term liabilities include $289 million and $341 million of liabilities for uncertain tax positions as of october 31, 2014 and october 31, 2013, respectively. we are unable to accurately predict when these amounts will be realized or released. however, it is reasonably possible that there could be significant changes to our unrecognized tax benefits in the next twelve months due to either the expiration of a statute of limitations or a tax audit settlement.
53
