item 7—management’s   discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations

the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report.
forward-looking statements this annual report on form 10-k, including the documents incorporated by reference, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended, and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended. we intend these forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 and are including this statement for purposes of complying with those safe harbor provisions. such statements are contained principally, but not only, under the captions “business—business and growth strategies,” “risk factors” and “management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.” we caution investors that any such forward-looking statements are based on beliefs and on assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our management. when used, the words “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “might,” “plan,” “project,” “result,” “should,” “will” and similar expressions which do not relate solely to historical matters are intended to identify forward-looking statements. such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions and are not guarantees of future performance, which may be affected by known and unknown risks, trends, uncertainties and factors that are beyond our control. should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those anticipated, estimated or projected by the forward-looking statements. we caution you that, while forward-looking statements reflect our good faith beliefs when we make them, they are not guarantees of future performance and are impacted by actual events when they occur after we make such statements. accordingly, investors should use caution in relying on forward-looking statements, which are based on results and trends at the time they are made, to anticipate future results or trends.
some of the risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements include, among others, the following:
•   the continuing impacts of the relatively weak economic recovery, relatively high unemployment and other macroeconomic trends, which are having and may continue to have a negative effect on the following, among other things:

•   the fundamentals of our business, including overall market occupancy, tenant space utilization, and rental rates;

•           the financial condition of our tenants, many of which are financial, legal and other professional firms, our lenders, counterparties to our derivative financial instruments and institutions that hold our cash balances and short-term investments, which may expose us to increased risks of default by these parties; and

•   the value of our real estate assets, which may limit our ability to dispose of assets at attractive prices or obtain or maintain debt financing secured by our properties or on an unsecured basis;

•   general risks affecting the real estate industry (including, without limitation, the inability to enter into or renew leases, tenant space utilization, dependence on tenants’ financial condition, and competition from other developers, owners and operators of real estate);

•   failure to manage effectively our growth and expansion into new markets and sub-markets or to integrate acquisitions and developments successfully;

•   the ability of our joint venture partners to satisfy their obligations;

48
•                              risks and uncertainties affecting property development and construction (including, without limitation, construction delays, cost overruns, inability to obtain necessary permits, tenant accounting considerations that may result in negotiated lease provisions that limit a tenant’s liability during construction and public opposition to such activities);

•   risks associated with the availability and terms of financing and the use of debt to fund acquisitions and developments, including the impact of higher interest rates on the cost and/or availability of financing;

•   risks associated with forward interest rate contracts and the effectiveness of such arrangements;

•   risks associated with downturns in the national and local economies, increases in interest rates, and volatility in the securities markets;

•   risks associated with actual or threatened terrorist attacks;

•   costs of compliance with the americans with disabilities act and other similar laws;

•   potential liability for uninsured losses and environmental contamination;

•   risks associated with our potential failure to qualify as a reit under the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended;

•   possible adverse changes in tax and environmental laws;

•   the impact of newly adopted accounting principles on our accounting policies and on period-to-period comparisons of financial results;

•   risks associated with possible state and local tax audits; and

•   risks associated with our dependence on key personnel whose continued service is not guaranteed.

the risks set forth above are not exhaustive. other sections of this report, including “part i, item 1a—risk factors,” include additional factors that could adversely affect our business and financial performance. moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. new risk factors emerge from time to time and it is not possible for management to predict all risk factors, nor can we assess the impact of all risk factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. given these risks and uncertainties, investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. investors should also refer to our quarterly reports on form 10-q for future periods and current reports on form 8-k as we file them with the sec, and to other materials we may furnish to the public from time to time through current reports on form 8-k or otherwise, for a discussion of risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements. we expressly disclaim any responsibility to update any forward-looking statements to reflect changes in underlying assumptions or factors, new information, future events, or otherwise, and you should not rely upon these forward-looking statements after the date of this report.
overview we are a fully integrated self-administered and self-managed reit and one of the largest owners and developers of class a office properties in the united states. our properties are concentrated in four markets—boston, new york, san francisco and washington, dc. we generate revenue and cash primarily by leasing class a office space to our tenants. factors we consider when we lease space include the creditworthiness of the tenant, the length of the lease, the rental rate to be paid at inception and throughout the lease term, the costs of tenant improvements and other landlord concessions, current and anticipated operating costs and real estate taxes, our current and anticipated vacancy, current and anticipated future demand for office space and general economic factors. from time to time, we also generate cash through the sale of assets.
our core strategy has always been to own, operate and develop properties in supply-constrained markets with high barriers-to-entry and to focus on executing long-term leases with financially strong tenants.
49
historically, this combination has tended to reduce our exposure in down cycles and enhance revenues as market conditions improve. to be successful in the current leasing environment, we believe all aspects of the tenant-landlord relationship must be considered. in this regard, we believe that our understanding of tenants’ short- and long-term space utilization and amenity needs in the local markets in which we operate, our relationships with local brokers, our reputation as a premier developer, owner and operator of class a office properties, our financial strength and our ability to maintain high building standards provide us with a competitive advantage.
our portfolio is concentrated in markets and submarkets which include traditional tenants, such as government, financial services and law firms, as well as businesses that are oriented on new ideas, such as technology, advertising, media and information distribution (often referred to as “tami”), mobility, life sciences and medical devices. we continue to benefit from this as these segments of the economy are expanding and leasing additional office space. this is particularly true in the san francisco central business district (“cbd”), silicon valley, cambridge, massachusetts and suburban boston submarkets where we are seeing increasing levels of leasing activity. however, there continue to be headwinds against more rapid improvements in the overall office business. the strongest force is densification, which occurs as businesses seek to cater to more collaborative work environments and fit people more efficiently into less space. while demand from traditional office tenants in the legal and large financial services sectors is not expanding, we see signs that we may be nearing the end of those industries’ space reductions stemming from densification and downsizing, and small financial firms are expanding and absorbing high-quality space. in addition, markets such as washington, dc and, to a lesser extent, midtown manhattan, which are more reliant on traditional tenants, are experiencing relatively lower levels of activity and growth. we are also seeing new construction in our markets accommodating both growing tenant sectors and traditional tenants seeking more efficient space utilization. this may result in an increase in supply and create challenges for us to increase our occupancy and the rents we can realize. we continue to proactively manage our near- and medium-term lease expirations. as our tenants adjust their space needs, we have extended and expect to continue to extend the leases of quality tenants on a long-term basis, invest in tenant improvements to improve space utilization and take back portions of their space to re-lease to other tenants at current rates. in some cases, this may result in an increase in vacancy and foregone revenue in the short-term, but better position us for more stable long-term revenues. despite these challenges, we remain optimistic about the long-term operating fundamentals in all of our markets.
leasing activity in our portfolio remains strong. during 2014, we signed the highest annual volume of leases in our history encompassing approximately 7.7 million square feet of leases covering vacant space, pre-leasing for our development projects and extensions and expansions. leasing highlights included an approximately 714,000 square foot lease with salesforce.com at our approximately 1.4 million square foot development project located in san francisco, california and approximately 1.4 million square feet of early renewals with six law firms. the overall percentage of leased space for the 155 properties in-service (excluding the three in-service residential properties and the hotel) as of december 31, 2014 was 91.7% compared to 93.4% at december 31, 2013. the decrease of 1.7% is primarily due to (1) temporary vacancy at 101 huntington avenue in boston, massachusetts, which was 32.6% leased at december 31, 2014 but approximately 93.6% committed including an approximately 308,000 square foot tenant that is expected to take occupancy in the second quarter of 2015, and (2) the placing in-service of 250 west 55th street, our approximately 988,000 square foot office building in new york city, which was approximately 55.1% leased at december 31, 2014 but is currently 79% leased, including leases with future commencement dates.
in the new york region, during the year, we completed approximately 1.8 million square feet of leasing in 84 lease transactions, including approximately 1.1 million square feet of early renewals with four law firms at 767 fifth avenue (the general motors building), 601 lexington avenue and 599 lexington avenue for lease terms ranging from 12 to 20 years. in addition, we fully placed in-service our 250 west 55th street development project and ceased interest capitalization on september 1, 2014. we have limited rollover exposure through the end of 2015 of approximately 3.0%. we continue to actively manage our near-term lease expirations and, if we have attractive replacement tenants, we may allow an existing tenant to terminate its lease early so that we may elongate our leasing profile. however, this could result in temporary vacancy and a reduction in cash flows as space is reconfigured.
50
in our washington, dc region, the overall leasing activity continues to be slow and public sector and defense contractor demand has been adversely impacted by continued federal budgetary uncertainty, sequestration and the reductions in discretionary spending programs. although the leasing market is competitive, we are making good progress with activity on our future exposure. our near-term exposure in the washington, dc cbd is limited due to our strong office occupancy rate of 95.9%. we are actively engaging our law firm tenants with future lease expirations. we have renewed one law firm tenant for approximately 250,000 square feet and are in discussions with a second for approximately 212,000 square feet, to provide new space configurations in exchange for extended lease terms at market rents. in addition, our suburban washington, dc assets are 94.1% leased at december 31, 2014, with moderate rollover/exposure through the end of 2015 of approximately 9.2%.
in the boston region, the expansion of the life sciences and technology industry is positively impacting each of the submarkets in which we operate. our assets in the boston cbd are 91.3% leased, with approximately 308,000 square feet at 101 huntington avenue leased to a tenant that is expected to take occupancy in the second quarter of 2015. through the end of 2015, leases for approximately 605,000 square feet are scheduled to expire, including two large blocks totaling approximately 445,000 square feet in the john hancock tower. this space includes (1) approximately 168,000 square feet at the base of the building where we anticipate creating a new second lobby and rebranding this portion of the building “120 st. james street” and (2) approximately 277,000 square feet in the tower. while we believe all of this space is highly marketable and current market rents are greater than the expiring rents, we expect much of this space will be vacant during 2015. in conjunction with the construction of our approximately 425,000 square foot development project at 888 boylston street, we expect to complete a major renovation of the prudential center food court and create additional retail space during 2015 which, upon completion, will enhance our revenues and our tenants’ experience at the prudential center. the east cambridge submarket is the strongest submarket in the region and our cambridge portfolio is approximately 99.6% leased. in the suburbs of boston along the route 128 corridor, we are also benefiting from the strong tenant demand in the technology and life sciences industries with the completion of approximately 1.1 million square feet of leases during the year, including an approximately 182,000 square foot lease for our anchor tenant at 10 citypoint, an approximately 245,000 square foot development project in waltham, massachusetts.
the san francisco cbd and silicon valley submarkets are two of the strongest in the united states and continue to benefit from business expansion and job growth, particularly in the technology sector, which has resulted in positive absorption, lower vacancy and increasing rental rates. during 2014, we leased approximately 1.7 million square feet, including an approximately 714,000 square foot lease for our salesforce tower development project. we have approximately 471,000 square feet of space expiring in the san francisco region through the end of 2015 at rents that are below current market rates. construction of 535 mission street is complete with initial occupancy occurring in the fourth quarter of 2014 and the project is approximately 66% leased as of february 23, 2015.
51
the table below details the leases that commenced during the three and twelve months ended december 31, 2014:
three months                    twelve months ended                            ended december 31, 2014                december 31, 2014
total square feet vacant space available at the beginning of the period                  3,372,895                        2,683,647
properties placed in-service                                              88,096                        1,610,553
leases expiring or terminated during the period                          989,204                        4,293,390
total space available for lease                                        4,450,195                        8,587,590
1st generation leases                                                    127,108                        1,209,076
2nd generation leases with new tenants                                   344,349                        1,848,533
2nd generation lease renewals                                            536,270                        2,087,513
total space leased                                                     1,007,727                        5,145,122
vacant space available for lease at the end of the period              3,442,468                        3,442,468
second generation leasing information: (1)
leases commencing during the period, in square feet                      880,619                        3,936,046
average lease term                                                     70 months                        70 months average free rent period                                                 35 days                          54 days total transaction costs per square foot (2)                               $23.64                           $29.60
increase / (decrease) in gross rents (3)                                   12.12    %                        7.62   %
increase / (decrease) in net rents (4)                                     17.79    %                       10.85   %
(1)                                     second generation leases are defined as leases for space that had previously been under lease by us. of the 880,619 and 3,936,046 square feet of second generation leases that commenced during the three and twelve months ended december 31, 2014, respectively, 566,876 and 2,793,051 square feet were signed in prior periods for the three and twelve months ended december 31, 2014, respectively.

(2)   total transaction costs include tenant improvements and leasing commissions and exclude free rent concessions.

(3)                             represents the increase/(decrease) in gross rent (base rent plus expense reimbursements) on the new vs. expired leases on the 780,911 and 3,295,755 square feet of second generation leases (1) that had been occupied within the prior 12 months and (2) for which the new lease term is greater than six months, for the three and twelve months ended december 31, 2014, respectively.

(4)                         represents the increase/(decrease) in net rent (gross rent less operating expenses) on the new vs. expired leases on the 780,911 and 3,295,755 square feet of second generation leases (1) that had been occupied within the prior 12 months and (2) for which the new lease term is greater than six months, for the three and twelve months ended december 31, 2014, respectively.

in the aggregate from december 31, 2014 to december 31, 2015, leases representing approximately 7.2% of the space at our properties will expire. as these leases expire, assuming no change in current market rental rates, we expect that the gross rental rates we are likely to achieve on new leases will on average be greater than the rates that are currently being paid.
although we continue to evaluate opportunities to acquire assets, the abundance of capital and demand for assets has resulted in increasing prices. as a result, in the current environment we are able to develop properties at a cost per square foot that is generally less than the cost at which we can acquire older existing properties, thereby generating relatively better returns with lower annual maintenance expenses and capital costs. accordingly, we believe the successful lease-up and completion of our development pipeline will enhance our long-term return on equity and earnings growth as these developments are placed in-service through 2019. we believe the development of well-positioned office buildings is justified in many of our submarkets where tenants
52
have shown demand for high-quality construction, modern design, efficient floor plates and sustainable features. in addition, select first-class residential developments that are part of a mixed-use environment, which combine office, retail and residential uses, have proven successful in our markets. as of december 31, 2014, our current development pipeline, which excludes properties which are fully placed in-service, totals approximately 3.3 million square feet with a total projected investment of approximately $2.1 billion, of which approximately $1.3 billion remains to be funded. additionally, we are working on several new developments in each of our markets that could commence in 2015 or later.
given investor demand for assets like ours we continue to review our portfolio to identify properties that may have limited opportunities for cash flow growth, no longer fit within our portfolio strategy or can attract premium pricing in the current market environment as potential sales candidates. during 2014, we completed the sale of an aggregate of approximately $2.3 billion (our share) of assets generating $2.0 billion of sale proceeds. included in this amount is the october 30, 2014 sale of a 45% interest in each of 601 lexington avenue in new york city and atlantic wharf office building and 100 federal street in boston for an aggregate gross sale price of $1.827 billion in cash, less the partner’s pro rata share of indebtedness secured by 601 lexington avenue, subject to certain prorations and adjustments. as of january 15, 2015, we have under contract for sale the residences on the avenue, our 335 unit residential leasehold at 2221 i street, n.w., washington, dc, for a gross sale price of $196 million. the sale is subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions and there can be no assurance that the sale will be consummated on the terms currently contemplated or at all. we are also considering additional asset sales and, in total, we project our sales volume for 2015 could be in excess of $750 million.
in general, we structure asset sales for possible inclusion in like-kind exchanges within the meaning of section 1031 of the internal revenue code. the ability to complete a like-kind exchange depends on many factors, including, among others, identifying and acquiring suitable replacement property within limited time periods and the ownership structure of the properties being sold and acquired, and therefore we are not always able to sell an asset as part of a like-kind exchange. when successful, a like-kind exchange enables us to defer the taxable gain on the asset sold and thus limit our reit distribution requirement and preserve capital. if we are unable to identify and acquire suitable replacement property in a like-kind exchange, then we expect to distribute at least the amount of proceeds necessary to avoid paying a corporate level tax on the gain realized from the sale (see “liquidity and capital resources—reit tax distribution considerations—application of recent regulations”).
we continue to maintain substantial liquidity, including available cash, as of february 23, 2015, of approximately $1.1 billion, which includes approximately $342.2 million of restricted cash which is being held for possible investment in a like-kind exchange in accordance with section 1031 of the internal revenue code, and approximately $983.5 million available under our operating partnership’s $1.0 billion unsecured line of credit. our more significant future funding requirements include approximately $1.3 billion of our development pipeline that remains to be funded through 2019. we have access to multiple sources of capital, including current cash balances, public debt and equity markets, secured and unsecured debt markets and potential asset sales to fund our future capital requirements.
for descriptions of significant transactions that we completed during 2014, see “item 1. business—transactions during 2014.”
critical accounting policies the preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america, or gaap, requires management to use judgment in the application of accounting policies, including making estimates and assumptions. we base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. these judgments affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the
53
financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. if our judgment or interpretation of the facts and circumstances relating to various transactions had been different, it is possible that different accounting policies would have been applied resulting in a different presentation of our financial statements. from time to time, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions. in the event estimates or assumptions prove to be different from actual results, adjustments are made in subsequent periods to reflect more current information. below is a discussion of accounting policies that we consider critical in that they may require complex judgment in their application or require estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain.
real estate upon acquisitions of real estate that constitutes a business, which includes the consolidation of previously unconsolidated joint ventures, we assess the fair value of acquired tangible and intangible assets, (including land, buildings, tenant improvements, “above-” and “below-market” leases, leasing and assumed financing origination costs, acquired in-place leases, other identified intangible assets and assumed liabilities) and allocate the purchase price to the acquired assets and assumed liabilities, including land and buildings as if vacant. we assess and consider fair value based on estimated cash flow projections that utilize discount and/or capitalization rates that we deem appropriate, as well as available market information. estimates of future cash flows are based on a number of factors including the historical operating results, known and anticipated trends, and market and economic conditions.
the fair value of the tangible assets of an acquired property considers the value of the property as if it were vacant. we also consider an allocation of purchase price of other acquired intangibles, including acquired in-place leases that may have a customer relationship intangible value, including (but not limited to) the nature and extent of the existing relationship with the tenants, the tenants’ credit quality and expectations of lease renewals. based on our acquisitions to date, our allocation to customer relationship intangible assets has been immaterial.
we record acquired “above-” and “below-market” leases at their fair values (using a discount rate which reflects the risks associated with the leases acquired) equal to the difference between (1) the contractual amounts to be paid pursuant to each in-place lease and (2) management’s estimate of fair market lease rates for each corresponding in-place lease, measured over a period equal to the remaining term of the lease for above-market leases and the initial term plus the term of any below-market fixed rate renewal options for below- market leases. acquired “above-” and “below-market” lease values have been reflected within prepaid expenses and other assets and other liabilities, respectively, in our consolidated balance sheets. other intangible assets acquired include amounts for in-place lease values that are based on our evaluation of the specific characteristics of each tenant’s lease. factors to be considered include estimates of carrying costs during hypothetical expected lease-up periods considering current market conditions, and costs to execute similar leases. in estimating carrying costs, we include real estate taxes, insurance and other operating expenses and estimates of lost rentals at market rates during the expected lease-up periods, depending on local market conditions. in estimating costs to execute similar leases, we consider leasing commissions, legal and other related expenses.
management reviews its long-lived assets for impairment every quarter and when there is an event or change in circumstances that indicates an impairment in value. an impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of its assets is not recoverable and exceeds its fair value. if such criteria are present, an impairment loss is recognized based on the excess of the carrying amount of the asset over its fair value. the evaluation of anticipated cash flows is highly subjective and is based in part on assumptions regarding anticipated hold periods, future occupancy, rental rates and capital requirements that could differ materially from actual results in future periods. since cash flows on properties considered to be “long-lived assets to be held and used” are considered on an undiscounted basis to determine whether an asset has been impaired, our established strategy of holding properties over the long term directly decreases the likelihood of recording an impairment loss. if our hold strategy changes or market conditions otherwise dictate an earlier sale date, an impairment loss may be recognized and such loss could be material. if we determine that an impairment has occurred, the affected assets must be reduced to their fair value, less cost to sell.
54
guidance in accounting standards codification (“asc”) 360 “property plant and equipment” (“asc 360”) requires that qualifying assets and liabilities and the results of operations that have been sold, or otherwise qualify as “held for sale,” be presented as discontinued operations in all periods presented if the property operations are expected to be eliminated and we will not have significant continuing involvement following the sale. the components of the property’s net income that is reflected as discontinued operations include the net gain (or loss) upon the disposition of the property held for sale, operating results, depreciation and interest expense (if the property is subject to a secured loan). we generally consider assets to be “held for sale” when the transaction has been approved by our board of directors, or a committee thereof, and there are no known significant contingencies relating to the sale, such that a sale of the property within one year is considered probable. following the classification of a property as “held for sale,” no further depreciation is recorded on the assets, and the asset is written down to the lower of carrying value or fair market value, less cost to sell. on april 10, 2014, the financial accounting standards board (“fasb”) issued accounting standards update (“asu”) 2014-08, “reporting discontinued operations and disclosures of disposals of components of an entity” (“asu 2014-08”). asu 2014-08 clarifies that discontinued operations presentation applies only to disposals representing a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on an entity’s operations and financial results (e.g., a disposal of a major geographical area, a major line of business, a major equity method investment or other major parts of an entity). asu 2014-08 is effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2014. early adoption is permitted, and we early adopted asu no. 2014-08 during the first quarter of 2014. our adoption of asu 2014-08 resulted in the operating results and gains on sales of real estate from operating properties sold during the year ended december 31, 2014 not being reflected within discontinued operations in our consolidated statements of operations (see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements).
real estate is stated at depreciated cost. a variety of costs are incurred in the acquisition, development and leasing of properties. the cost of buildings and improvements includes the purchase price of property, legal fees and other acquisition costs. we expense costs that we incur to effect a business combination such as legal, due diligence and other closing related costs. costs directly related to the development of properties are capitalized. capitalized development costs include interest, internal wages, property taxes, insurance, and other project costs incurred during the period of development. after the determination is made to capitalize a cost, it is allocated to the specific component of a project that is benefited. determination of when a development project commences and capitalization begins, and when a development project is substantially complete and held available for occupancy and capitalization must cease, involves a degree of judgment. our capitalization policy on development properties is guided by guidance in asc 835-20 “capitalization of interest” and asc 970 “real estate-general.” the costs of land and buildings under development include specifically identifiable costs.
the capitalized costs include pre-construction costs necessary to the development of the property, development costs, construction costs, interest costs, real estate taxes, salaries and related costs and other costs incurred during the period of development. we begin the capitalization of costs during the pre-construction period which we define as activities that are necessary to the development of the property. we consider a construction project as substantially completed and held available for occupancy upon the completion of tenant improvements, but no later than one year from cessation of major construction activity. we cease capitalization on the portion (1) substantially completed, (2) occupied or held available for occupancy, and we capitalize only those costs associated with the portion under construction or (3) if activities necessary for the development of the property have been suspended.
investments in unconsolidated joint ventures we consolidate variable interest entities (“vies”) in which we are considered to be the primary beneficiary. vies are entities in which the equity investors do not have sufficient equity at risk to finance their endeavors without additional financial support or that the holders of the equity investment at risk do not have a controlling financial interest. the primary beneficiary is defined by the entity having both of the following characteristics: (1) the power to direct the activities that, when taken together, most significantly impact the variable interest
55
entity’s performance, and (2) the obligation to absorb losses and right to receive the returns from the variable interest entity that would be significant to the variable interest entity. for ventures that are not vies we consolidate entities for which we have significant decision making control over the ventures’ operations. our judgment with respect to our level of influence or control of an entity involves the consideration of various factors including the form of our ownership interest, our representation in the entity’s governance, the size of our investment (including loans), estimates of future cash flows, our ability to participate in policy making decisions and the rights of the other investors to participate in the decision making process and to replace us as manager and/or liquidate the venture, if applicable. our assessment of our influence or control over an entity affects the presentation of these investments in our consolidated financial statements. in addition to evaluating control rights, we consolidate entities in which the outside partner has no substantive kick-out rights to remove us as the managing member.
accounts of the consolidated entity are included in our accounts and the non-controlling interest is reflected on the consolidated balance sheets as a component of equity or in temporary equity between liabilities and equity. investments in unconsolidated joint ventures are recorded initially at cost, and subsequently adjusted for equity in earnings and cash contributions and distributions. any difference between the carrying amount of these investments on the balance sheet and the underlying equity in net assets is amortized as an adjustment to equity in earnings of unconsolidated joint ventures over the life of the related asset. under the equity method of accounting, our net equity investment is reflected within the consolidated balance sheets, and our share of net income or loss from the joint ventures is included within the consolidated statements of operations. the joint venture agreements may designate different percentage allocations among investors for profits and losses; however, our recognition of joint venture income or loss generally follows the joint venture’s distribution priorities, which may change upon the achievement of certain investment return thresholds. we may account for cash distributions in excess of our investment in an unconsolidated joint venture as income when we are not the general partner in a limited partnership and when we have neither the requirement nor the intent to provide financial support to the joint venture. our investments in unconsolidated joint ventures are reviewed for impairment periodically and we record impairment charges when events or circumstances change indicating that a decline in the fair values below the carrying values has occurred and such decline is other-than-temporary. the ultimate realization of the investment in unconsolidated joint ventures is dependent on a number of factors, including the performance of each investment and market conditions. we will record an impairment charge if we determine that a decline in the value below the carrying value of an investment in an unconsolidated joint venture is other-than-temporary.
to the extent that we contribute assets to a joint venture, our investment in the joint venture is recorded at our cost basis in the assets that were contributed to the joint venture. to the extent that our cost basis is different than the basis reflected at the joint venture level, the basis difference is amortized over the life of the related asset and included in our share of equity in net income of the joint venture. in accordance with the provisions of asc 970-323 “investments-equity method and joint ventures” (“asc 970-323”), we will recognize gains on the contribution of real estate to joint ventures, relating solely to the outside partner’s interest, to the extent the economic substance of the transaction is a sale.
the combined summarized financial information of the unconsolidated joint ventures is disclosed in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition in general, we commence rental revenue recognition when the tenant takes possession of the leased space and the leased space is substantially ready for its intended use. contractual rental revenue is reported on a straight-line basis over the terms of our respective leases. we recognize rental revenue of acquired in-place “above-” and “below-market” leases at their fair values over the original term of the respective leases. accrued rental income as reported on the consolidated balance sheets represents rental income recognized in excess of rent payments actually received pursuant to the terms of the individual lease agreements.
56
for the year ended december 31, 2014, the impact of the net adjustments of rents from “above-” and “below-market” leases increased rental revenue by approximately $48.3 million. for the year ended december 31, 2014, the impact of the straight-line rent adjustment increased rental revenue by approximately $63.1 million. those amounts exclude the adjustment of rents from “above-” and “below-market” leases and straight-line income from unconsolidated joint ventures, which are disclosed in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements.
our leasing strategy is generally to secure creditworthy tenants that meet our underwriting guidelines. furthermore, following the initiation of a lease, we continue to actively monitor the tenant’s creditworthiness to ensure that all tenant related assets are recorded at their realizable value. when assessing tenant credit quality, we:
•   review relevant financial information, including:

•   financial ratios;

•   net worth;

•   revenue;

•   cash flows;

•   leverage; and

•   liquidity;

•   evaluate the depth and experience of the tenant’s management team; and

•   assess the strength/growth of the tenant’s industry.

as a result of the underwriting process, tenants are then categorized into one of three categories:
(1)   acceptable-risk tenants;

(2)   the tenant’s credit is such that we may require collateral, in which case we:

•   may require a security deposit; and/or

•   may reduce upfront tenant improvement investments; or

(3)   the tenant’s credit is below our acceptable parameters.

we consistently monitor the credit quality of our tenant base. we provide an allowance for doubtful accounts arising from estimated losses that could result from the tenant’s inability to make required current rent payments and an allowance against accrued rental income for future potential losses that we deem to be unrecoverable over the term of the lease.
tenant receivables are assigned a credit rating of 1 through 4. a rating of 1 represents the highest possible rating and no allowance is recorded. a rating of 4 represents the lowest credit rating, in which case we record a full reserve against the receivable balance. among the factors considered in determining the credit rating include:
•   payment history;

•   credit status and change in status (credit ratings for public companies are used as a primary metric);

•   change in tenant space needs (i.e., expansion/downsize);

•   tenant financial performance;

•   economic conditions in a specific geographic region; and

•   industry specific credit considerations.

57
if our estimates of collectability differ from the cash received, the timing and amount of our reported revenue could be impacted. the average remaining term of our in-place tenant leases, including unconsolidated joint ventures, was approximately 6.8 years as of december 31, 2014. the credit risk is mitigated by the high quality of our existing tenant base, reviews of prospective tenants’ risk profiles prior to lease execution and consistent monitoring of our portfolio to identify potential problem tenants.
recoveries from tenants, consisting of amounts due from tenants for common area maintenance, real estate taxes and other recoverable costs, are recognized as revenue in the period during which the expenses are incurred. tenant reimbursements are recognized and presented in accordance with guidance in asc 605-45 “principal agent considerations” (“asc 605-45”). asc 605-45 requires that these reimbursements be recorded on a gross basis, as we are generally the primary obligor with respect to purchasing goods and services from third-party suppliers, have discretion in selecting the supplier and have credit risk. we also receive reimbursement of payroll and payroll related costs from third parties which we reflect on a net basis.
our parking revenues are derived from leases, monthly parking and transient parking. we recognize parking revenue as earned.
our hotel revenues are derived from room rentals and other sources such as charges to guests for telephone service, movie and vending commissions, meeting and banquet room revenue and laundry services. hotel revenues are recognized as earned.
we receive management and development fees from third parties. property management fees are recorded and earned based on a percentage of collected rents at the properties under management, and not on a straight-line basis, because such fees are contingent upon the collection of rents. we review each development agreement and record development fees as earned depending on the risk associated with each project. profit on development fees earned from joint venture projects are recognized as revenue to the extent of the third-party partners’ ownership interest.
gains on sales of real estate are recognized pursuant to the provisions included in asc 360-20 “real estate sales” (“asc 360-20”). the specific timing of the sale is measured against various criteria in asc 360-20 related to the terms of the transaction and any continuing involvement in the form of management or financial assistance associated with the properties. if the sales criteria for the full accrual method are not met, we defer some or all of the gain recognition and account for the continued operations of the property by applying the finance, leasing, profit sharing, deposit, installment or cost recovery methods, as appropriate, until the sales criteria are met.
depreciation and amortization we compute depreciation and amortization on our properties using the straight-line method based on estimated useful asset lives. we allocate the acquisition cost of real estate to its components and depreciate or amortize these assets over their useful lives. the amortization of acquired “above-” and “below-market” leases and acquired in-place leases is recorded as an adjustment to revenue and depreciation and amortization, respectively, in the consolidated statements of operations.
fair value of financial instruments the carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, escrows, receivables, accounts payable, accrued expenses and other assets and liabilities are reasonable estimates of their fair values because of the short maturities of these instruments.
we follow the authoritative guidance for fair value measurements when valuing our financial instruments for disclosure purposes. we determine the fair value of our unsecured senior notes and unsecured exchangeable
58
senior notes using market prices. the inputs used in determining the fair value of our unsecured senior notes and unsecured exchangeable senior notes is categorized at a level 1 basis (as defined in the accounting standards for fair value measurements and disclosures) due to the fact that we use quoted market rates to value these instruments. however, the inputs used in determining the fair value could be categorized at a level 2 basis if trading volumes are low. we determine the fair value of our mortgage notes payable using discounted cash flow analyses by discounting the spread between the future contractual interest payments and hypothetical future interest payments on mortgage debt based on current market rates for similar securities. in determining the current market rates, we add our estimates of market spreads to the quoted yields on federal government treasury securities with similar maturity dates to our debt. the inputs used in determining the fair value of our mortgage notes payable and mezzanine notes payable are categorized at a level 3 basis (as defined in the accounting standards for fair value measurements and disclosures) due to the fact that we consider the rates used in the valuation techniques to be unobservable inputs.
derivative instruments and hedging activities derivative instruments and hedging activities require management to make judgments on the nature of its derivatives and their effectiveness as hedges. these judgments determine if the changes in fair value of the derivative instruments are reported in the consolidated statements of operations as a component of net income or as a component of comprehensive income and as a component of equity on the consolidated balance sheets. while management believes its judgments are reasonable, a change in a derivative’s effectiveness as a hedge could materially affect expenses, net income and equity. we account for the effective portion of changes in the fair value of a derivative in other comprehensive income (loss) and subsequently reclassify the effective portion to earnings over the term that the hedged transaction affects earnings. we account for the ineffective portion of changes in the fair value of a derivative directly in earnings.
recent accounting pronouncements on april 10, 2014, the fasb issued asu 2014-08, “reporting discontinued operations and disclosures of disposals of components of an entity” (“asu 2014-08”). asu 2014-08 clarifies that discontinued operations presentation applies only to disposals representing a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on an entity’s operations and financial results (e.g., a disposal of a major geographical area, a major line of business, a major equity method investment or other major parts of an entity). asu 2014-08 is effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2014. early adoption is permitted, and the company early adopted asu 2014-08 during the first quarter of 2014. our adoption of asu 2014-08 resulted in the operating results and gains on sales of real estate from operating properties sold during the year ended december 31, 2014 not being reflected within discontinued operations in our consolidated statements of operations (see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements).
in may 2014, the fasb issued asu 2014-09, “revenue from contract with customers (topic 606)” (“asu 2014-09”). the objective of asu 2014-09 is to establish a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and will supersede most of the existing revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance. the core principle is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. in applying asu 2014-09, companies will perform a five-step analysis of transactions to determine when and how revenue is recognized. asu 2014-09 applies to all contracts with customers except those that are within the scope of other topics in the fasb’s accounting standards codification (“asc”). asu 2014-09 is effective for annual reporting periods (including interim periods within that reporting period) beginning after december 15, 2016 and shall be applied using either a full retrospective or modified retrospective approach. early adoption is not permitted. we are currently assessing the potential impact that the adoption of asu 2014-09 will have on our consolidated financial statements.
59
in june 2014, the fasb issued asu 2014-12, “accounting for share-based payments when the terms of an award provide that a performance target could be achieved after the requisite service period” (“asu 2014-12”). the amendments in asu 2014-12 require that a performance target that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period be treated as a performance condition. a reporting entity should apply existing guidance in asc topic no. 718, “compensation—stock compensation” (“asc 718”), as it relates to awards with performance conditions that affect vesting to account for such awards. the amendments in asu 2014-12 are effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after december 15, 2015. early adoption is permitted. entities may apply the amendments in asu 2014-12 either: (a) prospectively to all awards granted or modified after the effective date; or (b) retrospectively to all awards with performance targets that are outstanding as of the beginning of the earliest annual period presented in the financial statements and to all new or modified awards thereafter. we do not expect the adoption of asu 2014-12 to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
in august 2014, the fasb issued asu 2014-15, “presentation of financial statements—going concern: disclosure of uncertainties about an entity’s ability to continue as a going concern” (“asu 2014-15”). asu 2014-15 requires an entity to evaluate whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the entity’s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or within one year after the financial statements are available to be issued when applicable) and to provide related footnote disclosures in certain circumstances. asu 2014-15 is effective for the annual period ending after december 15, 2016, and for annual and interim periods thereafter with early adoption permitted. we do not expect the adoption of asu 2014-15 to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
in november 2014, the fasb issued asu 2014-16, “determining whether the host contract in a hybrid financial instrument issued in the form of a share is more akin to debt or to equity” (“asu 2014-16”). asu 2014-16 clarifies how current gaap should be interpreted in evaluating the economic characteristics and risks of a host contract in a hybrid financial instrument that is issued in the form of a share. specifically, the amendments clarify that an entity should consider all relevant terms and features—including the embedded derivative feature being evaluated for bifurcation—in evaluating the nature of the host contract. furthermore, the amendments clarify that no single term or feature would necessarily determine the economic characteristics and risks of the host contract. rather, the nature of the host contract depends upon the economic characteristics and risks of the entire hybrid financial instrument. asu 2014-16 is effective for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after december 15, 2015. early adoption is permitted. we do not expect the adoption of asu 2014-16 to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
in february 2015, the fasb issued asu 2015-02, “consolidation (topic 810): amendments to the consolidation analysis” (“asu 2015-02”). asu 2015-02 affects reporting entities that are required to evaluate whether they should consolidate certain legal entities. asu 2015-02 modifies the evaluation of whether limited partnerships and similar legal entities are vies or voting interest entities, eliminates the presumption that a general partner should consolidate a limited partnership and affects the consolidation analysis of reporting entities that are involved with vies, particularly those that have fee arrangements and related party relationships. asu 2015-02 is effective for fiscal years, and for interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after december 15, 2015. early adoption is permitted. a reporting entity may apply the amendments in asu 2015-02 using: (a) a modified retrospective approach by recording a cumulative-effect adjustment to equity as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption; or (b) by applying the amendments retrospectively. we are currently assessing the potential impact that the adoption of asu 2015-02 will have on our consolidated financial statements.
results of operations the following discussion is based on our consolidated statement of operations for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012.
at december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, we owned or had interests in a portfolio of 169, 175 and 157 properties, respectively (in each case, the “total property portfolio”). as a result of changes within our total property portfolio, the financial data presented below shows significant changes in revenue and expenses from
60
period-to-period. accordingly, we do not believe that our period-to-period financial data with respect to the total property portfolio are necessarily meaningful. therefore, the comparison of operating results for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 show separately the changes attributable to the properties that were owned by us and in service throughout each period compared (the “same property portfolio”) and the changes attributable to the properties included in the placed in-service, acquired or consolidated, development or redevelopment or sold portfolios.
in our analysis of operating results, particularly to make comparisons of net operating income between periods meaningful, it is important to provide information for properties that were in-service and owned by us throughout each period presented. we refer to properties acquired or consolidated or placed in-service prior to the beginning of the earliest period presented and owned by us and in service through the end of the latest period presented as our same property portfolio. the same property portfolio therefore excludes properties placed in-service, acquired or consolidated, repositioned or in development or redevelopment after the beginning of the earliest period presented or disposed of prior to the end of the latest period presented.
net operating income, or noi, is a non-gaap financial measure equal to net income attributable to boston properties, inc., the most directly comparable gaap financial measure, plus income attributable to noncontrolling interests, depreciation and amortization, interest expense, impairment loss, transaction costs, general and administrative expense, less discontinued operations, gains on sales of real estate, gains (losses) from early extinguishments of debt, gains (losses) from investments in securities, gains on consolidation of joint ventures, income from unconsolidated joint ventures, interest and other income and development and management services revenue. we use noi internally as a performance measure and believe noi provides useful information to investors regarding our financial condition and results of operations because it reflects only those income and expense items that are incurred at the property level. therefore, we believe noi is a useful measure for evaluating the operating performance of our real estate assets.
our management also uses noi to evaluate regional property level performance and to make decisions about resource allocations. further, we believe noi is useful to investors as a performance measure because, when compared across periods, noi reflects the impact on operations from trends in occupancy rates, rental rates, operating costs and acquisition and development activity on an unleveraged basis, providing perspectives not immediately apparent from net income attributable to boston properties, inc. noi excludes certain components from net income attributable to boston properties, inc. in order to provide results that are more closely related to a property’s results of operations. for example, interest expense is not necessarily linked to the operating performance of a real estate asset and is often incurred at the corporate level as opposed to the property level. in addition, depreciation and amortization, because of historical cost accounting and useful life estimates, may distort operating performance at the property level. noi presented by us may not be comparable to noi reported by other reits that define noi differently. we believe that in order to facilitate a clear understanding of our operating results, noi should be examined in conjunction with net income attributable to boston properties, inc. as presented in our consolidated financial statements. noi should not be considered as an alternative to net income attributable to boston properties, inc. as an indication of our performance or to cash flows as a measure of liquidity or ability to make distributions. for a reconciliation of noi to net income attributable to boston properties, inc., see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements.
comparison of the year ended december 31, 2014 to the year ended december 31, 2013
the table below shows selected operating information for the same property portfolio and the total property portfolio. the same property portfolio consists of 131 properties totaling approximately 35.8 million net rentable square feet of space, excluding unconsolidated joint ventures. the same property portfolio includes properties acquired or consolidated or placed in-service on or prior to january 1, 2013 and owned and in service through december 31, 2014. the total property portfolio includes the effects of the other properties either placed in-service, acquired or consolidated or in development or redevelopment after january 1, 2013 or disposed of on or prior to december 31, 2014. this table includes a reconciliation from the same property portfolio to the total property portfolio by also providing information for the year ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 with respect to the properties which were placed in-service, acquired or consolidated, in development or redevelopment or sold.
61
same property portfolio                                           properties                               properties           properties                                                       properties sold                                                                                 total property portfolio acquired                                   placed           in                                                                     portfolio or consolidated                               in-service           development portfolio                                portfolio           or redevelopment portfolio
(dollars in thousands)                                                                         2014                        2013                            increase/                           %        2014                      2013                  2014                   2013                  2014               2013                    2014                    2013                2014                        2013                            increase/                                %
(decrease)                     change                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        (decrease)                          change rental revenue:
rental revenue                                                                                            $1,883,215                  $1,824,581           $58,634                          3.21   %              $329,725                   $179,579            $53,407                $6,028           $—                        $2,248                $24,362                  $27,949              $2,290,709                  $2,040,385           $250,324                             12.27   %
termination income                                                                                            11,162                       2,807                    8,355                 297.65   %                    62                          —                171                     —                —                         —                      —                        —                  11,395                       2,807                      8,588                    305.95   %
total rental revenue                                                                                       1,894,377                   1,827,388                   66,989                   3.67   %               329,787                    179,579             53,578                 6,028                —                     2,248                 24,362                   27,949               2,302,104                   2,043,192                    258,912                     12.67   %
real estate operating expenses                                                                               692,146                     664,694                   27,452                   4.13   %               101,452                     57,199             18,532                 1,693                —                       421                  7,238                    6,815                 819,368                     730,822                     88,546                     12.12   %
net operating income, excluding residential and hotel                                                      1,202,231                   1,162,694                   39,537                   3.40   %               228,335                    122,380             35,046                 4,335                —                     1,827                 17,124                   21,134               1,482,736                   1,312,370                    170,366                     12.98   %
residential net operating income(1)                                                                            8,960                      10,395                   (1,435   )             (13.80   )%                    —                          —              1,311                  (207   )            —                         —                      —                        —                  10,271                      10,188           83                                    0.81   %
hotel net operating income(1)                                                                                 14,149                      11,883                    2,266                  19.07   %                     —                          —                  —                     —                —                         —                      —                        —                  14,149                      11,883                      2,266                     19.07   %
consolidated net operating income(1)                                                                       1,225,340                   1,184,972                   40,368                   3.41   %               228,335                    122,380             36,357                 4,128                —                     1,827                 17,124                   21,134               1,507,156                   1,334,441                    172,715                     12.94   %
other revenue:
development and management services                                                                                —                           —                        —                      —                         —                          —                  —                     —                —                         —                      —                        —                  25,316                      29,695                     (4,379   )                (14.75   )%
other expenses:
general and administrative expense                                                                                 —                           —                        —                      —                         —                          —                  —                     —                —                         —                      —                        —                  98,937                     115,329                    (16,392   )                (14.21   )%
transaction costs                                                                                                  —                           —                        —                      —                         —                          —                  —                     —                —                         —                      —                        —                   3,140                       1,744                      1,396                     80.05   %
impairment loss                                                                                                    —                           —                        —                      —                         —                          —                  —                     —                —                         —                      —                        —                       —                       8,306                     (8,306   )               (100.00   )%
depreciation and amortization                                                                                469,440                     463,906                    5,534                   1.19   %               131,907                     81,751             20,297                 1,900                —                     4,579                  6,929                    8,501                 628,573                     560,637                     67,936                     12.12   %
total other expenses                                                                                         469,440                     463,906                    5,534                   1.19   %               131,907                     81,751             20,297                 1,900                —                     4,579                  6,929                    8,501                 730,650                     686,016                     44,634                      6.51   %
operating income                                                                                             755,900                     721,066                   34,834                   4.83   %                96,428                     40,629             16,060                 2,228                —                    (2,752   )             10,195                   12,633                 801,822                     678,120                    123,702                     18.24   %
other income:
income from unconsolidated joint ventures                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  12,769                      75,074                    (62,305   )                (82.99   )%
gains on consolidation of joint ventures                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        —                     385,991                   (385,991   )               (100.00   )%
interest and other income                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   8,765                       8,310           455                                   5.48   %
gains from investments in securities                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        1,038                       2,911                     (1,873   )                (64.34   )%
other expenses:
interest expense                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          455,743                     446,880                      8,863                      1.98   %
losses (gains) from early extinguishments of debt                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          10,633                        (122   )                 10,755                  8,815.57   %
income from continuing operations                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         358,018                     703,648                   (345,630   )                (49.12   )%
discontinued operations:
income from discontinued operations                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             —                       8,022                     (8,022   )               (100.00   )%
gains on sales of real estate from discontinued operations                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      —                     112,829                   (112,829   )               (100.00   )%
gain on forgiveness of debt from discontinued operations                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        —                      20,182                    (20,182   )               (100.00   )%
impairment loss from discontinued operations                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    —                      (3,241   )                  3,241                    100.00   %
income before gains on sales of real estate                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               358,018                     841,440                   (483,422   )                (57.45   )%
gains on sales of real estate                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             168,039                           —                    168,039                    100.00   %
net income                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                526,057                     841,440                   (315,383   )                (37.48   )%
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests:
noncontrolling interests in property partnerships                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         (30,561   )                  (1,347   )                (29,214   )             (2,168.82   )%
noncontrolling interest—redeemable preferred units of the operating partnership                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            (1,023   )                  (6,046   )                  5,023                     83.08   %
noncontrolling interest—common units of the operating partnership                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         (50,862   )                 (70,085   )                 19,223                     27.43   %
noncontrolling interest in discontinued operations—common units of the operating partnership                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    —                     (14,151   )                 14,151                    100.00   %
net income attributable to boston properties, inc.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        443,611                     749,811                   (306,200   )                (40.84   )%
preferred dividends                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       (10,500   )                  (8,057   )                 (2,443   )                (30.32   )%
net income attributable to boston properties, inc. common shareholders                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   $433,111                    $741,754           $(308,643          )                (41.61   )%
(1)                                      for a detailed discussion of noi, including the reasons management believes noi is useful to investors, see page 61. residential net operating income for the year ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 are comprised of residential revenue of $26,193 and $22,318 less residential expenses of $15,922 and $12,130, respectively. hotel net operating income for the year ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 are comprised of hotel revenue of $43,385 and $40,330 less hotel expenses of $29,236 and $28,447, respectively, per the consolidated statements of operations.

62
same property portfolio rental revenue rental revenue from the same property portfolio increased approximately $58.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 2013. the increase was primarily the result of increases in revenue from our leases, parking income and other income and recoveries of approximately $53.6 million, $4.1 million and $0.9 million, respectively. rental revenue from our leases increased approximately $53.6 million as a result of our average revenue per square foot increasing by approximately $1.40, contributing approximately $45.7 million, and an approximately $7.9 million increase due to an increase in average occupancy from 92.3% to 92.7%.
for fiscal 2015, we project our occupancy will average approximately 91% to 92% due to several large lease expirations in our boston region. we expect our same property portfolio noi to range from a decrease of 1.0% to an increase of 0.50% when compared to 2014.
termination income termination income increased by approximately $8.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 2013.
termination income for the year ended december 31, 2014 resulted from the termination of twenty-nine tenants across the same property portfolio which totaled approximately $11.2 million of which approximately $7.7 million related to an initial distribution we received from our unsecured creditor claim against lehman brothers, inc. (see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements).
termination income for the year ended december 31, 2013 resulted from the termination of twenty-four tenants across the same property portfolio which totaled approximately $2.8 million, of which approximately $1.0 million was negotiated termination income from one of our reston, virginia properties in order to accommodate growth of an existing tenant.
real estate operating expenses operating expenses from the same property portfolio increased approximately $27.5 million, or 4.1%, for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 2013 due primarily to (1) an increase of approximately $13.4 million, or 4.5%, in real estate taxes, which we primarily experienced in our washington, dc and new york regions, (2) an increase of approximately $6.4 million, or 6.1%, in repairs and maintenance expense, which we primarily experienced in the boston and new york cbd buildings and the washington, dc region, (3) an increase of approximately $2.6 million, or 7.2%, in roads and grounds expense, which we primarily experienced in the boston and washington, dc regions, (4) an increase of approximately $2.0 million, or 1.8%, in utilities expense in the boston and san francisco regions and (5) an increase of approximately $3.1 million, or 2.6%, in other operating expenses.
depreciation and amortization expense depreciation and amortization expense for the same property portfolio increased approximately $5.5 million, or 1.2%, for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 2013.
properties acquired or consolidated portfolio on april 10, 2013, we acquired the mountain view research park and mountain view technology park properties from the value-added fund for an aggregate net purchase price of approximately $233.1 million. prior to the acquisition, our ownership interest in the properties was approximately 39.5%. as a result of the acquisition, we owned 100% of the properties and accounted for them on a consolidated basis. mountain view
63
research park is an approximately 604,000 net rentable square foot, sixteen building office/technical complex. mountain view technology park is an approximately 135,000 net rentable square foot, seven building office/technical complex. on july 29, 2014, we sold mountain view technology park and mountain view research park building sixteen, which in aggregate is approximately 198,000 square feet. see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements and “results of operations—properties sold portfolio” within “item 2—management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.”
on may 31, 2013, our two joint venture partners in 767 venture, llc (the entity that owns 767 fifth avenue (the general motors building) in new york city) transferred all of their interests in the joint venture to third parties. in connection with the transfer, we and our new joint venture partners modified our relative decision making authority and consent rights with respect to the joint venture’s assets and operations. these changes resulted in us having sufficient financial and operating control over 767 venture, llc such that we now account for the assets, liabilities and operations of 767 venture, llc on a consolidated basis in our financial statements instead of under the equity method of accounting. our ownership interest in 767 venture, llc remained unchanged at 60%. 767 fifth avenue (the general motors building) is an approximately 1.8 million net rentable square foot, 59-story class a office tower.
rental revenue rental revenue from our properties acquired or consolidated portfolio increased approximately $150.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 2013, as detailed below:
property                                             date acquired or       rental revenue for the year ended december 31, consolidated
2014                                               2013                    change
(in thousands)
mountain view research park                          april 10, 2013         $19,111                        $11,815                        $7,296
767 fifth avenue (the general motors building)       may 31, 2013                  310,676                        167,764                        142,912
total                                                                       $329,787                       $179,579                       $150,208
rental revenue for the year ended december 31, 2014 includes approximately $62,000 of termination income.
real estate operating expenses real estate operating expenses from our properties acquired or consolidated portfolio increased approximately $44.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 2013, as detailed below:
property                                             date acquired or       real estate operating expenses for the year ended consolidated           december
31,
2014                                              2013                   change
(in thousands)
mountain view research park                          april 10, 2013         $4,093                        $2,741                        $1,352
767 fifth avenue (the general motors building)       may 31, 2013                  97,359                        54,458                        42,901
total                                                                       $101,452                      $57,199                       $44,253
64
depreciation and amortization expense depreciation and amortization expense for our properties acquired or consolidated portfolio increased by approximately $50.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 2013 as detailed below:
property                                             date acquired or       depreciation and amortization expenses for the consolidated           year ended december 31,
2014                                               2013                   change
(in thousands)
mountain view research park                          april 10, 2013         $9,105                         $8,448                        $657
767 fifth avenue (the general motors building)       may 31, 2013                  122,802                        73,303                        49,499
total                                                                       $131,907                       $81,751                       $50,156
for a discussion of the operating results for 767 fifth avenue (the general motors building), mountain view research park and mountain view technology park for the period prior to consolidation / acquisition or sale refer to “results of operations—other income and expense items—income from unconsolidated joint ventures” within “item 7—management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.”
properties placed in-service portfolio we had six properties that were placed in-service or partially placed in-service between january 1, 2013 and december 31, 2014. the square footage amount for the five properties that are fully placed in-service is approximately 2.1 million. 680 folsom street is comprised of two buildings.
rental revenue rental revenue from our properties placed in-service portfolio increased approximately $52.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 2013, as detailed below:
property                                                  quarter initially          quarter fully                                        rental revenue for the year ended placed                     placed in-service                                                         december 31, in-service
2014                                                            2013               change
(in thousands)
office
300 binney street (formerly seventeen cambridge center)   second quarter, 2013       second quarter, 2013        $11,017                  $5,717                     $5,300
250 west 55th street                                      third quarter, 2013        third quarter, 2014          25,794                     311                     25,483
680 folsom street                                         fourth quarter, 2013       third quarter, 2014          15,926                     —                       15,926
535 mission street                                        fourth quarter, 2014       n/a                             841                     —                          841
$53,578                  $6,028                    $47,550
residential the avant at reston town center                           fourth quarter, 2013       first quarter, 2014          $4,746                    $157                     $4,589
total                                                                                                            $58,324                  $6,185                    $52,139
rental revenue for the year ended december 31, 2014 includes approximately $171,000 of termination income.
65
real estate operating expenses real estate operating expenses from our properties placed in-service portfolio increased approximately $19.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 2013, as detailed below:
property                                                  quarter initially          quarter fully                                     real estate operating expenses for the placed                     placed in-service                                                year ended december 31, in-service
2014                                                            2013               change
(in thousands)
office
300 binney street (formerly seventeen cambridge center)   second quarter, 2013       second quarter, 2013         $1,150                      $353                       $797
250 west 55th street                                      third quarter, 2013        third quarter, 2014          12,530                     1,340                     11,190
680 folsom street                                         fourth quarter, 2013       third quarter, 2014           4,423                     —                          4,423
535 mission street                                        fourth quarter, 2014       n/a                             429                     —                            429
$18,532                    $1,693                    $16,839
residential the avant at reston town center                           fourth quarter, 2013       first quarter, 2014          $3,435                      $364                     $3,071
total                                                                                                            $21,967                    $2,057                    $19,910
depreciation and amortization expense depreciation and amortization expense for our properties placed in-service portfolio increased by approximately $18.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 2013 as detailed below:
property                                                  quarter initially          quarter fully                                 depreciation and amortization expenses placed                     placed in-service                                    for the year ended december 31, in-service
2014                                                           2013               change
(in thousands)
office
300 binney street (formerly seventeen cambridge center)   second quarter, 2013       second quarter, 2013        $2,114                  $1,229                      $885
250 west 55th street                                      third quarter, 2013        third quarter, 2014          9,395                     490                     8,905
680 folsom street                                         fourth quarter, 2013       third quarter, 2014          5,841                     —                       5,841
535 mission street                                        fourth quarter, 2014       n/a                            258                     —                         258
$17,608                  $1,719                   $15,889
residential the avant at reston town center                           fourth quarter, 2013       first quarter, 2014         $2,689                    $181                    $2,508
total                                                                                                           $20,297                  $1,900                   $18,397
properties in development or redevelopment portfolio during the year ended december 31, 2013, the properties in development or redevelopment portfolio consisted of our 601 massachusetts avenue property located in washington, dc. we commenced development of this property on april 25, 2013 and it is expected to be completed during the fourth quarter of 2015. prior to the commencement of development, this building was operational and, during the year ended december 31, 2013, had approximately $2.2 million of revenue and approximately $0.4 million of operating expenses. in addition, during the year ended december 31, 2013, the building had approximately $4.6 million of depreciation and amortization expense.
properties sold portfolio on july 29, 2014, we completed the sale of our mountain view technology park properties and mountain view research park building sixteen property located in mountain view, california for an aggregate sale price of approximately $92.1 million. net cash proceeds totaled approximately $90.6 million, resulting in a gain on sale of real estate totaling approximately $35.9 million. mountain view technology park is a seven-building
66
complex of office/technical properties aggregating approximately 135,000 net rentable square feet. mountain view research park building sixteen is an office/technical property with approximately 63,000 net rentable square feet.
on august 22, 2014, we completed the sale of a parcel of land within our broad run business park property located in loudoun county, virginia for a sale price of approximately $9.8 million. net cash proceeds totaled approximately $9.7 million, resulting in a gain on sale of real estate totaling approximately $4.3 million. the parcel is an approximately 15.5 acre land parcel subject to a ground lease that was scheduled to expire on october 31, 2048 with a tenant that exercised its purchase option under the ground lease.
on october 2, 2014, we completed the sale of patriots park located in reston, virginia for a gross sale price of $321.0 million. patriots park consists of three class a office properties aggregating approximately 706,000 net rentable square feet. net cash proceeds totaled approximately $319.1 million, resulting in a gain on sale of real estate totaling approximately $84.6 million. we have agreed to provide rent support payments to the buyer with a maximum obligation of up to approximately $12.3 million related to the leasing of 17,762 net rentable square feet at the properties, which has been recorded as a reduction to the gain on sale.
on october 24, 2014, we completed the sale of a parcel of land at 130 third avenue in waltham, massachusetts that is permitted for 129,000 square feet for a sale price of approximately $14.3 million. net cash proceeds totaled approximately $13.6 million, resulting in a gain on sale of real estate totaling approximately $8.3 million.
on december 30, 2014, we completed the conveyance to an unrelated third party of a condominium interest in our 75 ames street property located in cambridge, massachusetts. on may 23, 2011, we had entered into a ground lease for the vacant land parcel at 75 ames street and had also entered into a development agreement to serve as project manager for a 250,000 square foot research laboratory building to be developed on the site at the ground lessee’s expense and to also serve, upon completion of development, as property manager. gross proceeds to us were approximately $56.8 million, including $11.4 million in development fees for our services, and were received beginning in may 2011. the cash received under the ground lease was initially recognized as unearned revenue and recognized over the 99-year term of the ground lease as ground lease revenue totaling approximately $459,000 per year prior to the conveyance of the condominium interest. the terms of the ground lease required us to form a condominium for the site upon completion of the development, at which time each party would subject their respective interests in the buildings and land to the condominium and would in turn be conveyed a condominium unit comprised of their respective building as well as an undivided ownership interest in the land. as a result of the conveyance and the transfer of title, we recognized a gain on sale of real estate totaling approximately $33.8 million during the year ended december 31, 2014.
rental revenue rental revenue from our properties sold portfolio decreased approximately $3.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 2013, as detailed below:
property                                           date sold                                          rental revenue for the year ended december 31,
2014                                               2013                   change
(in thousands)
mountain view technology park                      july 29, 2014                  $2,603                        $3,168                 $(565           )
mountain view research park building sixteen       july 29, 2014                   1,510                         1,693                          (183   )
broad run business park land parcel                august 22, 2014                   909                         1,463                          (554   )
patriots park                                      october 2, 2014                18,722                        21,166                        (2,444   )
130 third avenue land parcel                       october 24, 2014                  162                             —                 162
75 ames street                                     december 30, 2014                 456                           459                            (3   )
total                                                                            $24,362                       $27,949                 $(3,587         )
67
real estate operating expenses real estate operating expenses from our properties sold portfolio increased approximately $423,000 for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 2013, as detailed below:
property                                           date sold                                   real estate operating expenses for the year ended december 31,
2014                                              2013                  change
(in thousands)
mountain view technology park                      july 29, 2014                   $456                         $554                 $(98          )
mountain view research park building sixteen       july 29, 2014                    235                          255                         (20   )
broad run business park land parcel                august 22, 2014                  240                          364                        (124   )
patriots park                                      october 2, 2014                6,057                        5,537                 520
130 third avenue land parcel                       october 24, 2014                 250                          105                 145
75 ames street                                     december 30, 2014                  —                            —                           —
total                                                                            $7,238                       $6,815                 $423
depreciation and amortization expense depreciation and amortization expense for our properties sold portfolio decreased by approximately $1.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 2013 as detailed below:
property                                           date sold                                      depreciation and amortization expenses for the year ended december 31,
2014                                              2013                  change
(in thousands)
mountain view technology park                      july 29, 2014                 $1,783                       $2,320                 $(537         )
mountain view research park building sixteen       july 29, 2014                  1,012                        1,304                        (292   )
broad run business park land parcel                august 22, 2014                    8                           14                        (6     )
patriots park                                      october 2, 2014                4,126                        4,863                        (737   )
130 third avenue land parcel                       october 24, 2014                   —                            —                        —
75 ames street                                     december 30, 2014                  —                            —                        —
total                                                                            $6,929                       $8,501                 $(1,572       )
other operating income and expense items residential net operating income net operating income for our residential properties, including the avant at reston town center which was fully placed in-service during the first quarter of 2014, increased by approximately $83,000 for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 2013.
the following reflects our occupancy and rate information for the lofts at atlantic wharf, the residences on the avenue and the avant at reston town center for the year ended december 31, 2014 and 2013.
the lofts at atlantic wharf                                          residences on the avenue(1)                                  the avant at reston town center (2)
2014                 2013                       percentage           2014                 2013                       percentage           2014                  2013              percentage change                                                               change                                                       change average physical occupancy(3)                           96.3    %             98.6    %                 (2.3   )%            92.3    %             93.4    %                 (1.2   )%            38.8     %         n/a         n/a average economic occupancy(4)                           96.5    %             97.6    %                 (1.1   )%            91.5    %             93.0    %                 (1.6   )%            34.2     %         n/a         n/a average monthly rental rate(5)                        $3,926                $3,778             3.9              %          $3,148                $3,295                      (4.5   )%          $2,235               n/a         n/a average rental rate per occupied square foot           $4.37                 $4.20             4.0              %           $3.86                 $4.04                      (4.5   )%           $2.44               n/a         n/a
68
(1)   see note 20 to the consolidated financial statements.

(2)      this property was initially placed in-service during the fourth quarter of 2013 and fully placed in-service during the first quarter of 2014. for the operating results refer to “results of operations—properties placed in-service portfolio” within “item 7—management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.”

(3)   average physical occupancy is defined as the average number of occupied units divided by the total number of units, expressed as a percentage.

(4)                                             average economic occupancy is defined as total possible revenue less vacancy loss as a percentage of total possible revenue. total possible revenue is determined by valuing average occupied units at contract rates and average vacant units at market rents. vacancy loss is determined by valuing vacant units at current market rents. by measuring vacant units at their market rents, average economic occupancy takes into account the fact that units of different sizes and locations within a residential property have different economic impacts on a residential property’s total possible gross revenue. market rents used by us in calculating economic occupancy are based on the current market rates set by the managers of our residential properties based on their experience in renting their residential property’s units and publicly available market data. trends in market rents for a region as reported by others could vary. market rents for a period are based on the average market rents during that period and do not reflect any impact for cash concessions.

(5)   average monthly rental rates are calculated by us as rental revenue in accordance with gaap, divided by the weighted monthly average number of occupied units.

hotel net operating income net operating income for the boston marriott cambridge (formerly cambridge center marriott) hotel property increased by approximately $2.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 2013 due primarily to improvements in revenue per available room (“revpar”) and occupancy. we expect our hotel net operating income for fiscal 2015 to be between $12 million and $14 million.
the following reflects our occupancy and rate information for the boston marriott cambridge (formerly cambridge center marriott) hotel for the year ended december 31, 2014 and 2013.
2014                2013                   percentage change occupancy                     80.9   %            79.8   %             1.4   %
average daily rate         $254.96             $233.95                 9.0   %
revpar                     $206.22             $186.71                10.4   %
development and management services development and management services income decreased approximately $4.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 2013. the decrease was due to decreases in development fee and management fee income of approximately $2.2 million and $2.2 million, respectively. the decrease in development fees was primarily due to a decrease in fees associated with tenant improvement project management, as well as a decrease in the development fees earned due to the completion of several projects in the boston and washington, dc regions. the decrease in management fees is due primarily to a decrease in management and leasing fees earned from our joint ventures primarily due to the consolidation of 767 fifth avenue (the general motors building), the acquisition of the mountain view assets and the sale of 125 west 55th street, partially offset by leasing fees earned at one of our unconsolidated joint ventures in washington, dc related to a large lease that was signed. for fiscal 2015 we expect our development and management fees to be between $17 million and $22 million. our 2015 estimates are less than 2014 due to the completion of several large, third-party development fee projects in 2014, including the broad institute expansion in cambridge, massachusetts and the george washington university science center in washington, dc, and our increased focus on delivering our new development projects as opposed to third-party assignments.
69
general and administrative general and administrative expenses decreased approximately $16.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 2013 due primarily to the timing of the recognition of expenses under the transition benefits agreement that we entered into with mortimer b. zuckerman in 2013. on march 11, 2013, we announced that owen d. thomas would succeed mr. zuckerman as our chief executive officer, effective april 2, 2013. mr. zuckerman continued to serve as executive chairman for a transition period and as of january 1, 2015 mr. zuckerman serves as the non-executive chairman of the board. because mr. zuckerman remained employed by us through july 1, 2014, he received, on january 1, 2015, a lump sum cash payment of $6.7 million and an equity award with a value of approximately $11.1 million. the cash payment and equity award vested in three equal installments on each of march 10, 2013, october 1, 2013 and july 1, 2014. as a result, we recognized approximately $13.8 million of compensation expense during the year ended december 31, 2013 and approximately $4.0 million of compensation expense during the year ended december 31, 2014 related to the transition benefits agreement. under the transition benefits agreement, during the year ended december 31, 2013, we accelerated the remaining approximately $12.9 million of stock-based compensation expense associated with mr. zuckerman’s unvested long-term equity awards. in addition, for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 2013 we had an approximately $1.7 million increase in our capitalized wages due to the signing of several large leases. the increase in capitalized wages is shown as a decrease in general and administrative expenses as these costs are capitalized and included in real estate assets or deferred charges on our consolidated balance sheets (see below). we also had an approximately $1.9 million decrease in the value of our deferred compensation plan. these decreases were partially offset by the following increases: (1) approximately $2.3 million related to the net effect of the termination of the 2011 opp awards and the issuance of the 2014 myltip units (see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements), (2) an approximately $4.4 million increase in overall compensation expense, (3) approximately $0.3 million related to the write off of the remaining fees associated with our atm program that expired on june 2, 2014 and (4) approximately $2.9 million related to other general and administrative expenses. we expect our fiscal 2015 general and administrative expenses to be between $96 million and $100 million.
wages directly related to the development of rental properties are not included in our operating results. these costs are capitalized and included in real estate assets on our consolidated balance sheets and amortized over the useful lives of the real estate. capitalized wages for the year ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 were approximately $14.5 million and $12.8 million, respectively. these costs are not included in the general and administrative expenses discussed above.
transaction costs transaction costs increased approximately $1.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to costs associated the formation of several new joint venture agreements and pending and completed asset sales.
impairment loss on march 28, 2013, we executed a binding contract for the sale of our 303 almaden boulevard property located in san jose, california for a sale price of $40.0 million. the pending sale of this asset caused us to evaluate our strategy for development of the adjacent almaden land parcel, which can accommodate approximately 840,000 square feet of office development. based on a shorter than expected hold period, we reduced the carrying value of the land parcel to its fair market value and recognized an impairment loss of approximately $8.3 million during the three months ended march 31, 2013.
70
other income and expense items income from unconsolidated joint ventures for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 2013, income from unconsolidated joint ventures decreased by approximately $62.3 million due primarily to an approximately $46.5 million decrease in our share of net income from 125 west 55th street due to its sale on may 30, 2013, an approximately $11.2 million decrease in our share of net income from the sale of the eighth avenue and 46th street project in new york city on july 19, 2013, an approximately $7.7 million decrease in our share of net income from 767 fifth avenue (the general motors building) related to its consolidation on june 1, 2013 and an approximately $0.4 million decrease in our share of net income from the sale of mountain view research park and mountain view technology parks to us on april 10, 2013. these decreases were partially offset by an approximately $3.5 million increase in our share of net income from our other unconsolidated joint ventures, which was primarily related to increased leasing and occupancy at 540 madison avenue in new york city.
on april 10, 2013, we acquired the mountain view research park and mountain view technology park properties from the value-added fund for an aggregate net purchase price of approximately $233.1 million. prior to the acquisition, our ownership interest in the properties was approximately 39.5%. as a result of the acquisition, we owned 100% of the properties and accounted for them on a consolidated basis.
on may 30, 2013, a joint venture in which we have a 60% interest completed the sale of its 125 west 55th street property located in new york city for a sale price of $470.0 million, including the assumption by the buyer of the mortgage loan collateralized by the property totaling approximately $198.6 million. the mortgage loan bore interest at a fixed rate of 6.09% per annum and was scheduled to mature on march 10, 2020. net cash proceeds totaled approximately $253.7 million, of which our share was approximately $152.2 million, after the payment of transaction costs. 125 west 55th street is a class a office property totaling approximately 588,000 net rentable square feet. we had previously recognized an impairment loss on our investment in the unconsolidated joint venture. as a result, we recognized a gain on sale of real estate totaling approximately $43.2 million. prior to the sale, the property contributed approximately $3.3 million of net income for the year ended december 31, 2013.
on may 31, 2013, our two joint venture partners in 767 venture, llc (the entity that owns 767 fifth avenue (the general motors building) in new york city) transferred all of their interests in the joint venture to third parties. in connection with the transfer, we and our new joint venture partners modified our relative decision making authority and consent rights with respect to the joint venture’s assets and operations. these changes resulted in us having sufficient financial and operating control over 767 venture, llc such that we now account for the assets, liabilities and operations of 767 venture, llc on a consolidated basis in our financial statements instead of under the equity method of accounting. our ownership interest in 767 venture, llc remained unchanged at 60%. prior to the consolidation, the property contributed approximately $7.7 million of net income for the year ended december 31, 2013.
on july 19, 2013, a joint venture in which we have a 50% interest completed the sale of its eighth avenue and 46th street project located in new york city for an imputed sale price of $45.0 million. eighth avenue and 46th street is comprised of an assemblage of land parcels and air-rights. net cash proceeds to us totaled approximately $21.8 million, after the payment of transaction costs. the joint venture had previously recognized an impairment loss on the property. as a result, the joint venture recognized a gain on sale of real estate totaling approximately $12.6 million, of which our share was approximately $11.3 million.
for the consolidated operating results for 767 fifth avenue (the general motors building), mountain view research park and mountain view technology park refer to “results of operations—properties acquired or consolidation portfolio and properties sold portfolio” within “item 7—management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.”
71
gains on consolidation of joint ventures on april 10, 2013, we acquired the mountain view research park and mountain view technology park properties from our value-added fund for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $233.5 million. prior to the acquisition, our ownership interest in the properties was approximately 39.5%. as a result of the acquisition, we own 100% of the properties and account for them on a consolidated basis. during the year ended december 31, 2013, we recognized a gain on consolidation totaling approximately $26.5 million.
on may 31, 2013, our two joint venture partners in 767 venture, llc (the entity that owns 767 fifth avenue (the general motors building) in new york city) transferred all of their interests in the joint venture to third parties. in connection with the transfer, we and our new joint venture partners modified our relative decision making authority and consent rights with respect to the joint venture’s assets and operations. these changes resulted in us having sufficient financial and operating control over 767 venture, llc such that we now account for the assets, liabilities and operations of 767 venture, llc on a consolidated basis in our financial statements instead of under the equity method of accounting. our ownership interest in 767 venture, llc remained unchanged at 60%. during the year ended december 31, 2013, we recognized a non-cash gain on our investment of approximately $359.5 million. the gain on consolidation resulted from us recognizing the assets, liabilities and equity (including noncontrolling interests) of the joint venture at fair value on the date of consolidation resulting in the recognition of a gain on consolidation equal to the difference between the fair value of our equity interest totaling approximately $721.3 million (as reflected in the business combination table appearing in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements) and the carrying value of our previously held equity interest totaling approximately $361.8 million. the fair value was determined based on the purchase price paid by the new joint venture partners through a sales process managed by a major new york city sales brokerage firm.
interest and other income interest and other income increased approximately $0.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to a tax refund we received during the year ended december 31, 2014 from the district of columbia.
gains from investments in securities gains from investments in securities for the year ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 related to investments that we have made to reduce our market risk relating to a deferred compensation plan that we maintain for our officers. under this deferred compensation plan, each officer who is eligible to participate is permitted to defer a portion of the officer’s current income on a pre-tax basis and receive a tax-deferred return on these deferrals based on the performance of specific investments selected by the officer. in order to reduce our market risk relating to this plan, we typically acquire, in a separate account that is not restricted as to its use, similar or identical investments as those selected by each officer. this enables us to generally match our liabilities to our officers under the deferred compensation plan with equivalent assets and thereby limit our market risk. the performance of these investments is recorded as gains from investments in securities. during the year ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, we recognized gains of approximately $1.0 million and $2.9 million, respectively, on these investments. by comparison, our general and administrative expense increased by approximately $1.1 million and $2.9 million during the year ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, as a result of increases in our liability under our deferred compensation plan that were associated with the performance of the specific investments selected by our officers participating in the plan.
gains (losses) from early extinguishments of debt on december 15, 2014, our operating partnership used available cash to redeem $300.0 million in aggregate principal amount of its 5.625% senior notes due 2015 (the “5.625% notes”) and $250.0 million in
72
aggregate principal amount of its 5.000% senior notes due 2015 (the “5.000% notes”). the redemption price for the 5.625% notes was determined in accordance with the applicable indenture and totaled approximately $308.0 million. the redemption price included approximately $2.8 million of accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the redemption date. excluding such accrued and unpaid interest, the redemption price was approximately 101.73% of the principal amount being redeemed. the redemption price for the 5.000% notes was determined in accordance with the applicable indenture and totaled approximately $255.8 million. the redemption price included approximately $0.5 million of accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the redemption date. excluding such accrued and unpaid interest, the redemption price was approximately 102.13% of the principal amount being redeemed. we recognized a loss on early extinguishment of debt totaling approximately $10.6 million, which amount included the payment of the redemption premium totaling approximately $10.5 million.
on april 1, 2013, we used available cash to repay the mortgage loan collateralized by our 140 kendrick street property located in needham, massachusetts totaling approximately $47.6 million. the mortgage loan bore interest at a fixed rate of 7.51% per annum and was scheduled to mature on july 1, 2013. there was no prepayment penalty. we recognized a gain on early extinguishment of debt totaling approximately $0.3 million related to the acceleration of the remaining balance of the historical fair value debt adjustment, which was the result of purchase accounting.
on april 15, 2013, we announced that holders of our operating partnership’s 3.75% exchangeable senior notes due 2036 (the “notes”) had the right to surrender their notes for purchase by our operating partnership (the “put right”) on may 18, 2013. on april 15, 2013, we also announced that our operating partnership issued a notice of redemption to the holders of the notes to redeem, on may 18, 2013 (the “redemption date”), all of the notes outstanding on the redemption date. in connection with the notice of redemption, holders of the notes had the right to exchange their notes on or prior to may 16, 2013. notes with respect to which the put right was not exercised and that were not surrendered for exchange on or prior to may 16, 2013, were redeemed by our operating partnership at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the notes plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date. based on final information provided to our operating partnership by the trustee for the notes, no notes were validly tendered and accepted for purchase in the put right. pursuant to the notice of redemption, an aggregate principal amount of $990,000 of the notes was redeemed on may 18, 2013. the remaining aggregate principal amount of $449,010,000 of the notes was surrendered for exchange and, in addition to the repayment of the principal in cash, we issued an aggregate of 419,116 shares of our common stock in exchange for the notes. we recognized a loss on early extinguishment of debt totaling approximately $0.1 million consisting of transaction costs.
73
interest expense interest expense for the total property portfolio increased approximately $8.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 2013 as detailed below:
component                                                                                                                     change in interest expense for the year ended december 31,
2014
compared to december 31, 2013
(in thousands)
increases to interest expense due to:
interest associated with the consolidation of the $1.6 billion of debt outstanding for 767 fifth avenue (the general motors   $20,993
building)(1)
decrease in capitalized interest (2)                                                                                                           15,677
partner’s share of the interest for the outstanding outside members’ notes payable for 767 fifth avenue (the general                           12,235
motors building) (2)
issuance of $700 million in aggregate principal of our operating partnership’s 3.800% senior notes due 2024 on june 27,                        13,207
2013
issuance of $500 million in aggregate principal of our operating partnership’s 3.125% senior notes due 2023 on                                  4,328
april 11, 2013
total increases to interest expense                                                                                           $66,440
decreases to interest expense due to:
repayment of $747.5 million in aggregate principal of our operating partnership’s 3.625% exchangeable senior notes due        $(25,225                  )
2014
interest expense associated with the accretion of the adjustment for the equity component allocation of our operating                         (20,614   )
partnership’s unsecured exchangeable debt (3)
repurchases/redemption/exchange of $450.0 million in aggregate principal of our operating partnership’s 3.75% exchangeable                     (6,281   )
senior notes due 2036
repayment of mortgage financings (4)                                                                                                           (2,572   )
amortization of finance fees                                                                                                                   (1,698   )
redemption of $300.0 million in aggregate principal of our operating partnership’s 5.625% senior notes due                                       (703   )
2015
redemption of $250.0 million in aggregate principal of our operating partnership’s 5.000% senior notes due                                       (376   )
2015
other interest expense (including senior notes)                                                                                                  (108   )
total decreases to interest expense                                                                                           $(57,577                  )
total change in interest expense                                                                                              $8,863
(1)   this property was consolidated on may 31, 2013. for additional information about the transaction refer to “properties acquired or consolidated portfolio” within “item 7—management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.”

(2)   decrease primarily due to the completion of several development projects including, 300 binney street (formerly seventeen cambridge center), 250 west 55th street, 680
folsom street and the avant at reston town center.

(3)   all of our exchangeable senior notes were repaid as of february 18, 2014. see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements.

(4)   includes the repayment of kingstowne one, 140 kendrick street and new dominion technology park building two.

74
interest expense directly related to the development of rental properties is not included in our operating results. these costs are capitalized and included in real estate assets on our consolidated balance sheets and amortized over the useful lives of the real estate. interest capitalized for the year ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 was approximately $52.5 million and $68.2 million, respectively. these costs are not included in the interest expense referenced above.
we anticipate net interest expense for 2015 will be approximately $415 million to $425 million. this estimate assumes approximately $40 million to $50 million of capitalized interest. these estimates also assume that we will not incur any additional indebtedness, make additional prepayments or repurchases of existing indebtedness and that there will not be any fluctuations in interest rates or any changes in our development activity.
at december 31, 2014, our variable rate debt consisted of our operating partnership’s $1.0 billion unsecured line of credit, of which no amount was outstanding at december 31, 2014. for a summary of our consolidated debt as of december 31, 2014 and december 31, 2013 refer to the heading “liquidity and capital resources—capitalization—debt financing” within “item 7—management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.”
discontinued operations on april 10, 2014, the fasb issued asu 2014-08, “reporting discontinued operations and disclosures of disposals of components of an entity” (“asu 2014-08”). asu 2014-08 clarifies that discontinued operations presentation applies only to disposals representing a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on an entity’s operations and financial results (e.g., a disposal of a major geographical area, a major line of business, a major equity method investment or other major parts of an entity). asu 2014-08 is effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2014. early adoption is permitted, and we early adopted asu 2014-08 during the first quarter of 2014. our adoption of asu 2014-08 resulted in the operating results and gains on sales of real estate from operating properties sold during the year ended december 31, 2014 not being reflected within discontinued operations in our consolidated statements of operations (see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements).
prior to the adoption of asu 2014-08, we had the following properties that were considered discontinued operations for the year ended december 31, 2013: montvale center, 303 almaden boulevard, 1301 new york avenue, 10 & 20 burlington mall road and one preserve parkway. each of these dispositions is discussed below.
on february 20, 2013, the foreclosure sale of our montvale center property was ratified by the court. as a result of the ratification, the mortgage loan totaling $25.0 million was extinguished and the related obligations were satisfied with the transfer of the real estate resulting in the recognition of a gain on forgiveness of debt totaling approximately $20.2 million during the year ended december 31, 2013. the operating results of the property through the date of ratification have been classified as discontinued operations on a historical basis for all periods presented.
on june 28, 2013, we completed the sale of our 303 almaden boulevard property located in san jose, california for a sale price of $40.0 million. net cash proceeds totaled approximately $39.3 million. 303 almaden boulevard is a class a office property totaling approximately 158,000 net rentable square feet. because we entered into the related purchase and sale agreement on march 28, 2013 and the carrying value of the property exceeded its net sale price, we recognized an impairment loss totaling approximately $3.2 million during the three months ended march 31, 2013. as a result, there was no loss on sale of real estate recognized during the year ended december 31, 2013. the impairment loss and operating results of this property have been classified as discontinued operations on a historical basis for all periods presented.
75
on august 22, 2013, we completed the sale of our 1301 new york avenue property located in washington, dc for a net contract sale price of approximately $121.7 million. after adjusting for outstanding lease and other transaction costs assumed by the buyer, the gross sale price was approximately $135.0 million. net cash proceeds totaled approximately $121.5 million, resulting in a gain on sale of approximately $86.4 million. 1301 new york avenue is a class a office property totaling approximately 201,000 net rentable square feet. the operating results of the property through the date of sale have been classified as discontinued operations on a historical basis for all periods presented.
on december 20, 2013, we completed the sale of our 10 & 20 burlington mall road property located in burlington, massachusetts for a sale price of approximately $30.0 million. net cash proceeds totaled approximately $29.4 million, resulting in a gain on sale of approximately $20.5 million. 10 & 20 burlington mall road consists of two class a office properties aggregating approximately 152,000 net rentable square feet. the operating results of the property through the date of sale have been classified as discontinued operations on a historical basis for all periods presented.
on december 20, 2013, we completed the sale of our one preserve parkway property located in rockville, maryland for a sale price of approximately $61.3 million. net cash proceeds totaled approximately $59.9 million, resulting in a gain on sale of approximately $5.9 million. one preserve parkway is a class a office property totaling approximately 184,000 net rentable square feet. the operating results of the property through the date of sale have been classified as discontinued operations on a historical basis for all periods presented.
gains on sales of real estate on july 29, 2014, we completed the sale of our mountain view technology park properties and mountain view research park building sixteen property located in mountain view, california for an aggregate sale price of approximately $92.1 million. net cash proceeds totaled approximately $90.6 million, resulting in a gain on sale of real estate totaling approximately $35.9 million. mountain view technology park is a seven-building complex of office/technical properties aggregating approximately 135,000 net rentable square feet. mountain view research park building sixteen is an office/technical property with approximately 63,000 net rentable square feet.
on august 20, 2014, a portion of the land parcel at our one reston overlook property located in reston, virginia was taken by eminent domain. net cash proceeds totaled approximately $2.6 million, resulting in a gain on sale of real estate totaling approximately $1.2 million.
on august 22, 2014, we completed the sale of a parcel of land within our broad run business park property located in loudoun county, virginia for a sale price of approximately $9.8 million. net cash proceeds totaled approximately $9.7 million, resulting in a gain on sale of real estate totaling approximately $4.3 million. the parcel is an approximately 15.5 acre land parcel subject to a ground lease that was scheduled to expire on october 31, 2048 with a tenant that exercised its purchase option under the ground lease.
on october 2, 2014, we completed the sale of patriots park located in reston, virginia for a gross sale price of $321.0 million. patriots park consists of three class a office properties aggregating approximately 706,000 net rentable square feet. net cash proceeds totaled approximately $319.1 million, resulting in a gain on sale of real estate totaling approximately $84.6 million. we have agreed to provide rent support payments to the buyer with a maximum obligation of up to approximately $12.3 million related to the leasing of 17,762 net rentable square feet at the properties, which has been recorded as a reduction to the gain on sale.
on october 24, 2014, we completed the sale of a parcel of land at 130 third avenue in waltham, massachusetts that is permitted for 129,000 square feet for a sale price of approximately $14.3 million. net cash proceeds totaled approximately $13.6 million, resulting in a gain on sale of real estate totaling approximately $8.3 million.
76
on december 30, 2014, we completed the conveyance to an unrelated third party of a condominium interest in our 75 ames street property located in cambridge, massachusetts. on may 23, 2011, we had entered into a ground lease for the vacant land parcel at 75 ames street and had also entered into a development agreement to serve as project manager for a 250,000 square foot research laboratory building to be developed on the site at the ground lessee’s expense and to also serve, upon completion of development, as property manager. gross proceeds to us were approximately $56.8 million, including $11.4 million in development fees for our services, and were received beginning in may 2011. the cash received under the ground lease was initially recognized as unearned revenue and recognized over the 99-year term of the ground lease as ground lease revenue totaling approximately $459,000 per year prior to the conveyance of the condominium interest. the terms of the ground lease required us to form a condominium for the site upon completion of the development, at which time each party would subject their respective interests in the buildings and land to the condominium and would in turn be conveyed a condominium unit comprised of their respective building as well as an undivided ownership interest in the land. as a result of the conveyance and the transfer of title, we recognized a gain on sale of real estate totaling approximately $33.8 million during the year ended december 31, 2014.
noncontrolling interests in property partnerships noncontrolling interests in property partnerships increased by approximately $29.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 2013 as detailed below.
property                                             date of                                             partners’ noncontrolling interest for the year consolidation                                                                   ended december 31,
2014                                               2013                    change
(in thousands)
505 9th street                                       october 1, 2007                $2,332                 $2,423                         $(91            )
fountain square                                      october 4, 2012                11,083                        6,636                           4,447
767 fifth avenue (the general motors building)       may 31, 2013                  (14,990   )                    (13,531   )                    (1,459   )
times square tower                                   october 9, 2013                26,736                        5,819                          20,917
601 lexington avenue                                 october 30, 2014                3,177                        —                               3,177
100 federal street                                   october 30, 2014                  646                        —                       646
atlantic wharf office building                       october 30, 2014                1,577                        —                               1,577
$30,561                 $1,347                         $29,214
during the year ended december 31, 2014 we made an out-of-period adjustment for our fountain square property of approximately $1.9 million related to the cumulative non-cash adjustment to the accretion of the changes in the redemption value of the noncontrolling interest (see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements).
noncontrolling interest—common units of the operating partnership noncontrolling interest—common units of the operating partnership decreased by approximately $19.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 2013 due to a decrease in allocable income partially offset by an increase in the noncontrolling interest’s ownership percentage.
comparison of the year ended december 31, 2013 to the year ended december 31, 2012
the table below shows selected operating information for the same property portfolio and the total property portfolio. the same property portfolio consists of 126 properties totaling approximately 33.5 million net rentable square feet of space, excluding unconsolidated joint ventures. the same property portfolio includes
77
properties acquired or placed in-service on or prior to january 1, 2012 and owned and in service through december 31, 2013. the total property portfolio includes the effects of the other properties either placed in-service, acquired or in development or redevelopment after january 1, 2012 or disposed of on or prior to december 31, 2013. this table includes a reconciliation from the same property portfolio to the total property portfolio by also providing information for the year ended december 31, 2013 and 2012 with respect to the properties which were placed in-service, acquired or in development or redevelopment.
78
same property portfolio                                         properties                                properties                                 properties                                                                                  total property portfolio acquired                                    placed                                         in or consolidated                                in-service                                development portfolio                                 portfolio                                         or redevelopment portfolio
(dollars in thousands)                                                                         2013                        2012                            increase/                           %        2013                      2012                2013                   2012               2013                    2012                   2013                        2012                                  increase/                       %
(decrease)                     change                                                                                                                                                                                                                (decrease)                  change rental revenue:
rental revenue                                                                                            $1,704,582                  $1,650,516           $54,066                          3.28   %              $289,905                  $61,692            $43,650                $25,141             $2,248                  $7,098                  $2,040,385                  $1,744,447                  $295,938                   16.96   %
termination income                                                                                             2,399                       7,625                   (5,226   )             (68.54   )%                    —                        —                408                  2,571                  —                       —                       2,807                      10,196                    (7,389   )              (72.47   )%
total rental revenue                                                                                       1,706,981                   1,658,141                   48,840                   2.95   %               289,905                   61,692             44,058                 27,712              2,248                   7,098                   2,043,192                   1,754,643                   288,549                   16.44   %
real estate operating expenses                                                                               618,119                     593,976                   24,143                   4.06   %                99,284                   25,378             12,998                  7,604                421                   1,138                     730,822                     628,096                   102,726                   16.36   %
net operating income, excluding residential and hotel                                                      1,088,862                   1,064,165                   24,697                   2.32   %               190,621                   36,314             31,060                 20,108              1,827                   5,960                   1,312,370                   1,126,547                   185,823                   16.49   %
residential net operating income(1)                                                                           10,395                       9,576           819                              8.55   %                     —                        —               (207   )                  —                  —                       —                      10,188                       9,576                       612                    6.39   %
hotel net operating income(1)                                                                                 11,883                       9,795                    2,088                  21.32   %                     —                        —                  —                      —                  —                       —                      11,883                       9,795                     2,088                   21.32   %
consolidated net operating income(1)                                                                       1,111,140                   1,083,536                   27,604                   2.55   %               190,621                   36,314             30,853                 20,108              1,827                   5,960                   1,334,441                   1,145,918                   188,523                   16.45   %
other revenue:
development and management services                                                                                —                           —                        —                      —                         —                        —                  —                      —                  —                       —                      29,695                      34,060                    (4,365   )              (12.82   )%
other expenses:
general and administrative expense                                                                                 —                           —                        —                      —                         —                        —                  —                      —                  —                       —                     115,329                      90,129                    25,200                   27.96   %
transaction costs                                                                                                  —                           —                        —                      —                         —                        —                  —                      —                  —                       —                       1,744                       3,653                    (1,909   )              (52.26   )%
impairment loss                                                                                                    —                           —                        —                      —                         —                        —                  —                      —                  —                       —                       8,306                           —                     8,306                  100.00   %
depreciation and amortization                                                                                405,355                     401,833                    3,522                   0.88   %               135,236                   27,310             15,467                 10,598              4,579                   6,134                     560,637                     445,875                   114,762                   25.74   %
total other expenses                                                                                         405,355                     401,833                    3,522                   0.88   %               135,236                   27,310             15,467                 10,598              4,579                   6,134                     686,016                     539,657                   146,359                   27.12   %
operating income                                                                                             705,785                     681,703                   24,082                   3.53   %                55,385                    9,004             15,386                  9,510             (2,752   )                (174   )                 678,120                     640,321                    37,799                    5.90   %
other income:
income from unconsolidated joint ventures                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     75,074                      49,078                    25,996                   52.97   %
gains on consolidation of joint ventures                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     385,991                           —                   385,991                  100.00   %
interest and other income                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      8,310                      10,091                    (1,781   )              (17.65   )%
gains from investments in securities                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           2,911                       1,389                     1,522                  109.58   %
gains (losses) from early extinguishments of debt                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                122                      (4,453   )                 4,575                  102.74   %
other expenses:
interest expense                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             446,880                     410,970                    35,910                    8.74   %
income from continuing operations                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            703,648                     285,456                   418,192                  146.50   %
discontinued operations:
income from discontinued operations                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            8,022                       9,806                    (1,784   )              (18.19   )%
gains on sales of real estate from discontinued operations                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   112,829                      36,877                    75,952                  205.96   %
gain on forgiveness of debt from discontinued operations                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      20,182                           —                    20,182                  100.00   %
impairment loss from discontinued operations                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  (3,241   )                       —                    (3,241   )             (100.00   )%
net income                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   841,440                     332,139                   509,301                  153.34   %
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests:
noncontrolling interests in property partnerships                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             (1,347   )                  (3,792   )                 2,445                   64.48   %
noncontrolling interest—redeemable preferred units of the operating partnership                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               (6,046   )                  (3,497   )                (2,549   )              (72.89   )%
noncontrolling interest—common units of the operating partnership                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            (70,085   )                 (30,125   )               (39,960   )             (132.65   )%
noncontrolling interest in discontinued operations—common units of the operating partnership                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 (14,151   )                  (5,075   )                (9,076   )             (178.84   )%
net income attributable to boston properties, inc.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          $749,811                    $289,650                  $460,161                  158.87   %
preferred dividends                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           (8,057   )                       —                    (8,057   )             (100.00   )%
net income attributable to boston properties, inc. common shareholders                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      $741,754                    $289,650                  $452,104                  156.09   %
(1)                                      for a detailed discussion of noi, including the reasons management believes noi is useful to investors, see page 61. residential net operating income for the year ended december 31, 2013 and 2012 are comprised of residential revenue of $22,318 and $20,568 less residential expenses of $12,130 and $10,992, respectively. hotel net operating income for the year ended december 31, 2013 and 2012 are comprised of hotel revenue of $40,330 and $37,915 less hotel expenses of $28,447 and $28,120, respectively, per the consolidated statements of operations.

79
same property portfolio rental revenue rental revenue from the same property portfolio increased approximately $54.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to 2012. the increase was primarily the result of an increase of approximately $46.9 million in rental revenue from our leases and increases in parking and other recoveries of approximately $4.9 million and $3.2 million, respectively, partially offset by a decrease in other income of approximately $0.9 million. the increase in parking was primarily related to transient parking. the increase in rental revenue from our leases of approximately $46.9 million was the result of our average revenue increasing by approximately $0.97 per square foot, contributing approximately $29.5 million, and an approximately $17.4 million increase due to an increase in average occupancy from 91.4% to 92.3%.
termination income termination income decreased by approximately $5.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to 2012.
termination income for the year ended december 31, 2013 resulted from the termination of twenty-two tenants across the same property portfolio which totaled approximately $2.4 million, of which approximately $1.0 million was negotiated termination income from one of our reston, virginia properties in order to accommodate growth of an existing tenant.
termination income for the year ended december 31, 2012 resulted from the termination of twenty-eight tenants across the same property portfolio which totaled approximately $7.6 million of which approximately $3.6 million was from the settlement of a bankruptcy claim against a former tenant that rejected our lease in 2009 and approximately $0.9 million was a negotiated termination from one of our reston, virginia properties in order to accommodate growth of an existing tenant.
real estate operating expenses operating expenses from the same property portfolio increased approximately $24.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to 2012 due primarily to (1) an increase of approximately $13.9 million, or 5.3%, in real estate taxes, which increases primarily occurred in our boston and new york regions, (2) an increase of approximately $4.9 million, or 5.3%, in utilities expense, that was primarily due to an increase in the delivery rate for steam in the boston region, (3) an increase of approximately $5.3 million, or 5.8%, in property repairs and maintenance expense and (4) an increase of approximately $3.2 million, or 2.3%, in other operating expenses. this was partially offset by an approximately $3.2 million cumulative non-cash straight-line adjustment for ground rent expense that occurred in 2012 and did not recur in 2013.
we have modified the presentation of expenses to operate our san francisco and princeton regional offices to reflect the growing activity in our san francisco region and to have a consistent presentation across our company. these expenses, which totaled approximately $8.1 million and $7.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, were previously included in rental operating expenses and are now included in general and administrative expenses for all periods presented.
depreciation and amortization expense depreciation and amortization expense for the same property portfolio increased approximately $3.5 million, or 0.9%, for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to 2012.
80
properties acquired or consolidated portfolio on march 1, 2012, we acquired 453 ravendale drive located in mountain view, california for a purchase price of approximately $6.7 million in cash. 453 ravendale drive is an approximately 30,000 net rentable square foot office/technical property.
on march 13, 2012, we acquired 100 federal street in boston, massachusetts for an aggregate investment of approximately $615.0 million in cash. in connection with the transaction, we entered into a long-term lease with an affiliate of bank of america for approximately 732,000 square feet. 100 federal street is an approximately 1,265,000 net rentable square foot, 37-story class a office tower.
on october 4, 2012, we completed the formation of a joint venture which owns and operates fountain square located in reston, virginia, adjacent to our other reston properties. fountain square is an office and retail complex aggregating approximately 756,000 net rentable square feet, comprised of approximately 522,000 net rentable square feet of class a office space and approximately 234,000 net rentable square feet of retail space. we own 50% of, and are consolidating, the joint venture.
on april 10, 2013, we acquired the mountain view research park and mountain view technology park properties from the value-added fund for an aggregate net purchase price of approximately $233.1 million. prior to the acquisition, our ownership interest in the properties was approximately 39.5%. as a result of the acquisition, we owned 100% of the properties and accounted for them on a consolidated basis. mountain view research park is an approximately 604,000 net rentable square foot, sixteen building office/technical complex. mountain view technology park is an approximately 135,000 net rentable square foot, seven building office/technical complex.
on may 31, 2013, our two joint venture partners in 767 venture, llc (the entity that owns 767 fifth avenue (the general motors building) in new york city) transferred all of their interests in the joint venture to third parties. in connection with the transfer, we and our new joint venture partners modified our relative decision making authority and consent rights with respect to the joint venture’s assets and operations. these changes resulted in us having sufficient financial and operating control over 767 venture, llc such that we now account for the assets, liabilities and operations of 767 venture, llc on a consolidated basis in our financial statements instead of under the equity method of accounting. our ownership interest in 767 venture, llc remained unchanged at 60%. 767 fifth avenue (the general motors building) is an approximately 1.8 million net rentable square foot, 59-story class a office tower.
rental revenue rental revenue from our properties acquired or consolidated portfolio increased approximately $228.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to 2012, as detailed below:
property                                             date acquired         rental revenue for the year ended december 31,
2013                                          2012                  change
(in thousands)
453 ravendale drive                                  march 1, 2012         $582                       $494                       $88
100 federal street                                   march 13, 2012                67,848                   52,529                       15,319
fountain square                                      october 4, 2012               37,035                   8,669                        28,366
mountain view research park                          april 10, 2013                13,508                   —                            13,508
mountain view technology park                        april 10, 2013                 3,168                   —                             3,168
767 fifth avenue (the general motors building)       may 31, 2013                 167,764                   —                           167,764
total                                                                      $289,905                   $61,692                    $228,213
81
real estate operating expenses real estate operating expenses from our properties acquired or consolidated portfolio increased approximately $73.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to 2012, as detailed below:
property                                             date acquired                                             real estate operating expenses for the year ended december 31,
2013                                          2012                  change
(in thousands)
453 ravendale drive                                  march 1, 2012                 $161               $149                                $12
100 federal street                                   march 13, 2012              28,704                     22,141                      6,563
fountain square                                      october 4, 2012             12,411                     3,088                       9,323
mountain view research park                          april 10, 2013               2,996                     —                           2,996
mountain view technology park                        april 10, 2013                 554                     —                             554
767 fifth avenue (the general motors building)       may 31, 2013                54,458                     —                          54,458
total                                                                           $99,284               $25,378                         $73,906
depreciation and amortization expense depreciation and amortization expense for our properties acquired or consolidated portfolio increased by approximately $107.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to 2012 as a result of the acquisition or consolidation of properties after december 31, 2012, as well as the additional depreciation expense incurred for the year ended december 31, 2013 associated with 453 ravendale drive, 100 federal street and fountain square, which were acquired on march 1, 2012, march 13, 2012 and october 4, 2012, respectively, and, as a result, were not recognizing depreciation expense for the full year ended december 31, 2012.
for a discussion of the operating results for 767 fifth avenue (the general motors building), mountain view research park and mountain view technology park for the period prior to consolidation / acquisition refer to “results of operations—other income and expense items—income from unconsolidated joint ventures” within “item 7—management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.”
properties placed in-service portfolio we had six properties that were placed in-service or partially placed in-service between january 1, 2012 and december 31, 2013. the square footage amount for the four properties that are fully placed in-service is approximately 1.1 million. one and two patriots park is a two-phase redevelopment project for a single tenant.
82
rental revenue rental revenue from our properties placed in-service portfolio increased approximately $16.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to 2012, as detailed below:
property                                                  quarter initially                     quarter fully placed                                              rental revenue for the placed                                in-service                                                       year ended december 31, in-service
2013                                  2012                                           change
(in thousands)
office
510 madison avenue                                                   second quarter, 2011       second quarter, 2012            $22,141              $19,577                      $2,564
one and two patriots park                                            second quarter, 2012       second quarter, 2012             15,889                    8,135                   7,754
(phase i) and first        (phase i) and first quarter, 2013              quarter, 2013
(phase ii)                 (phase ii)
300 binney street (formerly seventeen cambridge center)              second quarter, 2013       second quarter, 2013              5,717                    —                       5,717
250 west 55th street                                                 third quarter, 2013        n/a                                 311                    —                         311
$44,058              $27,712                     $16,346
residential the avant at reston town center                                      fourth quarter, 2013       n/a                                $157              $—                             $157
total                                                                                                                           $44,215              $27,712                     $16,503
termination income included above for the year ended december 31, 2013 is approximately $0.4 million of termination income related to two tenants, of which approximately $0.3 million was related to a retail tenant at our 510 madison avenue building.
included above for the year ended december 31, 2012 is the remaining approximately $2.6 million of termination income related to lease amendments we signed on july 1, 2011 with the existing tenant at our three-building patriots park complex on sunrise valley drive in reston, virginia. under the amendments, the existing tenant terminated early its leases for approximately 523,000 square feet at the complex and was responsible for certain payments to us aggregating approximately $15.7 million.
83
real estate operating expenses real estate operating expenses from our properties placed in-service portfolio increased approximately $5.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to 2012, as detailed below:
property                                                  quarter initially                     quarter fully placed                                                           real estate placed                                in-service                                                              operating expenses in-service                                                                                       for the year ended december 31,
2013                                  2012                                           change
(in thousands)
office
510 madison avenue                                                   second quarter, 2011       second quarter, 2012            $7,082               $6,223                           $859
one and two patriots park                                            second quarter, 2012       second quarter, 2012             4,223                     1,381                     2,842
(phase i) and first        (phase i) and first quarter, 2013              quarter, 2013
(phase ii)                 (phase ii)
300 binney street (formerly seventeen cambridge center)              second quarter, 2013       second quarter, 2013               353                     —                           353
250 west 55th street                                                 third quarter, 2013        n/a                              1,340                     —                         1,340
$12,998               $7,604                         $5,394
residential the avant at reston town center                                      fourth quarter, 2013       n/a                               $364               $—                               $364
total                                                                                                                          $13,362               $7,604                         $5,758
depreciation and amortization expense depreciation and amortization expense for our properties placed in-service portfolio increased by approximately $4.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to 2012.
properties in development or redevelopment portfolio at december 31, 2013 and 2012, the properties in development or redevelopment portfolio consisted primarily of our 601 massachusetts avenue property located in washington, dc.
on april 25, 2013, we commenced development of our 601 massachusetts avenue property, which is expected to be completed during the fourth quarter of 2015. prior to the commencement of development, this building was operational and, during the year ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, had revenue of approximately $2.2 million and $7.1 million, respectively, and operating expenses of approximately $0.4 million and $1.1 million, respectively. in addition, the decrease in depreciation expense of approximately $1.6 million is the result of the property being taken out of service on april 25, 2013 and therefore not incurring a full year of depreciation expense.
other operating income and expense items residential net operating income net operating income for our residential properties increased by approximately $0.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to 2012.
the following reflects our occupancy and rate information for the lofts at atlantic wharf, the residences on the avenue for the year ended december 31, 2013 and 2012. the avant at reston town center was partially
84
placed in-service during the fourth quarter of 2013 and therefore no statistics on occupancy and rate information are being disclosed.
the lofts at atlantic wharf                                            residences on the avenue
2013                 2012                          percentage       2013                 2012                          percentage change                                                              change average physical occupancy (1)                          98.6    %             95.8    %                  2.9   %            93.4    %             90.0    %                  3.8   %
average economic occupancy (2)                          97.6    %             92.0    %                  6.1   %            93.0    %             89.2    %                  4.3   %
average monthly rental rate (3)                       $3,778                $3,640                       3.8   %          $3,295                $3,213                       2.6   %
average rental rate per occupied square foot           $4.20                 $4.08                       2.9   %           $4.04                 $3.94                       2.5   %
(1)   average physical occupancy is defined as the average number of occupied units divided by the total number of units, expressed as a percentage.

(2)                                             average economic occupancy is defined as total possible revenue less vacancy loss as a percentage of total possible revenue. total possible revenue is determined by valuing average occupied units at contract rates and average vacant units at market rents. vacancy loss is determined by valuing vacant units at current market rents. by measuring vacant units at their market rents, average economic occupancy takes into account the fact that units of different sizes and locations within a residential property have different economic impacts on a residential property’s total possible gross revenue. market rents used by us in calculating economic occupancy are based on the current market rates set by the managers of our residential properties based on their experience in renting their residential property’s units and publicly available market data. trends in market rents for a region as reported by others could vary. market rents for a period are based on the average market rents during that period and do not reflect any impact for cash concessions.

(3)   average monthly rental rates are calculated by us as rental revenue in accordance with gaap, divided by the weighted monthly average number of occupied units.

hotel net operating income net operating income for the boston marriott cambridge (formerly cambridge center marriott) hotel property increased by approximately $2.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to 2012 due primarily to improvements in revenue per available room (“revpar”) and occupancy.
the following reflects our occupancy and rate information for the boston marriott cambridge (formerly cambridge center marriott) hotel for the year ended december 31, 2013 and 2012.
2013                2012                   percentage change occupancy                     79.8   %            78.8   %             1.3   %
average daily rate         $233.95             $226.58                 3.3   %
revpar                     $186.71             $178.66                 4.5   %
development and management services development and management services income decreased approximately $4.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to 2012. the decrease was due to decreases in development and management fee income of approximately $1.4 million and $3.0 million, respectively. the decrease in development fees is primarily due to a decrease in fees associated with tenant improvement project management. the net decrease in management fees is due primarily to a decrease in management fees earned from our joint ventures primarily due to the consolidation/acquisition of 767 fifth avenue (the general motors building) and the mountain view assets and the sale of 125 west 55th street in new york city, partially offset by an increase in tenant service income.
85
general and administrative general and administrative expenses increased approximately $25.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to 2012. on march 11, 2013, we announced that owen d. thomas would succeed mortimer b. zuckerman as our chief executive officer, effective april 2, 2013. mr. zuckerman continued to serve as executive chairman for a transition period and as of january 1, 2015 mr. zuckerman serves as the non-executive chairman of the board. in connection with the succession, mr. zuckerman entered into a transition benefits agreement with us. the agreement provided that if mr. zuckerman remains employed by us through july 1, 2014, he would be entitled to receive, on january 1, 2015, a lump sum cash payment of $6.7 million and an equity award with a targeted value of approximately $11.1 million. the cash payment and equity award vested one-third on each of march 10, 2013, october 1, 2013 and july 1, 2014. as a result, we recognized approximately $13.8 million of compensation expense during the year ended december 31, 2013. we recognized approximately $4.0 million of compensation expense over the remaining vesting period and, accordingly, expensed approximately $4.0 million in 2014. in addition, during the year ended december 31, 2013, we accelerated the remaining approximately $12.9 million of stock-based compensation expense associated with mr. zuckerman’s unvested long-term equity awards. during the year ended december 31, 2012, we recognized approximately $4.6 million of amortization that occurred prior to the accelerated vesting of the $12.9 million of stock-based compensation expense associated with the transition benefits agreement. the remaining increase was primarily due to (1) an approximately $2.6 million increase related to the issuance of the 2013 myltip units and non-qualified stock options, (2) an approximately $1.3 million increase in health insurance costs, (3) an approximately $1.7 million increase in the value of our deferred compensation plan, (4) an approximately $0.8 million increases in taxes and (5) an approximately $3.1 million increase in other general and administrative expenses, which includes compensation expenses. this increase was partially offset by (1) approximately $1.9 million of amortization that occurred for a member of senior management in 2012 that did not recur in 2013 due to the fact that this person reached retirement age and therefore became fully vested in time-based equity awards and we no longer recognized expense on a quarterly basis and (2) our recognition of approximately $4.5 million of expense during the first quarter of 2012 in connection with the resignation of e. mitchell norville, our chief operating officer, on february 29, 2012, which did not recur in 2013.
we have modified the presentation of expenses to operate our san francisco and princeton regional offices to reflect the growing activity in our san francisco region and to have a consistent presentation across our company. these expenses, which totaled approximately $8.1 million and $7.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, were previously included in rental operating expenses and are now included in general and administrative expenses for all periods presented.
wages directly related to the development of rental properties are not included in our operating results. these costs are capitalized and included in real estate assets on our consolidated balance sheets and amortized over the useful lives of the real estate. capitalized wages for the year ended december 31, 2013 and 2012 were approximately $12.8 million and $12.7 million, respectively. these costs are not included in the general and administrative expenses discussed above.
transaction costs during the year ended december 31, 2013 we incurred approximately $1.7 million of transaction costs of which approximately $0.6 million related to the acquisition of the mountain view research park and mountain view technology park properties in mountain view, california, approximately $0.4 million related to salesforce tower in san francisco, california, approximately $0.5 million related to transaction costs for transactions in new york city and approximately $0.2 million related to the pursuit of other transactions.
during the year ended december 31, 2012, we incurred approximately $3.7 million of transaction pursuit costs of which approximately $0.6 million related to the acquisition of 680 folsom street in san francisco, california, approximately $0.5 million related to the acquisition of fountain square in reston, virginia,
86
approximately $0.3 million related to the forming of a joint venture to pursue the acquisition of land in san francisco, california to construct the salesforce tower, approximately $0.6 million related to the acquisition of 100 federal street in boston, massachusetts and approximately $1.7 million related to the pursuit of other transactions.
impairment loss on march 28, 2013, we executed a binding contract for the sale of our 303 almaden boulevard property located in san jose, california for a sale price of $40.0 million. the pending sale of this asset caused us to evaluate our strategy for development of the adjacent almaden land parcel which can accommodate approximately 840,000 square feet of office development. based on a shorter than expected hold period, we reduced the carrying value of the land parcel to its fair market value and recognized an impairment loss of approximately $8.3 million during the three months ended march 31, 2013.
other income and expense items income from unconsolidated joint ventures for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to 2012, income from unconsolidated joint ventures increased by approximately $26.0 million due primarily to (1) an increase of approximately $41.1 million in our share of net income from the sale of 125 west 55th street on may 30, 2013 and (2) an increase of approximately $11.3 million in our share of net income from the sale of the eighth avenue and 46th street project in new york city partially offset by the following: (1) an approximately $21.0 million decrease in our share of net income from 767 fifth avenue (the general motors building) related to the consolidation on june 1, 2013 and termination income that was received during 2012 that did not recur in 2013, (2) an approximately $3.2 million decrease in our share of net income from 540 madison avenue due to lease expirations, (3) an approximately $1.1 million decrease in our share of net income from the value-added fund due to our acquisition of the mountain view assets on april 10, 2013 which includes approximately $0.2 million of gain recognized during 2012 related to the sale of 300 billerica road in chelmsford, massachusetts and (4) an approximately $1.1 million decrease in our share of net income from our other unconsolidated joint ventures.
on july 19, 2013, a joint venture in which we have a 50% interest completed the sale of its eighth avenue and 46th street project located in new york city for an imputed sale price of $45.0 million. eighth avenue and 46th street is comprised of an assemblage of land parcels and air-rights. net cash proceeds to us totaled approximately $21.8 million, after the payment of transaction costs. the joint venture had previously recognized an impairment loss on the property. as a result, the joint venture recognized a gain on sale of real estate totaling approximately $12.6 million, of which our share was approximately $11.3 million.
on may 31, 2013, our two joint venture partners in 767 venture, llc (the entity that owns 767 fifth avenue (the general motors building) in new york city) transferred all of their interests in the joint venture to third parties. in connection with the transfer, we and our new joint venture partners modified our relative decision making authority and consent rights with respect to the joint venture’s assets and operations. these changes resulted in us having sufficient financial and operating control over 767 venture, llc such that we now account for the assets, liabilities and operations of 767 venture, llc on a consolidated basis in our financial statements instead of under the equity method of accounting. our ownership interest in 767 venture, llc remained unchanged at 60%. due to the consolidation effective june 1, 2013, only five months of activity are being shown for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to a full year in 2012 resulting in a decrease in income from unconsolidated joint ventures of approximately $9.2 million. in aggregate, the total decrease, which includes the termination income detailed below, and the decrease in income due to consolidation is approximately $21.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to 2012.
87
on may 14, 2012, an unconsolidated joint venture in which we have a 60% interest entered into a lease termination agreement with an existing tenant at 767 fifth avenue (the general motors building) in new york city. under the agreement, the tenant terminated early its lease for approximately 36,000 square feet at the building and is responsible for certain payments to the unconsolidated joint venture aggregating approximately $28.4 million through may 1, 2014 (of which our share is approximately $17.0 million). as a result of the termination, we recognized termination income totaling approximately $11.8 million (which is net of the write-off of the accrued straight-line rent balance) during the year ended ended december 31, 2012.
on may 30, 2013, a joint venture in which we have a 60% interest completed the sale of its 125 west 55th street property located in new york city for a sale price of $470.0 million, including the assumption by the buyer of the mortgage loan collateralized by the property totaling approximately $198.6 million. the mortgage loan bore interest at a fixed rate of 6.09% per annum and was scheduled to mature on march 10, 2020. net cash proceeds totaled approximately $253.7 million, of which our share was approximately $152.2 million, after the payment of transaction costs. 125 west 55th street is a class a office property totaling approximately 588,000 net rentable square feet. we had previously recognized an impairment loss on our investment in the unconsolidated joint venture. as a result, we recognized a gain on sale of real estate totaling approximately $43.2 million. due to the sale on may 30, 2013, only five months of activity are being shown for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to a full year in 2012 resulting in a decrease in income from unconsolidated joint ventures of approximately $2.1 million.
on april 10, 2013, we acquired the mountain view research park and mountain view technology park properties from the value-added fund for an aggregate net purchase price of approximately $233.1 million. prior to the acquisition, our ownership interest in the properties was approximately 39.5%. as a result of the acquisition, we owned 100% of the properties and accounted for them on a consolidated basis. due to the acquisition, the value-added fund, excluding the gain on the sale of 300 billerica road in chelmsford, massachusetts, contributed an approximately $1.3 million loss to our share of the income for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to 2012.
for the consolidated operating results for 767 fifth avenue (the general motors building), mountain view research park and mountain view technology park refer to “results of operations—properties acquired portfolio” within “item 7—management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.”
gains on consolidation of joint ventures on april 10, 2013, we acquired the mountain view research park and mountain view technology park properties from our value-added fund for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $233.5 million. prior to the acquisition, our ownership interest in the properties was approximately 39.5%. as a result of the acquisition, we own 100% of the properties and account for them on a consolidated basis. during the year ended december 31, 2013, we recognized a gain on consolidation totaling approximately $26.5 million.
on may 31, 2013, our two joint venture partners in 767 venture, llc (the entity that owns 767 fifth avenue (the general motors building) in new york city) transferred all of their interests in the joint venture to third parties. in connection with the transfer, we and our new joint venture partners modified our relative decision making authority and consent rights with respect to the joint venture’s assets and operations. these changes resulted in us having sufficient financial and operating control over 767 venture, llc such that we now account for the assets, liabilities and operations of 767 venture, llc on a consolidated basis in our financial statements instead of under the equity method of accounting. our ownership interest in 767 venture, llc remained unchanged at 60%. during the year ended december 31, 2013, we recognized a non-cash gain on our investment of approximately $359.5 million. the gain on consolidation resulted from us recognizing the assets, liabilities and equity (including noncontrolling interests) of the joint venture at fair value on the date of consolidation resulting in the recognition of a gain on consolidation equal to the difference between the fair value
88
of our equity interest totaling approximately $721.3 million (as reflected in the business combination table appearing in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements) and the carrying value of our previously held equity interest totaling approximately $361.8 million. the fair value was determined based on the purchase price paid by the new joint venture partners through a sales process managed by a major new york city sales brokerage firm.
interest and other income interest and other income decreased approximately $1.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to 2012, of which $1.1 million was related to an insurance claim that we received during 2012 that did not recur in 2013 and the remaining decrease of approximately $0.7 million related to interest income. the decrease in interest income was due primarily to interest income that we recognized related to the loans that we made to our value-added fund. on april 10, 2013 we acquired the mountain view properties from the value-added fund and the loans were repaid. the loans to the value-added fund had been reflected in related party note receivable on our consolidated financial statements.
gains from investments in securities gains from investments in securities for the year ended december 31, 2013 and 2012 related to investments that we have made to reduce our market risk relating to a deferred compensation plan that we maintain for our officers. under this deferred compensation plan, each officer who is eligible to participate is permitted to defer a portion of the officer’s current income on a pre-tax basis and receive a tax-deferred return on these deferrals based on the performance of specific investments selected by the officer. in order to reduce our market risk relating to this plan, we typically acquire, in a separate account that is not restricted as to its use, similar or identical investments as those selected by each officer. this enables us to generally match our liabilities to our officers under the deferred compensation plan with equivalent assets and thereby limit our market risk. the performance of these investments is recorded as gains from investments in securities. during the year ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, we recognized gains of approximately $2.9 million and $1.4 million, respectively, on these investments. by comparison, our general and administrative expense increased by approximately $2.9 million and $1.3 million during the year ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, as a result of increases in our liability under our deferred compensation plan that were associated with the performance of the specific investments selected by our officers participating in the plan.
gains (losses) from early extinguishments of debt for the year ended december 31, 2013, we had a gain from early extinguishments of debt of approximately $0.1 million due to the following transactions:
on april 15, 2013, we announced that holders of our operating partnership’s 3.75% exchangeable senior notes due 2036 (the “notes”) had the right to surrender their notes for purchase by our operating partnership (the “put right”) on may 18, 2013. on april 15, 2013, we also announced that our operating partnership issued a notice of redemption to the holders of the notes to redeem, on may 18, 2013 (the “redemption date”), all of the notes outstanding on the redemption date. in connection with the notice of redemption, holders of the notes had the right to exchange their notes on or prior to may 16, 2013. notes with respect to which the put right was not exercised and that were not surrendered for exchange on or prior to may 16, 2013, were redeemed by our operating partnership at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the notes plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date. based on final information provided to our operating partnership by the trustee for the notes, no notes were validly tendered and accepted for purchase in the put right. pursuant to the notice of redemption, an aggregate principal amount of $990,000 of the notes was redeemed on may 18, 2013. the remaining aggregate principal amount of $449,010,000 of the notes was surrendered for exchange and, in addition to the repayment of the principal in cash, we issued an aggregate of
89
419,116 shares of our common stock in exchange for the notes. we recognized a loss on early extinguishment of debt totaling approximately $0.1 million consisting of transaction costs.
on april 1, 2013, we used available cash to repay the mortgage loan collateralized by our 140 kendrick street property located in needham, massachusetts totaling approximately $47.6 million. the mortgage loan bore interest at a fixed rate of 7.51% per annum and was scheduled to mature on july 1, 2013. there was no prepayment penalty. we recognized a gain on early extinguishment of debt totaling approximately $0.3 million related to the acceleration of the remaining balance of the historical fair value debt adjustment, which was the result of purchase accounting.
for the year ended december 31, 2012, we had a loss from early extinguishments of debt of approximately $4.5 million due to the following transactions:
on september 4, 2012, we used available cash to repay the mortgage loan collateralized by our sumner square property located in washington, dc totaling approximately $23.2 million. the mortgage financing bore interest at a fixed rate of 7.35% per annum and was scheduled to mature on september 1, 2013. we recognized a loss on early extinguishment of debt totaling approximately $0.3 million, which included a prepayment penalty totaling approximately $0.2 million associated with the early repayment.
on august 24, 2012, our operating partnership used available cash to redeem the remaining $225.0 million in aggregate principal amount of its 6.25% senior notes due 2013. the redemption price was determined in accordance with the applicable indenture and totaled approximately $231.6 million. the redemption price included approximately $1.5 million of accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the redemption date. excluding such accrued and unpaid interest, the redemption price was approximately 102.25% of the principal amount being redeemed. we recognized a loss on early extinguishment of debt totaling approximately $5.2 million, which amount included the payment of the redemption premium totaling approximately $5.1 million.
on april 2, 2012, we used available cash to repay the mortgage loan collateralized by our one freedom square property located in reston, virginia totaling $65.1 million. the mortgage financing bore interest at a fixed rate of 7.75% per annum and was scheduled to mature on june 30, 2012. there was no prepayment penalty. we recognized a gain on early extinguishment of debt totaling approximately $0.3 million related to the acceleration of the remaining balance of the historical fair value debt adjustment, which was the result of purchase accounting.
on march 12, 2012, we used available cash to repay the mortgage loan collateralized by our bay colony corporate center property located in waltham, massachusetts totaling $143.9 million. the mortgage financing bore interest at a fixed rate of 6.53% per annum and was scheduled to mature on june 11, 2012. there was no prepayment penalty. we recognized a gain on early extinguishment of debt totaling approximately $0.9 million related to the acceleration of the remaining balance of the historical fair value debt adjustment, which was the result of purchase accounting.
in connection with the repurchase and redemption in february 2012 of our operating partnership’s 2.875% exchangeable senior notes due 2037, we recognized a loss on early extinguishment of debt of approximately $0.1 million related to the expensing of transaction related costs.
90
interest expense interest expense for the total property portfolio increased approximately $35.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to 2012 as detailed below:
component                                                                                                                     change in interest expense for the year ended december 31, 2013
compared to december 31, 2012
(in thousands)
increases to interest expense due to:
interest associated with the consolidation of the $1.6 billion of debt outstanding for 767 fifth avenue (the general motors   $31,397
building)
issuance of $1.0 billion in aggregate principal of our operating partnership’s 3.850% senior notes due 2023 on june 11,                    17,173
2012
partner’s share of the interest for the outstanding outside members’ notes payable for 767 fifth avenue (the general                       16,044
motors building)
issuance of $700 million in aggregate principal of our operating partnership’s 3.800% senior notes due 2024 on june 27,                    13,634
2013
issuance of $500 million in aggregate principal of our operating partnership’s 3.125% senior notes due 2023 on                             11,514
april 11, 2013
new mortgage/properties placed in-service financings                                                                                        4,572
total increases to interest expense                                                                                           $94,334
decreases to interest expense due to:
increase in capitalized interest                                                                                              $(23,873              )
repurchases/redemption/exchange of $450.0 million in aggregate principal of our operating partnership’s 3.75% exchangeable                (10,594   )
senior notes due 2036
redemption of $225.0 million in aggregate principal of our operating partnership’s 6.25% senior notes due                                  (8,014   )
2013
repayment of mortgage financings                                                                                                           (6,418   )
interest expense associated with the accretion of the adjustment for the equity component allocation of our unsecured                      (6,004   )
exchangeable debt repurchases/redemption of $576.2 million in aggregate principal of our operating partnership’s 2.875% exchangeable senior                  (3,053   )
notes due 2037
other interest expense (excluding senior notes)                                                                                              (468   )
total decreases to interest expense                                                                                           $(58,424              )
total change in interest expense                                                                                              $35,910
the following property is included in the new mortgages/properties placed in-service financings line item: fountain square. the following properties are included in the repayment of mortgage financings line item: bay colony corporate center, one freedom square, sumner square, kingstowne one and 140 kendrick street. as properties are placed in-service, we cease capitalizing interest and interest is then expensed.
interest expense directly related to the development of rental properties is not included in our operating results. these costs are capitalized and included in real estate assets on our consolidated balance sheets and amortized over the useful lives of the real estate. interest capitalized for the year ended december 31, 2013 and 2012 was approximately $68.2 million and $44.3 million, respectively. these costs are not included in the interest expense referenced above.
at december 31, 2013, our variable rate debt consisted of our operating partnership’s $1.0 billion unsecured line of credit, of which no amount was outstanding at december 31, 2013.
91
discontinued operations on december 20, 2013, we completed the sale of our 10 & 20 burlington mall road property located in burlington, massachusetts for a sale price of approximately $30.0 million. net cash proceeds totaled approximately $29.4 million, resulting in a gain on sale of approximately $20.5 million. 10 & 20 burlington mall road consists of two class a office properties aggregating approximately 152,000 net rentable square feet. the operating results of the property through the date of sale have been classified as discontinued operations on a historical basis for all periods presented.
on december 20, 2013, we completed the sale of our one preserve parkway property located in rockville, maryland for a sale price of approximately $61.3 million. net cash proceeds totaled approximately $59.9 million, resulting in a gain on sale of approximately $5.9 million. one preserve parkway is a class a office property totaling approximately 184,000 net rentable square feet. the operating results of the property through the date of sale have been classified as discontinued operations on a historical basis for all periods presented.
on august 22, 2013, we completed the sale of our 1301 new york avenue property located in washington, dc for a net contract sale price of approximately $121.7 million. after adjusting for outstanding lease and other transaction costs assumed by the buyer, the gross sale price was approximately $135.0 million. net cash proceeds totaled approximately $121.5 million, resulting in a gain on sale of approximately $86.4 million. 1301 new york avenue is a class a office property totaling approximately 201,000 net rentable square feet. the operating results of the property through the date of sale have been classified as discontinued operations on a historical basis for all periods presented.
on june 28, 2013, we completed the sale of our 303 almaden boulevard property located in san jose, california for a sale price of $40.0 million. net cash proceeds totaled approximately $39.3 million. 303 almaden boulevard is a class a office property totaling approximately 158,000 net rentable square feet. because we entered into the related purchase and sale agreement on march 28, 2013 and the carrying value of the property exceeded its net sale price, we recognized an impairment loss totaling approximately $3.2 million during the three months ended march 31, 2013. as a result, there was no loss on sale of real estate recognized during the year ended december 31, 2013. the impairment loss and operating results of this property have been classified as discontinued operations on a historical basis for all periods presented.
on february 20, 2013, the foreclosure sale of our montvale center property was ratified by the court. as a result of the ratification, the mortgage loan totaling $25.0 million was extinguished and the related obligations were satisfied with the transfer of the real estate resulting in the recognition of a gain on forgiveness of debt totaling approximately $20.2 million during the year ended december 31, 2013. the operating results of the property through the date of ratification have been classified as discontinued operations on a historical basis for all periods presented.
on may 17, 2012, we completed the sale of our bedford business park properties located in bedford, massachusetts for approximately $62.8 million in cash. net cash proceeds totaled approximately $62.0 million, resulting in a gain on sale of approximately $36.9 million. bedford business park is comprised of two office/technical buildings and one class a office building aggregating approximately 470,000 net rentable square feet. the operating results of the property through the date of sale have been classified as discontinued operations on a historical basis for all periods presented.
92
noncontrolling interests in property partnerships noncontrolling interests in property partnerships decreased by approximately $2.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to 2012 as detailed below:
property                                             date of               partners’ noncontrolling interest consolidation         for the year ended december 31,
2013                                           2012                 change
(in thousands)
505 9th street                                       october 1, 2007       $2,423                      $1,989                    $434
fountain square                                      october 4, 2012               6,636                     1,803                       4,833
767 fifth avenue (the general motors building)       may 31, 2013                (13,531   )                 —                         (13,531   )
times square tower                                   october 9, 2013               5,819                     —                           5,819
$1,347                      $3,792                    $(2,445         )
noncontrolling interest—common units of the operating partnership noncontrolling interest—common units of the operating partnership increased by approximately $40.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to 2012 due to a increase in allocable income partially offset by a decrease in the noncontrolling interest’s ownership percentage.
liquidity and capital resources general our principal liquidity needs for the next twelve months and beyond are to:
•   fund normal recurring expenses;

•   meet debt service and principal repayment obligations, including balloon payments on maturing debt;

•   fund capital expenditures, including major renovations, tenant improvements and leasing costs;

•   fund development costs;

•   fund dividend requirements on our series b preferred stock;

•   redeem our operating partnership’s series four preferred units:

•   fund possible property acquisitions; and

•   make the minimum distribution required to maintain our reit qualification under the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended.

we expect to satisfy these needs using one or more of the following:
•   cash flow from operations;

•   distribution of cash flows from joint ventures;

•   cash and cash equivalent balances;

•   issuances of our equity securities and/or additional preferred or common units of partnership interest in our operating partnership;

•   our operating partnership’s unsecured line of credit or other short-term bridge facilities;

•   construction loans;

•   long-term secured and unsecured indebtedness (including unsecured exchangeable indebtedness); and

•   sales of real estate.

93
we draw on multiple financing sources to fund our long-term capital needs. our current consolidated development properties are expected to be funded with our available cash balances. our operating partnership’s unsecured line of credit is utilized primarily as a bridge facility to fund acquisition opportunities, refinance outstanding indebtedness and meet short-term development and working capital needs. although we generally seek to fund our development projects with construction loans, which may be guaranteed by our operating partnership, the financing for each particular project ultimately depends on several factors, including, among others, the project’s size and duration, the extent of pre-leasing and our available cash and access to cost effective capital at the given time.
the following table presents information on properties under construction as of december 31, 2014 (dollars in thousands):
construction properties   estimated              location                   # of   square                 investment            estimated      percentage stabilization                                buildings   feet                   to date(1)                total       leased(2)
date                                                                                              investment(1)
annapolis junction building seven (50% ownership) (3)   third quarter, 2015    annapolis, md                 1           125,000           $14,588              $17,500             100   %
690 folsom street (4)   fourth quarter, 2015   san francisco, ca             1            25,000            13,271               17,900              58   %
prudential retail expansion   fourth quarter, 2015   boston, ma                    —            15,000               336               10,330               —   %
804 carnegie center   first quarter, 2016    princeton, nj                 1           130,000            11,178               45,500             100   %
annapolis junction building eight (50% ownership) (3)   first quarter, 2016    annapolis, md                 1           125,000            11,651               18,500               —   %
99 third avenue retail   second quarter, 2016   waltham, ma                   1            16,500            10,508               16,900              84   %
535 mission street (5)   third quarter, 2016    san francisco, ca             1           307,000           176,792              215,000              66   %
10 citypoint   second quarter, 2017   waltham, ma                   1           245,000            24,713              100,400              74   %
601 massachusetts avenue   fourth quarter, 2017   washington, dc                1           478,000           228,910              360,760              83   %
888 boylston street   fourth quarter, 2017   boston, ma                    1           425,000            35,932              271,500              36   %
salesforce tower (95% ownership)   first quarter, 2019    san francisco, ca             1         1,400,000           348,924            1,073,500              51   %
total properties under construction                                                       10         3,291,500          $876,803           $2,147,790              59   %
(1)   represents our share. includes net revenue during lease up period, acquisition expenses and approximately $67.4 million of construction cost and leasing commission accruals.

(2)   represents percentage leased as of february 23, 2015, including leases with future commencement dates.

(3)   this development project has a construction loan.

(4)   as of february 23, 2015, this property was 58% placed in-service.

(5)   as of february 23, 2015, this property was 31% placed in-service.

contractual rental revenue, recoveries from tenants, other income from operations, available cash balances and draws on our operating partnership’s unsecured line of credit are our principal sources of capital used to pay operating expenses, debt service, recurring capital expenditures and the minimum distribution required to enable us to maintain our reit qualification. we seek to maximize income from our existing properties by maintaining quality standards for our properties that promote high occupancy rates and permit increases in rental rates while reducing tenant turnover and controlling operating expenses. our sources of revenue also include third-party fees generated by our property management, leasing, and development and construction businesses, as well as the sale of assets from time to time. we believe our revenue, together with our cash balances and proceeds from financing activities, will continue to provide the necessary funds for our short-term liquidity needs.
material adverse changes in one or more sources of capital may adversely affect our net cash flows. such changes, in turn, could adversely affect our ability to fund dividends and distributions, debt service payments and tenant improvements. in addition, a material adverse change in the cash provided by our operations may affect our ability to comply with the financial covenants under our operating partnership’s unsecured line of credit and unsecured senior notes.
94
our primary use of capital will be the completion of our ongoing developments, which, through 2019, have remaining costs to fund of approximately $1.3 billion. we believe that our strong liquidity, including available cash as of february 23, 2015 of approximately $1.1 billion, which includes approximately $342.2 million of restricted cash which is being held for possible investment in a like-kind exchange in accordance with section 1031 of the internal revenue code, the approximately $983.5 million available under our operating partnership’s unsecured line of credit and proceeds from potential asset sales provide sufficient capacity to meet our debt obligations and fund our remaining capital requirements on existing development projects and pursue additional attractive investment opportunities. we also have full availability under our $600 million atm program. given the relatively low interest rates currently available to us in the debt markets, we may seek to enhance our liquidity in the future, which may result in us carrying additional cash and cash equivalents pending our operating partnership’s use of the proceeds, and we have entered and may consider entering into derivatives to hedge the interest rate risk associated with one or more future financings (see note 20 to the consolidated financial statements). we also may consider the early refinancing of our mortgages that expire in 2016 and 2017 which have a relatively high weighted-average coupon/stated interest rate of 5.9%, even though we may be obligated to pay prepayment charges. in order to reduce future cash interest payments, as well as future amounts due at maturity or upon redemption, we may also, from time to time, purchase unsecured senior notes for cash in open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, or both. we will evaluate any such potential transactions in light of then-existing market conditions, taking into account the trading prices of the notes, our current liquidity and prospects for future access to capital.
reit tax distribution considerations dividend as a reit we are subject to a number of organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement that we currently distribute at least 90% of our annual taxable income (excluding capital gains and with certain other adjustments). our policy is to distribute at least 100% of our taxable income, including capital gains, to avoid paying federal tax. on december 2, 2013, we announced that our board of directors declared a special cash dividend of $2.25 per common share payable on january 29, 2014 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on december 31, 2013. the decision to declare a special dividend was primarily a result of the sale of a 45% interest in our times square tower property in october 2013. the board of directors did not make any change in our policy with respect to regular quarterly dividends. holders of common units of limited partnership interest in boston properties limited partnership, our operating partnership, as of the close of business on december 31, 2013 received the same distribution on january 29, 2014. on december 8, 2014, we announced that our board of directors declared a special cash dividend of $4.50 per common share payable on january 28, 2015 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on december 31, 2014. the decision to declare a special dividend was primarily a result of the taxable gains associated with the sale of approximately $2.3 billion of assets during 2014 partially offset by our election to deduct costs that were capitalized in prior years that may now be deducted under the new tangible property regulations, discussed below. the board of directors did not make any change in our policy with respect to regular quarterly dividends. holders of common units of limited partnership interest in boston properties limited partnership, our operating partnership, as of the close of business on december 31, 2014 received the same distribution on january 28, 2015. our board of directors will continue to evaluate our dividend rate in light of our actual and projected taxable income, liquidity requirements and other circumstances, and there can be no assurance that the future dividends declared by our board of directors will not differ materially.
application of recent regulations in september 2013, the internal revenue service released final regulations governing when taxpayers like us must capitalize and depreciate costs for acquiring, maintaining, repairing and replacing tangible property and when they can deduct such costs. these final regulations are effective for tax years beginning on or after january 1, 2014. these regulations permitted us to deduct certain types of expenditures that were previously
95
required to be capitalized by us. they also allowed us to make a one-time election to immediately deduct certain amounts that were capitalized in previous years that are not required to be capitalized under the new regulations. we analyzed how the application of the new regulations affects our business and decided to make the election for the 2014 tax year. although such an election had an immaterial impact on our gaap financial statements or funds from operations, it materially reduced our taxable income and therefore our dividend payout requirements under applicable reit tax regulations for 2014. it also could have an impact on our dividend payout requirements in future years, as the amounts deducted in 2014 will no longer be depreciated over time, and amounts expended and deducted in future periods will vary, potentially resulting in more variation in our distribution requirement from year to year depending on our annual cost of now-deductible expenditures that previously would have been capitalized. although we made the election for tax year 2014, there can be no assurance concerning the impact, if any, on the dividends declared by our board of directors in future taxable years.
sales to the extent that we sell assets at a gain and cannot efficiently use the proceeds in a tax deferred manner for either our development activities or attractive acquisitions, we would, at the appropriate time, decide whether it is better to declare a special dividend, adopt a stock repurchase program, reduce our indebtedness or retain the cash for future investment opportunities. such a decision will depend on many factors including, among others, the timing, availability and terms of development and acquisition opportunities, our then-current and anticipated leverage, the cost and availability of capital from other sources, the price of our common stock and reit distribution requirements. at a minimum, we expect that we would distribute at least that amount of proceeds necessary for us to avoid paying corporate level tax on the applicable gains realized from any asset sales.
cash flow summary the following summary discussion of our cash flows is based on the consolidated statements of cash flows and is not meant to be an all-inclusive discussion of the changes in our cash flows for the periods presented below.
cash and cash equivalents were approximately $1.8 billion and $2.4 billion at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, representing an decrease of approximately $0.6 billion. the following table sets forth changes in cash flows:
year ended december 31,
2014                       2013                              increase
(decrease)
(in thousands)
net cash provided by operating activities                 $695,553                    $777,926                     $(82,373             )
net cash used in investing activities                            (665,124   )                 (532,640   )                 (132,484     )
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities              (632,487   )                1,077,873                     (1,710,360   )
our principal source of cash flow is related to the operation of our office properties. the average term of our in-place tenant leases, including our unconsolidated joint ventures, is approximately 6.8 years with occupancy rates historically in the range of 91% to 94%. our properties generate a relatively consistent stream of cash flow that provides us with resources to pay operating expenses, debt service and fund quarterly dividend and distribution payment requirements. in addition, over the past several years, we have raised capital through the sale of some of our properties, secured and unsecured borrowings and equity offerings.
for the year ended december 31, 2014, our total dividend payments exceeded our cash flow from operating activities due to the special dividend which was declared in december 2013 and paid to common stockholders and common unitholders of our operating partnership in january 2014. the cash flows distributed were
96
primarily a result of the sale of a 45% interest in our times square tower property in october 2013 and were included as part of cash flows provided by financing activities. dividends will generally exceed cash flows from operating activities during periods in which we sell significant real estate assets and the distribution of gains occurs in a different period.
cash is used in investing activities to fund acquisitions, development, net investments in unconsolidated joint ventures and recurring and nonrecurring capital expenditures. we selectively invest in new projects that enable us to take advantage of our development, leasing, financing and property management skills and invest in existing buildings to enhance or maintain their market position. cash used in investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 consisted primarily of funding our development projects, acquisitions and the proceeds from the sales of real estate, as detailed below:
year ended december 31,
2014                          2013
(in thousands)
acquisitions of real estate                                                                                   $(4,670             )           $(522,900         )
construction in progress                                                                                               (405,942   )                  (396,835   )
building and other capital improvements                                                                                 (82,479   )                   (73,821   )
tenant improvements                                                                                                    (106,003   )                  (105,425   )
proceeds from sales of real estate                                                                                      419,864                       250,078
proceeds from sales of real estate and sales of interests in property partnerships placed in escrow                  (1,912,347   )                         —
proceeds from sales of real estate and sales of interests in property partnerships released from escrow               1,478,794                             —
cash recorded upon consolidation                                                                                              —                        79,468
issuance of notes receivable, net                                                                                             —                        12,491
capital contributions to unconsolidated joint ventures                                                                  (52,052   )                         —
capital distributions from unconsolidated joint ventures                                                                  1,491                       225,862
investments in securities, net                                                                                           (1,780   )                    (1,558   )
net cash used in investing activities                                                                         $(665,124           )           $(532,640         )
cash used in investing activities changed primarily due to the following:
•   on february 6, 2013, we completed the acquisition of 535 mission street, a development site, in san francisco, california for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $71.0 million in cash, including work completed and materials purchased to date.

•          on march 26, 2013, the consolidated joint venture in which we have a 95% interest completed the acquisition of a land parcel in san francisco, california which will support a 61-story, 1.4 million square foot office salesforce tower. the purchase price for the land was approximately $192.0 million.

•   on march 29, 2013, we completed the acquisition of a parcel of land located in reston, virginia for a purchase price of approximately $27.0
million.

•                                                       on april 10, 2013, we acquired the mountain view research park and mountain view technology park properties from our value-added fund for an aggregate net purchase price of approximately $233.1 million. mountain view research park is a 16-building complex of office/technical properties aggregating approximately 604,000 net rentable square feet. mountain view technology park is a seven-building complex of office/technical properties aggregating approximately 135,000 net rentable square feet. in conjunction with the acquisition, the value-added fund repaid the mountain view research park and mountain view technology park properties outstanding loans payable to our operating partnership totaling approximately $8.6 million and $3.7 million, respectively.

•         on november 6, 2014, we entered into an option agreement pursuant to which we have been granted an option to purchase real property located at 425
fourth street in san francisco, california. in connection with the execution of the agreement, we paid a non-refundable option payment to the current owner of

97
$1.0 million. we intend to pursue the entitlements necessary to develop the property. the purchase price has not been determined and is dependent on the entitlements obtained. there can be no assurance that we will be successful in obtaining the desired entitlements or that we will ultimately determine to exercise the option.

•                                                   on november 12, 2014, we completed the acquisition of a parcel of land at 804 carnegie center in princeton, new jersey for a purchase price of approximately $3.7 million. 804 carnegie center is a build-to-suit project with approximately 130,000 net rentable square feet of class a office space which is currently under construction. we expect that the building will be complete and available for occupancy during the first quarter of 2016.

•                                                      construction in progress for the year ended december 31, 2013 includes expenditures associated with our continued development and redevelopment of the avant at reston town center, 250 west 55th street, 680 folsom street, 535 mission street, 601 massachusetts avenue, 804 carnegie center and salesforce tower and expenditures associated with two patriots park, 300 binney street (formerly seventeen cambridge center) and the kendall center connector (formerly cambridge center connector), which were fully placed in-service during the year ended december 31, 2013. construction in progress for the year ended december 31, 2014
includes ongoing expenditures associated with the avant at reston town center, 250 west 55th street, 680 folsom street, 535 mission street and 690 folsom street which were fully or partially placed in-service during the year ended december 31,
2014. in addition, we incurred costs associated with our continued development of 601 massachusetts avenue, 804 carnegie center, salesforce tower, 888 boylston street, 10 citypoint, 99 third avenue retail and the prudential center retail expansion.

•   on june 28, 2013, we completed the sale of our 303 almaden boulevard property located in san jose, california for a sale price of $40.0 million.
net cash proceeds totaled approximately $39.3 million.

•                                                on august 22, 2013, we completed the sale of our 1301 new york avenue property located in washington, dc for a net contract sale price of approximately $121.7 million. after adjusting for outstanding lease and other transaction costs assumed by the buyer, the gross sale price was approximately $135.0 million. net cash proceeds totaled approximately $121.5 million.

•   on december 20, 2013, we completed the sale of our 10 &amp; 20 burlington mall road property located in burlington, massachusetts for a sale price of approximately $30.0 million. net cash proceeds totaled approximately $29.4 million.

•   on december 20, 2013, we completed the sale of our one preserve parkway property located in rockville, maryland for a sale price of approximately
$61.3 million. net cash proceeds totaled approximately $59.9 million.

•                                                on july 29, 2014, we completed the sale of our mountain view technology park properties and mountain view research park building sixteen property located in mountain view, california for an aggregate sale price of approximately $90.6 million. net cash proceeds totaled approximately $90.6 million. as of december 31, 2014, we have placed in escrow approximately $90.2 million of the proceeds, which are being held for possible investment in a like-kind exchange in accordance with section 1031 of the internal revenue code.

•   on august 20, 2014, a portion of the land parcel at our one reston overlook property located in reston, virginia was taken by eminent domain. net cash proceeds totaled approximately $2.6 million.

•                                                    on august 22, 2014, we completed the sale of a parcel of land within our broad run business park property located in loudoun county, virginia for a sale price of approximately $9.8 million. net cash proceeds totaled approximately $9.7 million. the parcel is an approximately 15.5 acre land parcel subject to a ground lease that was scheduled to expire on october 31, 2048 with a tenant that exercised its purchase option under the ground lease. as of december 31, 2014, we have placed in escrow approximately $9.7 million of the proceeds, which are being held for possible investment in a like-kind exchange in accordance with section 1031 of the internal revenue code.

98
•                                               on october 2, 2014, we completed the sale of patriots park located in reston, virginia for a gross sale price of $321.0 million. patriots park consists of three class a office properties aggregating approximately 706,000 net rentable square feet. net cash proceeds totaled approximately $319.1 million. as of december 31, 2014, we have placed in escrow approximately $320.2
million of the proceeds, which are being held for possible investment in a like-kind exchange in accordance with section 1031 of the internal revenue code.

•                                                 on october 24, 2014, we completed the sale of a parcel of land at 130 third avenue in waltham, massachusetts that is permitted for 129,000 square feet for a sale price of approximately $14.3 million. net cash proceeds totaled approximately $13.6 million. as of december 31, 2014, we have placed in escrow approximately $13.6 million of the proceeds, which are being held for possible investment in a like-kind exchange in accordance with section 1031 of the internal revenue code.

•   on may 31, 2013, we recorded approximately $79.5 million of cash upon consolidating the joint venture that owns 767 fifth avenue (the general motors building).

•       capital contributions to unconsolidated joint ventures primarily increased due to cash contributions of approximately $39.0 million, $5.4 million and
$4.2 million to our 1001 6th street (formerly known as 501 k street), annapolis junction and north station (phase 1 -air rights) joint ventures, respectively.

•           capital distributions from unconsolidated joint ventures decreased by approximately $224.4 million due to the sale of the eighth avenue and 46th street project and 125 west 55th street in new york city and the value-added fund selling mountain view research and technology parks during the year ended december 31, 2013.

cash used in financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2014 totaled approximately $632.5 million. this consisted primarily of us selling a 45% interest in each of 601 lexington avenue in new york city and atlantic wharf office building and 100 federal street in boston, the repayment at maturity of $747.5 million of 3.625% exchangeable senior notes due 2014, the repayment of $300 million of 5.625% and $250 million of 5.000% unsecured senior notes due in 2015, the payments of regular and special dividends and distributions to our shareholders and unitholders and repayment of secured mortgage debt. future debt payments are discussed below under the heading “capitalization-debt financing.”
capitalization at december 31, 2014, our total consolidated debt was approximately $9.9 billion. the gaap weighted-average annual interest rate on our consolidated indebtedness was 4.40% (with a coupon/stated rate of 4.98%) and the weighted-average maturity was approximately 5.0 years.
consolidated debt to total consolidated market capitalization ratio, defined as total consolidated debt as a percentage of the value of our outstanding equity securities plus our total consolidated debt, is a measure of leverage commonly used by analysts in the reit sector. our total consolidated market capitalization was approximately $32.1 billion at december 31, 2014. our total consolidated market capitalization was calculated using the december 31, 2014 closing stock price of $128.69 per common share and the following: (1) 153,113,945 shares of our common stock, (2) 16,453,670 outstanding common units of partnership interest in our operating partnership (excluding common units held by us), (3) an aggregate of 1,496,799 common units issuable upon conversion of all outstanding ltip units, assuming all conditions have been met for the conversion of the ltip units, (4) 12,667 series four preferred units of partnership interest in our operating partnership multiplied by the fixed liquidation preference of $50 per unit, (5) 80,000 shares (8,000,000 depositary shares, each representing 1/100th of a share) of our 5.25% series b cumulative redeemable preferred stock, at a price of $2,500 per share ($25 per depositary share) and (6) our consolidated debt totaling approximately $9.9 billion. our total consolidated debt, which excludes debt collateralized by our unconsolidated joint ventures, at december 31, 2014, represented approximately 30.84% of our total consolidated market capitalization.
99
following the consolidation of 767 venture, llc (the entity that owns 767 fifth avenue (the general motors building)), effective june 1, 2013, our consolidated debt increased significantly compared to prior periods even though our economic interest in 767 venture, llc remained substantially unchanged. as a result, we believe the presentation of total adjusted debt may provide investors with a more complete picture of our share of consolidated and unconsolidated debt. total adjusted debt is defined as our total consolidated debt, plus our share of unconsolidated joint venture debt, minus our joint venture partners’ share of consolidated debt, and was approximately $9.1 billion at december 31, 2014. in addition, in light of the difference between our total consolidated debt and our total adjusted debt, we believe that also presenting our total adjusted debt to total adjusted market capitalization ratio may provide investors with a more complete picture of our leverage in relation to the overall size of our company. the calculation of the total adjusted debt to total adjusted market capitalization ratio is the same as consolidated debt to total consolidated market capitalization ratio except that the total adjusted debt balance is used in lieu of the total consolidated debt balance. our total adjusted debt at december 31, 2014, represented approximately 29.01% of our total adjusted market capitalization the calculation of total consolidated and adjusted market capitalization does not include 394,590 2012 opp units, 313,936 2013 myltip units and 482,032 2014 myltip units because, unlike other ltip units, they are not earned until certain return thresholds are achieved. these percentages will fluctuate with changes in the market value of our common stock and does not necessarily reflect our capacity to incur additional debt to finance our activities or our ability to manage our existing debt obligations. however, for a company like ours, whose assets are primarily income-producing real estate, the consolidated debt to total consolidated market capitalization ratio and the adjusted debt to total adjusted market capitalization ratio may provide investors with an alternate indication of leverage, so long as it is evaluated along with other financial ratios and the various components of our outstanding indebtedness.
for a discussion of our unconsolidated joint venture indebtedness, see “liquidity and capital resources—capitalization—off-balance sheet arrangements—joint venture indebtedness” within “item 7—management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.”
100
debt financing as of december 31, 2014, we had approximately $9.9 billion of outstanding consolidated indebtedness, representing approximately 30.84% of our total consolidated market capitalization as calculated above consisting of approximately (1) $5.288 billion (net of discount) in publicly traded unsecured senior notes (excluding exchangeable senior notes) having a gaap weighted-average interest rate of 4.42% per annum and maturities in 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021, 2023 and 2024; (2) $4.3 billion of property-specific mortgage debt having a gaap weighted-average interest rate of 4.30% per annum and weighted-average term of 3.2 years and (3) $0.3 million of mezzanine notes payable associated with 767 fifth avenue (the general motors building), having a gaap interest rate of 5.53% per annum and maturing in 2017. the table below summarizes our mortgage and mezzanine notes payable, our unsecured senior notes and our unsecured line of credit at december 31, 2014 and december 31, 2013:
2014                          2013
(dollars in thousands)
debt summary:
balance fixed rate mortgage notes payable                                                                                    $4,309,484                      $4,449,734
variable rate mortgage notes payable                                                                                          —                               —
unsecured senior notes, net of discount                                                                               5,287,704                       5,835,854
unsecured exchangeable senior notes, net of discount and adjustment for the equity component allocation                       —                         744,880
unsecured line of credit                                                                                                      —                               —
mezzanine notes payable                                                                                                 309,796                         311,040
total                                                                                                                $9,906,984                     $11,341,508
percent of total debt:
fixed rate                                                                                                               100.00   %                      100.00   %
variable rate                                                                                                                 —   %                           —   %
total                                                                                                                    100.00   %                      100.00   %
gaap weighted-average interest rate at end of period:
fixed rate                                                                                                                 4.40   %                        4.60   %
variable rate                                                                                                                 —   %                           —   %
total                                                                                                                      4.40   %                        4.60   %
coupon/stated weighted-average interest rate at end of period:
fixed rate                                                                                                                 4.98   %                        4.93   %
variable rate                                                                                                                 —   %                           —   %
total                                                                                                                      4.98   %                        4.93   %
unsecured line of credit on july 26, 2013, our operating partnership amended and restated the revolving credit agreement governing its unsecured line of credit, which, among other things, (1) increased the total commitment from $750.0 million to $1.0 billion, (2) extended the maturity date from june 24, 2014 to july 26, 2018 and (3) reduced the per annum variable interest rates and other fees. our operating partnership may increase the total commitment to $1.5 billion, subject to syndication of the increase and other conditions. at our operating partnership’s option, loans outstanding under the unsecured line of credit will bear interest at a rate per annum equal to (1), in the case of loans denominated in dollars, euro or sterling, libor or, in the case of loans denominated in canadian dollars, cdor, in each case, plus a margin ranging from 0.925% to 1.70% based on our operating partnership’s credit rating or (2) an alternate base rate equal to the greatest of (a) the administrative agent’s prime rate, (b) the federal funds rate plus 0.5% or (c) libor for a one month period plus 1.00%, in each case, plus a margin ranging from 0.0% to 0.70% based on our operating partnership’s credit rating. the unsecured line of credit
101
also contains a competitive bid option that allows banks that are part of the lender consortium to bid to make loan advances to our operating partnership at a reduced interest rate. in addition, our operating partnership is also obligated to pay (1) in quarterly installments a facility fee on the total commitment at a rate per annum ranging from 0.125% to 0.35% based on our operating partnership’s credit rating and (2) an annual fee on the undrawn amount of each letter of credit equal to the libor margin. based on our operating partnership’s current credit rating, the libor and cdor margin is 1.00%, the alternate base rate margin is 0.0% and the facility fee is 0.15%. our ability to borrow under our operating partnership’s unsecured line of credit is subject to our compliance with a number of customary financial and other covenants on an ongoing basis, including:
•   a leverage ratio not to exceed 60%, however the leverage ratio may increase to no greater than 65% provided that it is reduced back to 60% within one year;

•   a secured debt leverage ratio not to exceed 55%;

•   a fixed charge coverage ratio of at least 1.40;

•   an unsecured leverage ratio not to exceed 60%, however the leverage ratio may increase to no greater than 65% provided that it is reduced back to 60%
within one year;

•   an unsecured debt interest coverage ratio of at least 1.75; and

•   limitations on permitted investments.

we believe we are in compliance with the financial and other covenants listed above.
as of december 31, 2014 and february 23, 2015, we had no borrowings and letters of credit totaling approximately $16.5 million outstanding under the unsecured line of credit, with the ability to borrow approximately $983.5 million.
unsecured senior notes the following summarizes the unsecured senior notes outstanding as of december 31, 2014 (dollars in thousands):
coupon/         effective               principal       maturity date(2)
stated rate           rate(1)                  amount
10 year unsecured senior notes           5.875   %         5.967   %            $700,000                  october 15, 2019
10 year unsecured senior notes           5.625   %         5.708   %             700,000                  november 15, 2020
10 year unsecured senior notes           4.125   %         4.289   %             850,000                  may 15, 2021
7 year unsecured senior notes           3.700   %         3.853   %             850,000                  november 15, 2018
11 year unsecured senior notes           3.850   %         3.954   %           1,000,000                  february 1, 2023
10.5 year unsecured senior notes           3.125   %         3.279   %             500,000                  september 1, 2023
10.5 year unsecured senior notes           3.800   %         3.916   %             700,000                  february 1, 2024
total principal                                                 5,300,000
net unamortized discount                                                   (12,296   )
total                                                $5,287,704
(1)   yield on issuance date including the effects of discounts on the notes and the amortization of financing costs.

(2)   no principal amounts are due prior to maturity.

our unsecured senior notes are redeemable at our option, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to the greater of (1) 100% of their principal amount or (2) the sum of the present value of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest discounted at a rate equal to the yield on u.s. treasury securities with a comparable maturity plus 35 basis points (or 20 basis points in the case of the $500 million of notes that mature on september 1, 2023, 25 basis points in the case of the $700 million of notes that mature on february 1, 2024, 40 basis points in the case of the $700 million of notes that mature on october 15, 2019 and 30 basis points in the
102
case of the $700 million and $850 million of notes that mature on november 15, 2020 and may 15, 2021, respectively), in each case plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. the indenture under which our unsecured senior notes were issued contains restrictions on incurring debt and using our assets as security in other financing transactions and other customary financial and other covenants, including (1) a leverage ratio not to exceed 60%, (2) a secured debt leverage ratio not to exceed 50%, (3) an interest coverage ratio of greater than 1.50, and (4) unencumbered asset value to be no less than 150% of our unsecured debt. as of december 31, 2014, we believe we were in compliance with each of these financial restrictions and requirements.
mortgage notes payable the following represents the outstanding principal balances due under the mortgage notes payable at december 31, 2014:
properties                                            stated                  gaap           stated                       historical           carrying                              maturity date interest              interest           principal                    fair value           amount rate               rate(1)           amount                       adjustment
(dollars in thousands)
767 fifth avenue (the general motors building)          5.95   %              2.44   %       $1,300,000                     $121,083           $1,421,083         (1)(2)(3)(4)                october 7, 2017
599 lexington avenue                                    5.57   %              5.41   %               750,000                   —                       750,000          (4)(5)                march 1, 2017
601 lexington avenue                                    4.75   %              4.79   %               710,932                   —                       710,932             (6)                april 10, 2022
john hancock tower                                      5.68   %              5.05   %               640,500                   8,608                   649,108       (1)(4)(7)                january 6, 2017
embarcadero center four                                 6.10   %              7.02   %               354,680                   —                       354,680             (8)                december 1, 2016
fountain square                                         5.71   %              2.56   %               211,250                   8,883                   220,133   (1)(4)(9)(10)                october 11, 2016
505 9th street                                          5.73   %              5.87   %               118,919                   —                       118,919             (9)                november 1, 2017
new dominion tech park, bldg. one                       7.69   %              7.84   %                40,975                   —                        40,975                                january 15, 2021
kingstowne two and retail                               5.99   %              5.61   %                31,227                     137                    31,364             (1)                january 1, 2016
university place                                        6.94   %              6.99   %                12,290                   —                        12,290                                august 1, 2021
total                                                                                        $4,170,773                     $138,711           $4,309,484
(1)            gaap interest rate differs from the stated interest rate due to the inclusion of the amortization of financing charges, effects of hedging transactions and adjustments required to reflect loans at their fair values upon acquisition or consolidation. all adjustments to reflect loans at their fair value upon acquisition or consolidation are noted above.

(2)   this property is owned by a consolidated joint venture in which we have a 60% interest.

(3)                                            in connection with the assumption of the loan, we guaranteed the joint venture’s obligation to fund various escrows, including tenant improvements, taxes and insurance in lieu of cash deposits. as of december 31, 2014, the maximum funding obligation under the guarantee was approximately $32.0 million. we earn a fee from the joint venture for providing the guarantee and have an agreement with our partners to reimburse the joint venture for their share of any payments made under the guarantee.

(4)   the mortgage loan requires interest only payments with a balloon payment due at maturity.

(5)                                on december 19, 2006, we terminated the forward-starting interest rate swap contracts related to this financing and received approximately $10.9 million, which amount is reducing our gaap interest expense for this mortgage over the term of the financing, resulting in an effective interest rate of 5.41% per annum for the financing. the stated interest rate is 5.57% per annum.

(6)   this property is owned by a consolidated joint venture in which we have a 55% interest.

(7)   in connection with the mortgage financing we have agreed to guarantee approximately $25.7 million related to our obligation to provide funds for certain tenant re-leasing costs.

(8)                                        on november 13, 2008, we closed on an eight-year, $375.0 million mortgage loan collateralized by this property. the mortgage loan bears interest at a fixed rate of
6.10% per annum. under our interest rate hedging program, we are reclassifying into earnings over the eight-year term of the loan as an increase in interest expense approximately $26.4 million (approximately $3.3 million per year) of the amounts recorded on our consolidated balance sheets within accumulated other comprehensive loss resulting in an effective interest rate of 7.02% per annum.

(9)   this property is owned by a consolidated joint venture in which we have a 50% interest.

(10)   in connection with the mortgage financing we have agreed to guarantee approximately $0.7 million related to its obligation to provide funds for certain tenant re-leasing costs.

103
contractual aggregate principal payments of mortgage notes payable at december 31, 2014 are as follows:
year   principal payments
(in thousands)
2015   $26,184
2016                 608,879
2017               2,821,750
2018                  18,633
2019                  19,670
thereafter                 675,657
$4,170,773
mezzanine notes payable the following represents the outstanding principal balances due under the mezzanine notes payable at december 31, 2014:
property debt is associated with                 stated                gaap                  stated                historical              carrying                maturity date interest              interest              principal             fair value              amount rate                  rate(1)               amount                adjustment
(dollars in thousands)
767 fifth avenue (the general motors building)   6.02          %       5.53          %       $306,000              $3,796                  $309,796(1)(2)(3)                october 7, 2017
(1)   gaap interest rate differs from the stated interest rate due to adjustments required to reflect loans at their fair values upon acquisition or consolidation. all adjustments to reflect loans at their fair value upon acquisition are noted above.

(2)   this property is owned by a consolidated joint venture in which we have a 60% interest.

(3)   the mortgage loan requires interest only payments with a balloon payment due at maturity.

outside members’ notes payable in conjunction with the consolidation of 767 fifth avenue (the general motors building), we recorded loans payable to the joint venture’s partners totaling $450.0 million and related accrued interest payable totaling approximately $175.8 million. the member loans bear interest at a fixed rate of 11.0% per annum and mature on june 9, 2017. we have eliminated in consolidation our member loan totaling $270.0 million and our share of the related accrued interest payable of approximately $133.0 million at december 31, 2014. the remaining notes payable to the outside joint venture partners and related accrued interest payable totaling $180.0 million and approximately $88.6 million as of december 31, 2014 have been reflected as outside members’ notes payable and within accrued interest payable, respectively, on our consolidated balance sheets. the related interest expense from the outside members’ notes payable totaling approximately $28.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 is fully allocated to the outside joint venture partners as an adjustment to noncontrolling interests in property partnerships in our consolidated statements of operations.
market risk market risk is the risk of loss from adverse changes in market prices and interest rates. our future earnings, cash flows and fair values relevant to financial instruments are dependent upon prevalent market interest rates. our primary market risk results from our indebtedness, which bears interest at fixed and variable rates. the fair value of our debt obligations are affected by changes in the market interest rates. we manage our market risk by matching long-term leases with long-term, fixed-rate, non-recourse debt of similar duration. we continue to follow a conservative strategy of generally pre-leasing development projects on a long-term basis to creditworthy tenants in order to achieve the most favorable construction and permanent financing terms. all of our outstanding
104
debt, excluding our unconsolidated joint ventures, has fixed interest rates, which minimizes the interest rate risk through the maturity of such outstanding debt. we also manage our market risk by entering into hedging arrangements with financial institutions. our primary objectives when undertaking hedging transactions and derivative positions is to reduce our floating rate exposure and to fix a portion of the interest rate for anticipated financing and refinancing transactions. this in turn, reduces the risks that the variability of cash flows imposes on variable rate debt. our strategy mitigates against future increases in our interest rates.
at december 31, 2014 our weighted-average coupon/stated rate on all of our outstanding debt, all of which had a fixed interest rate, was 4.98% per annum. at december 31, 2014, we had no outstanding variable rate debt. the weighted-average coupon/stated rate for our senior notes was 4.34%.
funds from operations pursuant to the revised definition of funds from operations adopted by the board of governors of nareit, we calculate funds from operations, or ffo, by adjusting net income (loss) attributable to boston properties, inc. (computed in accordance with gaap, including non-recurring items) for gains (or losses) from sales of properties, impairment losses on depreciable real estate of consolidated real estate, impairment losses on investments in unconsolidated joint ventures driven by a measurable decrease in the fair value of depreciable real estate held by the unconsolidated joint ventures, real estate related depreciation and amortization, and after adjustment for unconsolidated partnerships, joint ventures and preferred distributions. ffo is a non-gaap financial measure. the use of ffo, combined with the required primary gaap presentations, has been fundamentally beneficial in improving the understanding of operating results of reits among the investing public and making comparisons of reit operating results more meaningful. management generally considers ffo to be a useful measure for reviewing our comparative operating and financial performance because, by excluding gains and losses related to sales of previously depreciated operating real estate assets, impairment losses on depreciable real estate of consolidated real estate, impairment losses on investments in unconsolidated joint ventures driven by a measurable decrease in the fair value of depreciable real estate held by the unconsolidated joint ventures and excluding real estate asset depreciation and amortization (which can vary among owners of identical assets in similar condition based on historical cost accounting and useful life estimates), ffo can help one compare the operating performance of a company’s real estate between periods or as compared to different companies. our computation of ffo may not be comparable to ffo reported by other reits or real estate companies that do not define the term in accordance with the current nareit definition or that interpret the current nareit definition differently. amount represents our share, which was 89.81%, 89.99%, 89.48%, 88.57% and 87.25% for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively, after allocation to the noncontrolling interests in the operating partnership.
ffo should not be considered as an alternative to net income attributable to boston properties, inc. (determined in accordance with gaap) as an indication of our performance. ffo does not represent cash generated from operating activities determined in accordance with gaap and is not a measure of liquidity or an indicator of our ability to make cash distributions. we believe that to further understand our performance, ffo should be compared with our reported net income attributable to boston properties, inc. and considered in addition to cash flows in accordance with gaap, as presented in our consolidated financial statements.
105
the following table presents a reconciliation of net income attributable to boston properties, inc. to ffo and ffo, as adjusted, for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, 2012, 2011 and 2010:
year ended december 31,
2014                     2013                     2012                     2011                     2010
(in thousands)
net income attributable to boston properties, inc.                                                             $433,111                 $741,754                 $289,650                 $272,679                 $159,072
add:
preferred dividends                                                                                              10,500                    8,057                        —                        —                        —
noncontrolling interest in discontinued operations—common units of the operating partnership                          —                   14,151                    5,075                    1,243                    1,290
noncontrolling interest—common units of the operating partnership                                                50,862                   70,085                   30,125                   35,007                   22,809
noncontrolling interest in gains on sales of real estate—common units of the operating partnership                    —                        —                        —                        —                      349
noncontrolling interest—redeemable preferred units of the operating partnership                                   1,023                    6,046                    3,497                    3,339                    3,343
noncontrolling interests in property partnerships                                                                30,561                    1,347                    3,792                    1,558                    3,464
impairment loss from discontinued operations                                                                          —                    3,241                        —                        —                        —
less:
gain on forgiveness of debt from discontinued operations                                                              —                   20,182                        —                        —                        —
gains on sales of real estate from discontinued operations                                                            —                  112,829                   36,877                        —                        —
income from discontinued operations                                                                                   —                    8,022                    9,806                   10,876                   10,121
gains on sales of real estate                                                                                   168,039                        —                        —                        —                    2,734
income from continuing operations                                                                               358,018                  703,648                  285,456                  302,950                  177,472
add:
real estate depreciation and amortization (1)                                                                   646,463                  610,352                  542,753                  541,791                  450,546
income from discontinued operations                                                                                   —                    8,022                    9,806                   10,876                   10,121
less:
gains on sales of real estate included within income from unconsolidated joint ventures (2)                           —                   54,501                      248                   46,166                      572
gains on consolidation of joint ventures (3)                                                                          —                  385,991                        —                        —                        —
noncontrolling interests in property partnerships’ share of funds from operations                                93,864                   33,930                    5,684                    3,412                    6,862
noncontrolling interest—redeemable preferred units of the operating partnership (4)                               1,023                    4,079                    3,497                    3,339                    3,343
preferred dividends                                                                                              10,500                    8,057                        —                        —                        —
funds from operations attributable to the operating partnership                                                 899,094                  835,464                  828,586                  802,700                  627,362
less:
noncontrolling interest—common units of the operating partnership’s share of funds from operations               91,588                   84,000                   87,167                   91,709                   80,006
funds from operations attributable to boston properties, inc.                                                  $807,506                 $751,464                 $741,419                 $710,991                 $547,356
our percentage share of funds from operations—basic                                                               89.81   %                89.99   %                89.48   %                88.57   %                87.25   %
weighted average shares outstanding—basic                                                                       153,089                  152,201                  152,120                  145,693                  139,440
(1)                                            real estate depreciation and amortization consists of depreciation and amortization from the consolidated statements of operations of $628,573, $560,637, $445,875,
$429,742 and $329,749, our share of unconsolidated joint venture real estate depreciation and amortization of $19,251, $46,214, $90,076, $103,970 and $113,945, and depreciation and amortization from discontinued operations of $0, $4,760, $8,169,
$9,442 and $8,622, less corporate related depreciation and amortization of $1,361, $1,259, $1,367, $1,363 and $1,770, respectively, for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively.

(2)                                         consists of the portion of income from unconsolidated joint ventures related to (1) the gain on sale of eighth avenue and 46th street totaling approximately $11.3
million and (2) the gain on sale of 125 west 55th street totaling approximately $43.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. consists of approximately $0.2 million related to the gain on sale of real estate associated with the sale of 300 billerica road for the year ended december 31, 2012. consists of approximately $46.2 million related to the gain on sale of real estate associated with the sale of two grand central tower for the year ended december 31, 2011.
consists of approximately $0.6 million related to our share of the gain on sale associated with the sale of our 5.0% equity interest in the unconsolidated joint venture entity that owns the retail portion of the wisconsin place mixed-use property for the year ended december 31, 2010.

(3)   the gains on consolidation of joint ventures consisted of (1) 767 fifth avenue (the general motors building) totaling approximately $359.5 million and (2) our value-added fund’s mountain view properties totaling approximately $26.5 million during the year ended december 31, 2013.

(4)             excludes approximately $2.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 of income allocated to the holders of series two preferred units to account for their right to participate on an as-converted basis in the special dividend that was primarily the result of the sale of a 45% interest in our times square tower property.

106
reconciliation to diluted funds from operations:
for the years ended december 31,
2014                                            2013                                            2012                                            2011                                            2010
(dollars in thousands)
income         shares/units                     income         shares/units                     income         shares/units                     income         shares/units                     income         shares/units
(numerator)         (denominator)               (numerator)         (denominator)               (numerator)         (denominator)               (numerator)         (denominator)               (numerator)         (denominator)
basic funds from operations                                                                                      $899,094                  170,453               $835,464                  169,126               $828,586                  167,769               $802,700                  164,486               $627,362                  159,821
effect of dilutive securities:
convertible preferred units (1)                                                                                       760         312                               3,150                    1,221                  3,079                    1,345                  3,339                    1,461                  3,343                    1,461
stock based compensation and exchangeable senior notes                                                                  —         219                                   —         320                                   —         591                                   —         525                                   —         618
diluted funds from operations                                                                                    $899,854                  170,984               $838,614                  170,667               $831,665                  169,705               $806,039                  166,472               $630,705                  161,900
less: noncontrolling interest—common units of the operating partnership’s share of diluted funds from              91,381                   17,364                 83,167                   16,925                 86,493                   17,649                 90,992                   18,793                 79,400                   20,382
operations diluted funds from operations attributable to boston properties, inc. (2)                                        $808,473                  153,620               $755,447                  153,742               $745,172                  152,056               $715,047                  147,679               $551,305                  141,518
(1)             excludes approximately $2.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 of income allocated to the holders of series two preferred units to account for their right to participate on an as-converted basis in the special dividend that was primarily the result of the sale of a 45% interest in our times square tower property.

(2)   our share of diluted funds from operations was 89.84%, 90.08%, 89.60%, 88.71% and 87.41% for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively.

107
net operating income net operating income, or “noi,” is a non-gaap financial measure equal to net income attributable to boston properties, inc., the most directly comparable gaap financial measure, plus net income attributable to noncontrolling interests, impairment loss from discontinued operations, losses (gains) from early extinguishments of debt, interest expense, depreciation and amortization, suspension of development, impairment loss, transaction costs and general and administrative expense, less gain on forgiveness of debt from discontinued operations, gains on sales of real estate from discontinued operations, income from discontinued operations, gains on sales of real estate, gains (losses) from investments in securities, interest and other income, gains on consolidation of joint ventures, income from unconsolidated joint ventures and development and management services revenue. we use noi internally as a performance measure and believe noi provides useful information to investors regarding our financial condition and results of operations because it reflects only those income and expense items that are incurred at the property level. therefore, we believe noi is a useful measure for evaluating the operating performance of our real estate assets.
our management also uses noi to evaluate regional property level performance and to make decisions about resource allocations. further, we believe noi is useful to investors as a performance measure because, when compared across periods, noi reflects the impact on operations from trends in occupancy rates, rental rates, operating costs and acquisition and development activity on an unleveraged basis, providing perspective not immediately apparent from net income attributable to boston properties, inc. noi excludes certain components from net income attributable to boston properties, inc. in order to provide results that are more closely related to our properties’ results of operations. for example, interest expense is not necessarily linked to the operating performance of a real estate asset and is often incurred at the corporate level as opposed to the property level. in addition, depreciation and amortization, because of historical cost accounting and useful life estimates, may distort operating performance at the property level. noi presented by us may not be comparable to noi reported by other reits and real estate companies that define noi differently. we believe that in order to facilitate a clear understanding of our operating results, noi should be examined in conjunction with net income attributable to boston properties, inc. as presented in our consolidated financial statements. noi should not be considered as an alternative to net income attributable to boston properties, inc. as an indication of our performance or to cash flows as a measure of liquidity or ability to make distributions.
108
the following sets forth a reconciliation of noi to net income attributable to boston properties, inc. for the fiscal years 2010 through 2014.
years ended december 31,
2014                      2013                      2012                      2011                      2010
(in thousands)
net operating income                                                                                    $1,507,156                $1,334,441                $1,145,918                $1,090,590                 $969,186
add:
development and management services income                                                                  25,316                    29,695                    34,060                    33,406                   41,202
income from unconsolidated joint ventures                                                                   12,769                    75,074                    49,078                    85,896                   36,774
gains on consolidation of joint ventures                                                                         —                   385,991                         —                         —                        —
interest and other income                                                                                    8,765                     8,310                    10,091                     5,358                    7,332
gains (losses) from investments in securities                                                                1,038                     2,911                     1,389                      (443   )                  935
gains on sales of real estate                                                                              168,039                         —                         —                         —                    2,734
income from discontinued operations                                                                              —                     8,022                     9,806                    10,876                   10,121
gains on sales of real estate from discontinued operations                                                       —                   112,829                    36,877                         —                        —
gain on forgiveness of debt from discontinued operations                                                         —                    20,182                         —                         —                        —
less:
general and administrative                                                                                  98,937                   115,329                    90,129                    87,101                   87,459
transaction costs                                                                                            3,140                     1,744                     3,653                     1,987                    2,876
impairment loss                                                                                                  —                     8,306                         —                         —                        —
suspension of development                                                                                        —                         —                         —                         —                   (7,200   )
depreciation and amortization                                                                              628,573                   560,637                   445,875                   429,742                  329,749
interest expense                                                                                           455,743                   446,880                   410,970                   391,533                  375,403
losses (gains) from early extinguishments of debt                                                           10,633                      (122   )                 4,453                     1,494                   89,670
impairment loss from discontinued operations                                                                     —                     3,241                         —                         —                        —
noncontrolling interests in property partnerships                                                           30,561                     1,347                     3,792                     1,558                    3,464
noncontrolling interest—redeemable preferred units of the operating partnership                              1,023                     6,046                     3,497                     3,339                    3,343
noncontrolling interests—common units of the operating partnership                                          50,862                    70,085                    30,125                    35,007                   23,158
noncontrolling interest in discontinued operations—common units of the operating partnership                     —                    14,151                     5,075                     1,243                    1,290
preferred dividends                                                                                         10,500                     8,057                         —                         —                        —
net income attributable to boston properties, inc. common shareholders                                    $433,111                  $741,754                  $289,650                  $272,679                 $159,072
109
contractual obligations as of december 31, 2014, we were subject to contractual payment obligations as described in the table below.
payments due by period total                  2015                     2016                     2017                     2018                       2019                       thereafter
(dollars in thousands)
contractual obligations:
long-term debt mortgage debt(1)                                    $5,243,699                        $279,078                 $856,050               $3,253,650                    $53,271                 $53,267         $748,383
unsecured senior notes(1)                                   6,795,978                  227,738                  227,738                  227,738                  1,077,738                 896,288                 4,138,738
unsecured line of credit(1)                                         —                        —                        —                        —                          —                       —                         —
ground leases (2)                                             954,587                   13,507                   13,732                   13,963                     14,198                  14,461                   884,726
tenant obligations(3)(4)                                      347,636                  211,376                   70,683                   54,211                      6,804                   1,940                     2,622
construction contracts on development projects(4)           1,252,532                  726,670                  325,104                  134,466                     42,069                  24,223                         —
other obligations (5)                                          16,583                    3,195                    2,081                   11,058                         81                      81         87
total contractual obligations                       $14,611,015                     $1,461,564               $1,495,388               $3,695,086                 $1,194,161                $990,260         $5,774,556
(1)   amounts include principal and interest payments.

(2)                                            on january 15, 2015, we entered into a contract for the sale of our residences on the avenue property located in washington, dc. the residences on the avenue is subject to a ground lease that expires on february 1, 2068. the sale is subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions and there can be no assurance that the sale will be consummated on the terms currently contemplated or at all.
if the sale does occur the ground lease obligations for 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019 and thereafter will be reduced by $3.1 million, $3.2 million, $3.2 million, $3.3 million, $3.4 million and $273.5 million, respectively.

(3)   committed tenant-related obligations based on executed leases as of december 31, 2014 (tenant improvements and lease commissions).

(4)   includes 100% of the obligations for our consolidated joint ventures and only our share for the unconsolidated joint ventures.

(5)   includes the maximum revenue support obligation that we may be required to pay related to the sale of our patriots park properties, see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.

we have various standing or renewable service contracts with vendors related to our property management. in addition, we have certain other contracts we enter into in the ordinary course of business that may extend beyond one year. these contracts are not included as part of our contractual obligations because they include terms that provide for cancellation with insignificant or no cancellation penalties. contract terms are generally between three to five years.
during 2014, we paid approximately $205.1 million to fund tenant-related obligations, including tenant improvements and leasing commissions, and incurred approximately $426 million of new tenant-related obligations associated with approximately 6.4 million square feet of second generation leases, or approximately $65 per square foot. in addition, we signed leases for approximately 1.3 million square feet at our development properties. the tenant-related obligations for the development properties are included within the projects’ “estimated total investment” referred to in “item 7—management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations—liquidity and capital resources.” in the aggregate, during 2014, we signed leases for approximately 7.7 million square feet of space and incurred aggregate tenant-related obligations of approximately $553 million, or approximately $72 per square foot.
off-balance sheet arrangements—joint venture indebtedness we have investments in unconsolidated joint ventures with our effective ownership interests ranging from 25% to 60%. six of these joint ventures have mortgage indebtedness. we exercise significant influence over, but
110
do not control, these entities and therefore they are presently accounted for using the equity method of accounting. see also note 5 to the consolidated financial statements. at december 31, 2014, the aggregate carrying amount of debt, including both our and our partners’ share, incurred by these ventures was approximately $830.1 million (of which our proportionate share is approximately $351.5 million). the table below summarizes the outstanding debt of these joint venture properties at december 31, 2014. from time to time, we (or the applicable joint venture) have also agreed to guarantee portions of the principal, interest or other amounts in connection with other unconsolidated joint venture borrowings. in addition, we have agreed to customary construction completion guarantees for construction loans, environmental indemnifications and nonrecourse carve-outs (e.g., guarantees against fraud, misrepresentation and bankruptcy) on certain of the loans.
properties                              venture                stated                  gaap           stated                                       maturity date ownership              interest              interest           principal
%                  rate               rate(1)           amount
(dollars in thousands)
540 madison avenue                           60   %              1.66   %              1.83   %       $120,000                     (2   )(3)                june 5, 2018
metropolitan square                          51   %              5.75   %              5.81   %              171,375                                        may 5, 2020
market square north                          50   %              4.85   %              4.91   %              127,692                                        october 1, 2020
annapolis junction building one              50   %              1.90   %              2.06   %               40,713               (4   )                   march 31, 2018
annapolis junction building six              50   %              2.41   %              2.55   %               13,809               (2   )(5)                november 17, 2015
annapolis junction building seven            50   %              1.81   %              2.37   %               14,128               (2   )(6)                april 4, 2016
annapolis junction building eight            50   %              1.66   %              2.09   %               12,358               (2   )(7)                june 23, 2017
500 north capitol street                     30   %              4.15   %              4.19   %              105,000               (2   )                   june 6, 2023
901 new york avenue                          25   %              3.61   %              3.68   %              225,000                                        january 5, 2025
total                                                                                                 $830,075
(1)   gaap interest rate differs from the stated interest rate due to the inclusion of the amortization of financing charges.

(2)   the loan requires interest only payments with a balloon payment due at maturity.

(3)   mortgage loan bears interest at a variable rate equal to libor plus 1.50% per annum.

(4)   mortgage loan bears interest at a variable rate equal to libor plus 1.75% per annum and matures on march 31, 2018 with one, three-year extension option, subject to certain conditions.

(5)   construction financing bears interest at a variable rate equal to libor plus 2.25% per annum.

(6)   the construction financing bears interest at a variable rate equal to libor plus 1.65% per annum and matures on april 4, 2016 with two, one-year extension option, subject to certain conditions.

(7)   the construction financing bears interest at a variable rate equal to libor plus 1.50% per annum and matures on june 23,2017 with two, one-year extension option, subject to certain conditions.

environmental matters it is our policy to retain independent environmental consultants to conduct or update phase i environmental assessments (which generally do not involve invasive techniques such as soil or ground water sampling) and asbestos surveys in connection with our acquisition of properties. these pre-purchase environmental assessments have not revealed environmental conditions that we believe will have a material adverse effect on our business, assets, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity, and we are not otherwise aware of environmental conditions with respect to our properties that we believe would have such a material adverse effect. however, from time to time environmental conditions at our properties have required and may in the future require environmental testing and/or regulatory filings, as well as remedial action.
in february 1999, we (through a joint venture) acquired from exxon corporation a property in massachusetts that was formerly used as a petroleum bulk storage and distribution facility and was known by the state regulatory authority to contain soil and groundwater contamination. we developed an office park on the property. we engaged a specially licensed environmental consultant to oversee the management of contaminated soil and groundwater that was disturbed in the course of construction. under the property acquisition agreement, exxon agreed to (1) bear the liability arising from releases or discharges of oil and hazardous substances which occurred at the site prior to our ownership, (2) continue monitoring and/or remediating such releases and
111
discharges as necessary and appropriate to comply with applicable requirements, and (3) indemnify us for certain losses arising from preexisting site conditions. any indemnity claim may be subject to various defenses, and there can be no assurance that the amounts paid under the indemnity, if any, would be sufficient to cover the liabilities arising from any such releases and discharges.
environmental investigations at some of our properties and certain properties owned by our affiliates have identified groundwater contamination migrating from off-site source properties. in each case we engaged a licensed environmental consultant to perform the necessary investigations and assessments, and to prepare any required submittals to the regulatory authorities. in each case the environmental consultant concluded that the properties qualify under the regulatory program or the regulatory practice for a status which eliminates certain deadlines for conducting response actions at a site. we also believe that these properties qualify for liability relief under certain statutory provisions or regulatory practices regarding upgradient releases. although we believe that the current or former owners of the upgradient source properties may bear responsibility for some or all of the costs of addressing the identified groundwater contamination, we will take such further response actions (if any) that we deem necessary or advisable. other than periodic testing at some of these properties, no such additional response actions are anticipated at this time.
some of our properties and certain properties owned by our affiliates are located in urban, industrial and other previously developed areas where fill or current or historical use of the areas have caused site contamination. accordingly, it is sometimes necessary to institute special soil and/or groundwater handling procedures and/or include particular building design features in connection with development, construction and other property operations in order to achieve regulatory closure and/or ensure that contaminated materials are addressed in an appropriate manner. in these situations it is our practice to investigate the nature and extent of detected contamination and estimate the costs of required response actions and special handling procedures. we then use this information as part of our decision-making process with respect to the acquisition and/or development of the property. for example, we own a parcel in massachusetts which was formerly used as a quarry/asphalt batching facility. pre-purchase testing indicated that the site contained relatively low levels of certain contaminants. we have developed an office park on this property. prior to and during redevelopment activities, we engaged a specially licensed environmental consultant to monitor environmental conditions at the site and prepare necessary regulatory submittals based on the results of an environmental risk characterization. a submittal has been made to the regulatory authorities in order to achieve regulatory closure at this site. the submittal included an environmental deed restriction that mandates compliance with certain protective measures in a portion of the site where low levels of residual soil contamination have been left in place in accordance with applicable laws.
we expect that resolution of the environmental matters described above will not have a material impact on our business, assets, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. however, we cannot assure you that we have identified all environmental liabilities at our properties, that all necessary remediation actions have been or will be undertaken at our properties, that we will be indemnified, in full or at all, or that we will have insurance coverage in the event that such environmental liabilities arise.
out of period adjustment, revision and adoption of new accounting pronouncements out of period adjustment during the year ended december 31, 2014, we recorded an allocation of net income to the noncontrolling interest holder in our fountain square consolidated joint venture totaling approximately $1.9 million related to the cumulative non-cash adjustment to the accretion of the changes in the redemption value of the noncontrolling interest. this resulted in the overstatement of noncontrolling interests in property partnerships by approximately $1.9 million during the year ended december 31, 2014 and an understatement of noncontrolling interests in property partnerships in the aggregate amount of approximately $1.9 million in periods prior to 2014. because this adjustment was not material to the prior periods’ consolidated financial statements and the impact of
112
recording the adjustment in 2014 was not material to our consolidated financial statements, we recorded the related adjustment during the year ended december 31, 2014. the out of period adjustment was identified and recorded during the second quarter of 2014.
revision during the fourth quarter of 2014, we revised the presentation of certain investments in unconsolidated joint ventures with deficit balances to reflect the deficit balances within other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets instead of within investments in unconsolidated joint ventures. the revision resulted in an aggregate of approximately $14.0 million at december 31, 2013 being presented within other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets, which revision was not material to the period.
recent accounting pronouncements on april 10, 2014, the fasb issued asu 2014-08, “reporting discontinued operations and disclosures of disposals of components of an entity” (“asu 2014-08”). asu 2014-08 clarifies that discontinued operations presentation applies only to disposals representing a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on an entity’s operations and financial results (e.g., a disposal of a major geographical area, a major line of business, a major equity method investment or other major parts of an entity). asu 2014-08 is effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2014. early adoption is permitted, and the company early adopted asu 2014-08 during the first quarter of 2014. our adoption of asu 2014-08 resulted in the operating results and gains on sales of real estate from operating properties sold during the year ended december 31, 2014 not being reflected within discontinued operations in our consolidated statements of operations (see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements).
in may 2014, the fasb issued asu 2014-09, “revenue from contract with customers (topic 606)” (“asu 2014-09”). the objective of asu 2014-09 is to establish a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and will supersede most of the existing revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance. the core principle is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. in applying asu 2014-09, companies will perform a five-step analysis of transactions to determine when and how revenue is recognized. asu 2014-09 applies to all contracts with customers except those that are within the scope of other topics in the fasb’s accounting standards codification (“asc”). asu 2014-09 is effective for annual reporting periods (including interim periods within that reporting period) beginning after december 15, 2016 and shall be applied using either a full retrospective or modified retrospective approach. early adoption is not permitted. we are currently assessing the potential impact that the adoption of asu 2014-09 will have on our consolidated financial statements.
in june 2014, the fasb issued asu 2014-12, “accounting for share-based payments when the terms of an award provide that a performance target could be achieved after the requisite service period” (“asu 2014-12”). the amendments in asu 2014-12 require that a performance target that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period be treated as a performance condition. a reporting entity should apply existing guidance in asc topic no. 718, “compensation—stock compensation” (“asc 718”), as it relates to awards with performance conditions that affect vesting to account for such awards. the amendments in asu 2014-12 are effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after december 15, 2015. early adoption is permitted. entities may apply the amendments in asu 2014-12 either: (a) prospectively to all awards granted or modified after the effective date; or (b) retrospectively to all awards with performance targets that are outstanding as of the beginning of the earliest annual period presented in the financial statements and to all new or modified awards thereafter. we do not expect the adoption of asu 2014-12 to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
113
in august 2014, the fasb issued asu 2014-15, “presentation of financial statements—going concern: disclosure of uncertainties about an entity’s ability to continue as a going concern” (“asu 2014-15”). asu 2014-15 requires an entity to evaluate whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the entity’s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or within one year after the financial statements are available to be issued when applicable) and to provide related footnote disclosures in certain circumstances. asu 2014-15 is effective for the annual period ending after december 15, 2016, and for annual and interim periods thereafter with early adoption permitted. we do not expect the adoption of asu 2014-15 to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
in november 2014, the fasb issued asu 2014-16, “determining whether the host contract in a hybrid financial instrument issued in the form of a share is more akin to debt or to equity” (“asu 2014-16”). asu 2014-16 clarifies how current gaap should be interpreted in evaluating the economic characteristics and risks of a host contract in a hybrid financial instrument that is issued in the form of a share. specifically, the amendments clarify that an entity should consider all relevant terms and features—including the embedded derivative feature being evaluated for bifurcation—in evaluating the nature of the host contract. furthermore, the amendments clarify that no single term or feature would necessarily determine the economic characteristics and risks of the host contract. rather, the nature of the host contract depends upon the economic characteristics and risks of the entire hybrid financial instrument. asu 2014-16 is effective for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after december 15, 2015. early adoption is permitted. we do not expect the adoption of asu 2014-16 to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
in february 2015, the fasb issued asu 2015-02, “consolidation (topic 810): amendments to the consolidation analysis” (“asu 2015-02”). asu 2015-02 affects reporting entities that are required to evaluate whether they should consolidate certain legal entities. asu 2015-02 modifies the evaluation of whether limited partnerships and similar legal entities are vies or voting interest entities, eliminates the presumption that a general partner should consolidate a limited partnership and affects the consolidation analysis of reporting entities that are involved with vies, particularly those that have fee arrangements and related party relationships. asu 2015-02 is effective for fiscal years, and for interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after december 15, 2015. early adoption is permitted. a reporting entity may apply the amendments in asu 2015-02 using: (a) a modified retrospective approach by recording a cumulative-effect adjustment to equity as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption; or (b) by applying the amendments retrospectively. we are currently assessing the potential impact that the adoption of asu 2015-02 will have on our consolidated financial statements.
inflation substantially all of our leases provide for separate real estate tax and operating expense escalations over a base amount. in addition, many of our leases provide for fixed base rent increases or indexed increases. we believe that inflationary increases in costs may be at least partially offset by the contractual rent increases and operating expense escalations.
114
item   7a—quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk.

as of december 31, 2014, approximately $9.9 billion of our consolidated borrowings bore interest at fixed rates and none of our consolidated borrowings bore interest at variable rates. the fair value of these instruments is affected by changes in market interest rates. the table below does not include our unconsolidated joint venture debt. for a discussion concerning our unconsolidated joint venture debt, refer to note 5 to the consolidated financial statements and “item 7—management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations—capitalization—off-balance sheet arrangements—joint venture indebtedness.”
2015                2016                  2017                    2018                  2019                             2020+                  total          estimated fair value
(dollars in thousands)
mortgage debt fixed rate                         $80,071              $659,511              $2,855,942               $18,633               $19,670               $675,657             $4,309,484          $4,449,541
gaap average interest rate            5.87   %              5.32   %                3.92   %              5.52   %              5.53   %               4.93   %               4.30   %
variable rate                          —                    —                      —                      —                     —                     —                      —                      —
mezzanine debt fixed rate                          $1,314                $1,389                $307,093                    $—                    $—                     $—               $309,796          $306,156
gaap average interest rate             —                    —                       5.53   %              —                     —                     —                       5.53   %
variable rate                          —                    —                      —                      —                     —                     —                      —                      —
unsecured debt fixed rate                         $(1,644   )           $(1,681   )             $(1,749   )          $848,226              $698,447             $3,746,105             $5,287,704          $5,645,819
gaap average interest rate             —                    —                      —                      3.85   %              5.97   %               4.26   %               4.42   %
variable rate                          —                    —                      —                      —                     —                     —                      —                      —
total debt                         $79,741              $659,219              $3,161,286              $866,859              $718,117             $4,421,762             $9,906,984          $10,401,516
at december 31, 2014, the weighted-average coupon/stated rates on all of our outstanding debt, all of which had a fixed interest rate, was 4.98% per annum. at december 31, 2014 we had no outstanding variable rate debt. the weighted-average coupon/stated rates for our unsecured debt was 4.34% per annum.
the fair value amounts were determined solely by considering the impact of hypothetical interest rates on our financial instruments. due to the uncertainty of specific actions we may undertake to minimize possible effects of market interest rate increases, this analysis assumes no changes in our financial structure.
additional disclosure about market risk is incorporated herein by reference from “item 7—management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations—liquidity and capital resources—market risk.”
115
