item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in this annual report on form 10-k ("annual report"), the term "celanese" refers to celanese corporation, a delaware corporation, and not its subsidiaries. the terms the "company," "we," "our" and "us," refer to celanese and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. the term "celanese us" refers to the company's subsidiary, celanese us holdings llc, a delaware limited liability company, and not its subsidiaries.
the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes to the consolidated financial statements, which are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("us gaap").
investors are cautioned that the forward-looking statements contained in this section and other parts of this annual report involve both risk and uncertainty. several important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these statements. many of these statements are macroeconomic in nature and are, therefore, beyond the control of management. see "forward-looking statements" below.
forward-looking statements management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") and other parts of this annual report contain certain forward-looking statements and information relating to us that are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, us. generally, words such as "believe," "expect," "intend," "estimate," "anticipate," "project," "plan," "may," "can," "could," "might," and "will," and similar expressions, as they relate to us are intended to identify forward-looking statements. these statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. further, certain forward-looking statements are based upon assumptions as to future events that may not prove to be accurate. see "special note regarding forward-looking statements" at the beginning of this annual report for further discussion.
