item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements this document, including the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, contains forward-looking statements that are based upon current expectations. these forward-looking statements fall within the meaning of the federal securities laws that relate to future events or our future financial performance. in some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as "may," "will," "expect," "plan," "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "intend," "potential" or "continue" or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties. our actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in our forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including product performance, a lack of acceptance in the marketplace by physicians and customers, insufficient customer demand, the inability to manufacture products in commercial quantities at an acceptable cost, possible delays in our research and development programs, the inability of customers to receive reimbursements from third-party payors, the impact of competitive products and pricing, our ability to obtain regulatory approvals and introduce new products, other uncertainties related to regulatory processes, our ability to respond to changing laws and regulations affecting our industry and changing enforcement practices related thereto, inadequate financial and other resources, global economic and political conditions, and the other risks set forth below under "risk factors" and elsewhere in this report. we assume no obligation to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this report or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual results.
overview we are a medical device company focused on the design, development and commercialization of continuous glucose monitoring systems for ambulatory use by people with diabetes and for use by healthcare providers in the hospital for the treatment of people with and without diabetes. the majority of our product revenue comes from sales of our g4 platinum ambulatory continuous glucose monitoring system, which we began commercializing in the fourth quarter of 2012. we also have received ce mark approval for the glucoclear in-hospital system, and in partnership with edwards, we initiated a very limited launch of the first generation glucoclear system in europe in 2009 and edwards initiated another limited launch in europe of the second generation glucoclear system in 2013.
from inception to 2006, we devoted substantially all of our resources to start-up activities, raising capital and research and development, including product design, testing, manufacturing and clinical trials. since 2006, we have devoted considerable resources to the commercialization of our ambulatory continuous glucose monitoring systems, including the seven plus and g4 platinum, as well as the continued research and clinical development of our technology platform.
as of december 31, 2014, we generated $690.3 million of product and development grant and other (non-product) revenue, and we have incurred net losses in each year since our inception in may 1999. as of december 31, 2014, we had an accumulated deficit of $497.8 million. we expect our losses to continue as we proceed with our commercialization and research and development activities. we have financed our operations primarily through offerings of equity securities and debt, and the sales of our products. in november 2012, we entered into a loan and security agreement that provides for up to $35.0 million in credit facilities and term loans, with $15.0 million currently available. in july 2013, we were awarded a $4.0 million grant from the helmsley trust to accelerate the development of the sixth generation of our advanced glucose-sensing technologies.
financial operations revenue we sell our durable systems and disposable units through a direct sales force in the united states and through distribution arrangements in the united states, canada, australia, new zealand, and in portions of europe, asia, the middle east and latin america. we have contracts with certain distributors who stock our products who we refer to as stocking distributors, whereby the distributors fulfill orders for our product from their inventory. we also have contracts with certain distributors that do not stock our products, but rather products are shipped directly to the customer by us on behalf of our distributor and we refer to these distributors as drop-ship distributors. we expect that revenues we generate from the sales of our products will fluctuate from quarter to quarter. between 2008 and 2012, we entered into joint development and collaboration agreements with animas and tandem, as well as other third parties under agreements that have since expired or been terminated, under which we recognized development grant and other revenue received pursuant to each agreement ratably over the term of the development period. we recognize development milestones associated with each agreement as revenue upon achievement of each milestone if the milestone is considered substantive.
43
cost of sales product cost of sales includes direct labor and materials costs related to each product sold or produced, including assembly, test labor and scrap, as well as factory overhead supporting our manufacturing operations. factory overhead includes facilities, material procurement and control, manufacturing engineering, quality assurance, supervision and management. these costs are primarily salary, fringe benefits, share-based compensation, facility expense, supplies and purchased services. a portion of our costs are currently fixed due to our moderate level of production volumes compared to our potential capacity. all of our manufacturing costs are included in product cost of sales. development and other cost of sales consists primarily of salaries, fringe benefits, facility expense, and supplies directly attributable to our development or service contracts.
research and development our research and development expenses primarily consist of engineering and research expenses related to our continuous glucose monitoring technology, clinical trials, regulatory expenses, quality assurance programs, materials and products for clinical trials. research and development expenses are primarily related to employee compensation, including salary, fringe benefits, share-based compensation, and temporary employee expenses. we also incur significant expenses to operate our clinical trials including clinical site reimbursement, clinical trial product and associated travel expenses. our research and development expenses also include fees for design services, contractors and development materials.
selling, general and administrative our selling, general and administrative expenses primarily consist of salary, fringe benefits and share-based compensation for our executive, financial, sales, marketing and administrative functions. other significant expenses include trade show expenses, sales samples, insurance, professional fees for our outside legal counsel and independent auditors, litigation expenses, patent application expenses and consulting expenses.
results of operations fiscal year ended december 31, 2014 compared to december 31, 2013
revenue, cost of sales and gross profit product revenue increased $100.0 million to $257.1 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, compared to $157.1 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2013 based primarily on increased sales volume of our durable systems and disposable sensors, due to the continued growth of our installed base of customers using our g4 platinum system. product cost of sales increased $24.2 million to $82.3 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014 compared to $58.1 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2013 primarily due to increased sales volume. the product gross profit of $174.8 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014 increased $75.8 million compared to $99.0 million for the same period in 2013, primarily due to increased revenue and the greater sales mix of our higher margin g4 platinum system compared to our seven plus system.
revenue from products shipped to our drop-ship distributors' customers was $31.8 million, or 12%, of our total revenues for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, compared to $23.4 million, or 15%, of our total revenues for the twelve months ended december 31, 2013. revenue from the shipment of products to stocking distributors was $143.2 million, or 55%, of our total revenues for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, compared to $70.5 million, or 44%, of our total revenues for the twelve months ended december 31, 2013.
development grant and other revenues decreased $0.8 million to $2.1 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, compared to $2.9 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2013. development and other cost of sales decreased $1.2 million to $0.6 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, compared to $1.8 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2013. the decrease in development grant and other revenues during the twelve months ended december 31, 2014 was primarily due to the termination of a research and development agreement with roche diagnostics operations, inc. in february 2013 and the completion of development activities under the collaboration agreement with edwards, partially offset by the $1.0 million milestone received in july 2014 from tandem related to their regulatory submission to the fda of a cgm- enabled insulin pump. the decrease in costs associated with development was primarily due to fewer development obligations during the period with respect to our collaboration and development arrangements.
research and development. research and development expense increased $24.6 million to $69.4 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, compared to $44.8 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2013. the increase was primarily due to additional non-cash share-based compensation costs and additional headcount and consulting costs to support development of future products. significant elements of the increase in research and development costs included $8.5 million in additional share-based compensation, $8.2 million in additional consulting costs, and $6.2 million in additional
44
salaries, bonus and payroll related costs, partially offset by $2.8 million in lower non-cash charges related to fair value adjustments of the sweetspot acquisition contingent consideration resulting from updates to assumed probability of achievement of milestones and adjustments to the discount periods.
selling, general and administrative. selling, general and administrative expense increased $44.2 million to $128.4 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, compared to $84.2 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2013. the increase was primarily due to higher headcount related selling costs and information technology infrastructure costs to support revenue growth and the continued commercialization of our products. significant elements of the increase in selling, general, and administrative expenses included $15.0 million in additional share-based compensation costs, $10.7 million in additional salaries, bonus, and payroll related costs, $4.6 million in additional sales commissions, and $1.5 million in additional temporary labor costs.
interest expense. interest expense was $0.8 million and $0.9 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, and is related to our loan agreement.
income tax expense/benefit. income tax expense was $0.1 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, compared to a benefit of $12,000 for the twelve months ended december 31, 2013. the increase in income tax expense was due to increases in state minimum taxes and foreign income taxes related to our subsidiary in sweden.
fiscal year ended december 31, 2013 compared to december 31, 2012
revenue, cost of sales and gross profit product revenue increased $64.1 million to $157.1 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2013, compared to $93.0 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2012 based primarily on increased sales volume, due, in part, to the commercial launch in october 2012 of the g4 platinum system. product cost of sales increased $9.8 million to $58.1 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2013, compared to $48.3 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2012 primarily due to increased sales volume. the product gross profit of $99.0 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2013 increased $54.3 million compared to $44.7 million for the same period in 2012, primarily due to increased revenue, and the greater sales mix of our higher margin g4 platinum system compared to our seven plus system.
development grant and other revenues decreased $4.0 million to $2.9 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2013, compared to $6.9 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2012. development and other cost of sales decreased $3.2 million to $1.8 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2013, compared to $5.0 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2012. the decrease in revenues associated with development was primarily due to the termination of the roche agreement in february 2013, and the completion of development activities under the collaboration agreement with edwards in the fourth quarter of 2012. the decrease in costs associated with development was primarily due to fewer development obligations during the period with respect to our collaboration and development arrangements.
research and development. research and development expense increased $6.5 million to $44.8 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2013, compared to $38.3 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2012. the increase in research and development expense was primarily due to increased development efforts for our ambulatory products. significant elements of increased research and development expense included $3.0 million in additional salaries, bonus, and payroll related costs and $2.5 million in additional share-based compensation.
selling, general and administrative. selling, general and administrative expense increased $20.2 million to $84.2 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2013, compared to $64.0 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2012. the increase was primarily due to higher selling and information technology costs to support revenue growth and the continued commercialization of our products. significant elements of increased selling, general, and administrative expenses included $7.3 million in additional salaries, bonus, and payroll related costs, $3.4 million in additional share-based compensation costs, $3.2 million in additional sales commissions, and $1.5 million in additional bad debt expense.
interest expense. interest expense increased to $0.9 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2013, compared to $0.2 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2012. the increase in interest expense was primarily due to increased debt obligations under the loan and security agreement we entered into in november 2012.
income tax benefit. income tax benefit was $12,000 for the twelve months ended december 31, 2013, compared to $1.3 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2012. the decrease in income tax benefit was due to the acquisition of sweetspot during the first quarter of 2012 and the release of the valuation allowance against some of our deferred tax assets.
liquidity and capital resources
45
we are in the early commercialization stage and have incurred losses since our inception in may 1999. as of december 31, 2014, we had an accumulated deficit of $497.8 million and had working capital of $105.3 million. our cash, cash equivalents and short-term marketable securities totaled $83.6 million, excluding $1.0 million in restricted cash. to date, we have funded our operations primarily through offerings of equity securities and debt, and the sales of our products.
in july 2013, we were awarded a $4.0 million grant (the "helmsley grant") from the leona m. and harry b. helmsley charitable trust (the "helmsley trust") to accelerate the development of the sixth generation of our advanced glucose-sensing technologies (the "gen 6 sensor"). the funding is milestone based and is contingent upon our meeting specific development milestones related to the gen 6 sensor over the next year. upon the successful commercialization of the gen 6 sensor, we are obligated to either (1) make royalty payments of up to $2.0 million per year for four years, or (2) at our sole election, make a one-time $6.0 million royalty payment. as of december 31, 2014 we have received $3.0 million of the helmsley grant funds.
cash flow summary
(in millions)                                                                  years ended december 31,
2014                                                                           2013                2012
net cash provided by (used in) operating activities    23.6               2.4               (33.1     )
net cash provided by (used in) investing activities   (16.8   )          20.9                28.4
net cash provided by financing activities              21.8              11.8                10.2
net cash provided by/used in operating activities. net cash provided by operating activities increased $21.2 million to $23.6 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, compared to $2.4 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2013. the increase in cash provided by operations was primarily due to $23.8 million in higher non-cash charges primarily comprised of share-based compensation and $7.4 million in lower net loss, partially offset by an additional $10.0 million cash outflow from changes in operating assets and liabilities. the main drivers in the change in operating assets and liabilities included increases in accounts receivable, inventory, and accounts payable and accrued liabilities, all as a result of our growth.
net cash used in operating activities decreased $35.5 million to $2.4 million provided for the twelve months ended december 31, 2013, compared to $33.1 million used for the same period in 2012. the decrease in cash used in operations was primarily due to $24.7 million in lower net loss, and $8.4 million in higher non-cash charges primarily comprised of share-based compensation, partially offset by a one-time non-cash tax benefit of $1.3 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2012.
net cash used in/provided by investing activities. net cash used in investing activities was $16.8 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, compared to $20.9 million net cash provided by investing activities for the twelve months ended december 31, 2013. the change in cash used in investing activities was primarily due to a $31.9 million decrease in proceeds from the maturity of short-term marketable securities and by the use of $16.2 million to purchase equipment to support manufacturing improvements and information technology infrastructure for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, compared to $7.9 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2013, partially offset by a $2.5 million decrease in cash used to purchase short-term marketable securities.
net cash provided by investing activities decreased $7.5 million to $20.9 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2013, compared to $28.4 million for the same period of 2012. the decrease in cash provided by investing activities was due to a $59.2 million decrease in proceeds from the maturity of short-term marketable securities, offset by a $50.1 million decrease in cash used to purchase short-term marketable securities.
for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, we invested $16.2 million, $7.9 million and $9.5 million, respectively, to purchase equipment to support manufacturing improvements and information technology infrastructure.
net cash provided by financing activities. net cash provided by financing activities increased $10.0 million to $21.8 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, compared to $11.8 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2013. the increase was due to a $12.0 million increase in proceeds from the issuance of common stock pursuant to the exercise of then-outstanding stock options for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014 compared to the twelve months ended december 31, 2013, partially offset by the repayment of long-term debt of $2.2 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014.
net cash provided by financing activities increased $1.6 million to $11.8 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2013, compared to $10.2 million for the same period of 2012. the increase was due to increased proceeds from
46
the issuance of common stock pursuant to the exercise of then-outstanding stock options for the twelve months ended december 31, 2013 compared to the same period of 2012.
operating capital and capital expenditure requirements we anticipate that we will continue to incur net losses as we incur expenses and expand the commercialization of our approved products, develop additional continuous glucose monitoring products, and expand our marketing, manufacturing and corporate infrastructure.
we believe that our cash, cash equivalents, short-term marketable securities balances, and projected cash contributions from our commercial operations and existing partnership arrangements will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash requirements with respect to the continued scale-up of our commercialization activities, research and development activities, including clinical trials, the expansion of our marketing, manufacturing and corporate infrastructure, and to meet our other anticipated cash needs through at least december 31, 2015. if our available cash, cash equivalents and short-term marketable securities are insufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements, or if we develop additional products or new markets for our existing products, we may seek to sell additional equity or debt securities or obtain an additional credit facility. the sale of additional equity and debt securities may result in additional dilution to our stockholders. if we raise additional funds through the issuance of debt securities or preferred stock, these securities could have rights senior to those of our common stock and could contain covenants that would restrict our operations. we may require additional capital beyond our currently forecasted amounts. any such required additional capital may not be available on reasonable terms, if at all. additionally,we cannot guaranty that we will be successful in obtaining additional cash contributions from future partnership arrangements. our ability to transition to, and maintain profitable operations is dependent upon achieving a level of revenues adequate to support our cost structure. if events or circumstances occur such that we do not meet our operating plan as expected, or if we are unable to obtain additional financing, we may be required to reduce planned increases in compensation related expenses or other operating expenses related to research, development, and commercialization activities, which could have an adverse impact on our ability to achieve our intended business objectives.
because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with the development of continuous glucose monitoring technologies, we are unable to estimate the exact amounts of capital outlays and operating expenditures associated with our current and anticipated clinical trials. our future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to:
•   the revenue generated by sales of our approved products and other future products;
•   the expenses we incur in manufacturing, developing, selling and marketing our products;
•   the quality levels of our products and services;
•   the third-party reimbursement of our products for our customers;
•   our ability to efficiently scale our manufacturing operations to meet demand for our current and any future products;
•   the costs, timing and risks of delays of additional regulatory approvals;
•   the costs of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing any patent claims and other intellectual property rights;
•   the rate of progress and cost of our clinical trials and other development activities;
•   the success of our research and development efforts;
•   the emergence of competing or complementary technological developments;
•   the terms and timing of any collaborative, licensing and other arrangements that we may establish; and
•   the acquisition of businesses, products and technologies and our ability to integrate and manage any acquired businesses, products and technologies, including without limitation, sweetspot.
contractual obligations in november 2012, we entered into a loan and security agreement (the "loan agreement") that provides for (i) a $15.0 million revolving line of credit and (ii) a total term loan of up to $20.0 million (the "term loan"), in both cases, to be used for general corporate purposes. the borrowings under the loan agreement are collateralized by a first priority security interest in substantially all of our assets as well as a negative pledge on our intellectual property.
the revolving line of credit is an interest-only financing that bears an interest rate equal to the prime rate plus 0.5% and requires repayment of principal at the maturity date of november 2015.under the revolving line of credit, available funds, which were up to $15.0 million as of december 31, 2014 can be drawn at any time, and repaid funds can be redrawn. no amounts have been drawn against the revolving line of credit.
pursuant to the loan agreement, $7.0 million was advanced under the term loan at the funding date in november 2012. the loan agreement initially provided that the remaining $13.0 million in additional funds under the term loan was available
47
upon our request from june 1, 2013 to september 30, 2013 (the "draw period"). in august 2013, the loan agreement was amended to change the draw period for the additional funds under the term loan to january 1, 2014 through march 31, 2014, at which time the draw period expired unused.  the term loan bears a fixed interest rate equal to the three-year treasury rate at the time of advance plus 6.94% and requires payment of interest only for the first year and amortized payments of interest and principal thereafter through the maturity date of november 2016.
on october 1, 2014, we entered into a second amendment to office lease (the "second lease amendment") with kilroy realty, l.p. (the "landlord") with respect to facilities in the buildings at 6340 sequence drive, 6310 sequence drive, and 6290 sequence drive, each in san diego, california (the "buildings"). under the second lease amendment, we will continue to lease approximately 129,000 square feet in our current locations at 6340 sequence drive and 6310 sequence drive, and will lease an additional 45,000 square feet at 6290 sequence drive, for a total of approximately 174,000 square feet of space. we also retain the right and obligation to lease an additional 45,000 square feet in the 6290 sequence drive location. the amended lease term extends through march 2022 and we have an option to renew the lease upon the expiration of the initial term for two additional five-year terms by giving notice to the landlord prior to the end of the initial term of the lease and any extension period, if applicable.
in september 2008, our subsidiary in sweden entered into a three year lease for a small shared office space, which has since been renewed for two additional three-year terms through september 2017 and has a quarterly adjustment clause for rent to increase or decrease in proportion to changes in consumer prices. in july 2012, our subsidiary sweetspot entered into a five year lease for a small office space in a multi-tenant commercial building in portland, oregon. excluding real estate taxes and operating costs, we are required to make total future monthly payments for all of our real estate obligations for the period from january 2015 through march 2022 totaling $32.7 million.
we are party to various purchase arrangements related to components used in manufacturing and research and development activities. as of december 31, 2014, we had firm purchase commitments with certain vendors totaling approximately $18.0 million due within one year. there are no material purchase commitments due beyond one year.
the following table summarizes our outstanding contractual obligations as of december 31, 2014 and the effect those obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flows in future periods (in millions):
contractual obligations:             total           lessthan1 year           1-3years       3-5years   morethan5 years operating leases                 $32.7                  $3.1                 $7.6          $10.2        $11.8
long-term debt                     4.6                   2.3          2.3                      -        -
purchase commitments              18.0                  18.0                    -              -        -
total                            $55.3                 $23.4                 $9.9          $10.2        $11.8
off-balance sheet arrangements we have not engaged in any off-balance sheet activities.
critical accounting policies and estimates the discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our consolidated financial statements, which we have prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap. the preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements as well as the reported revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. on an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments. we base our estimates on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
while our significant accounting policies are more fully described in note 1 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k, we believe that the following accounting policies and estimates are most critical to a full understanding and evaluation of our reported financial results.
revenue recognition we sell our durable systems and disposable units through a direct sales force in the united states and through distribution arrangements in the united states, canada, australia, new zealand, and in portions of europe, asia, the middle east and latin america. components are individually priced and can be purchased separately or together. we receive payment directly from customers who use our products, as well as from distributors, organizations and third-party payors. our durable system includes
48
a reusable transmitter, a receiver, a power cord, data management software and a usb cable. disposable sensors for use with the durable system are sold separately in packages of four. the initial durable system price is generally not dependent upon the purchase of any amount of disposable sensors.
revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, the price is fixed or determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured. revenue on product sales is generally recognized upon shipment, which is when title and the risk of loss have been transferred to the customer and there are no other post shipment obligations. with respect to customers who directly pay for products, the products are generally paid for at the time of shipment using a customer's credit card and do not include customer acceptance provisions. we recognize revenue from contracted insurance payors based on the contracted rate. for non-contracted insurance payors, we obtain prior authorization from the payor and recognize revenue based on the estimated collectible amount and historical experience. we also receive a prescription or statement of medical necessity and, for insurance reimbursement customers, an assignment of benefits prior to shipment.
we provide a "30-day money back guarantee" program whereby customers who purchase a durable system and a package of four disposable sensors may return the durable system for any reason within thirty days of purchase and receive a full refund of the purchase price of the durable system. we accrue for estimated returns, refunds and rebates, including pharmacy rebates, by reducing revenues and establishing a liability account at the time of shipment based on historical experience. returns have historically been immaterial.
we have entered into distribution agreements with edgepark, byram and other distributors that allow the distributors to sell our durable systems and disposable units. revenue on product sales to distributors is generally recognized at the time of shipment, which is when title and risk of loss have been transferred to the distributor and there are no other post-shipment obligations. revenue is recognized based on contracted prices and invoices are either paid by check following the issuance of a purchase order or letter of credit, or they are paid by wire at the time of placing the order. terms of distributor orders are generally freight on board ("fob") shipping point (free carrier ("fca") shipping point for international orders). distributors do not have rights of return per their distribution agreement outside of our standard warranty. the distributors typically have a limited time frame to notify us of any missing, damaged, defective or non-conforming products. for any such products, we shall either, at our option, replace the portion of defective or non-conforming product at no additional cost to the distributor or cancel the order and refund any portion of the price paid to us at that time for the sale in question.
we have collaborative license and development arrangements with strategic partners for the development and commercialization of products utilizing our technologies. the terms of these agreements typically include multiple deliverables by us (for example, license rights, provision of research and development services and manufacture of clinical materials) in exchange for consideration to us of some combination of non-refundable license fees, funding of research and development activities, payments based upon achievement of clinical development milestones and royalties in the form of a designated percentage of product sales or profits. with the exception of royalties, these types of consideration are classified as development grant and other revenue in our consolidated statements of operations and are generally recognized over the service period except for substantive milestone payments, which are generally recognized when the milestone is achieved. in determining whether each milestone is substantive, we considered whether the consideration earned by achieving the milestone should (i) be commensurate with either (a) our performance to achieve the milestone or (b) the enhancement of value of the item delivered as a result of a specific outcome resulting from our performance to achieve the milestone, (ii) relate solely to past performance and (iii) be reasonable relative to all deliverables and payment terms in the arrangement. we recognize royalties as product revenue in the period in which we obtain the royalty report, which is necessary to determine the amount of royalties we are entitled to receive.
non-refundable license fees are recognized as revenue when we have a contractual right to receive such payment, the contract price is fixed or determinable, the collection of the resulting receivable is reasonably assured and we have no further performance obligations under the license agreement. multiple element arrangements, such as license, development and other multiple element service arrangements, are analyzed to determine how the arrangement consideration should be allocated among the separate units of accounting, or whether they must be accounted for as a single unit of accounting.
for transactions containing multiple element arrangements, we consider deliverables as separate units of accounting and recognize deliverables as revenue upon delivery only if (i) the deliverable has standalone value and (ii) if the arrangement includes a general right of return relative to the delivered item(s), delivery or performance of the undelivered item(s) is probable and substantially controlled by us. we allocate consideration to the separate units of accounting using the relative selling price method, in which allocation of consideration is based on vendor-specific objective evidence ("vsoe") if available, third-party evidence ("tpe"), or if vsoe and tpe are not available, management's best estimate of a standalone selling price for elements.
we use judgment in estimating the value allocable to the deliverables in an agreement based on our estimate of the fair value or relative selling price attributable to the related deliverables and the consideration from such an agreement is typically
49
recognized as product revenue or development grant and other revenue. for arrangements that are accounted for as a single unit of accounting, total payments under the arrangement are recognized as revenue on a straight-line basis over the period we expect to complete our performance obligations. we review the estimated period of our performance obligations on a periodic basis and update the recognition period as appropriate. the cumulative amount of revenue earned is limited to the cumulative amount of payments we are entitled to as of the period ending date.
if we cannot reasonably estimate when our performance obligation either ceases or becomes inconsequential, then revenue is deferred until we can reasonably estimate when the performance obligation ceases or becomes inconsequential. revenue is then recognized over the remaining estimated period of performance. deferred revenue amounts are classified as current liabilities to the extent that revenue is expected to be recognized within one year.
significant management judgment is required in determining the level of effort required under an arrangement and the period over which we are expected to complete our performance obligations under an arrangement.
share-based compensation share-based compensation expense is measured at the grant date based on the estimated fair value of the award and is recognized, for awards that are ultimately expected to vest, primarily on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the individual grants, which typically equals the vesting period. share-based payments that contain performance conditions are recognized when such conditions are probable of being achieved.
the fair value of our restricted stock units (rsus) is based on the market price of our common stock on the date of grant. we estimate the fair value of stock options granted and stock purchases under our espp using the black-scholes-merton (bsm) option-pricing model. inherent in this model are assumptions related to our expected stock price volatility over the expected term of the awards, risk-free interest rate and any expected dividends. we determine our expected stock price volatility based on our historical stock price volatility over the most recent period equivalent to the expected life of the award. we determine the expected life of an award by considering various relevant factors, including the vesting period and contractual term of the award, our employees' historical exercise patterns and length of service and employee characteristics. for stock purchases under our espp, the expected life is equal to the current offering period. the risk-free interest rate assumption is based upon observed interest rates appropriate for the expected life of our employee stock options and stock purchase plan. as we have not paid any cash dividends since our inception and do not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future, we assume a dividend yield of zero.
we are also required to estimate at grant the likelihood that the award will ultimately vest (the "pre-vesting forfeiture rate"), and to revise the estimate, if necessary, in future periods if the actual forfeiture rate differs. we determine the pre-vesting forfeiture rate of an award based on our historical pre-vesting award forfeiture experience, giving consideration to company-specific events impacting historical pre-vesting award forfeiture experience that are unlikely to occur in the future as well as anticipated future events that may impact forfeiture rates. we use our historical data to estimate pre-vesting forfeitures and record stock-based compensation expense only for those awards that are expected to vest.
we recorded $50.0 million, $24.6 million and $18.4 million in share-based compensation expense during the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. at december 31, 2014, unrecognized estimated compensation costs related to unvested restricted stock units totaled $105.1 million and are expected to be recognized through 2018.
inventory inventory is valued at the lower of cost or market value on a part-by-part basis that approximates first in, first out. we make adjustments to reduce the cost of inventory to its net realizable value, if required, for estimated excess, obsolete and potential scrapped inventories. factors influencing these adjustments include inventories on hand and on order compared to estimated future usage and sales for existing and new products, as well as judgments regarding quality control testing data, and assumptions about the likelihood of scrap and obsolescence. once written down the adjustments are considered permanent and are not reversed until the related inventory is sold or disposed.
warranty accrual estimated warranty costs are recorded at the time of shipment. we estimate future warranty costs by analyzing the timing, cost and amount of returned product. assumptions and historical warranty experience are evaluated on at least a quarterly basis to determine the continued appropriateness of such assumptions.
fair value measurements we base the fair value of our level 1 financial instruments that are in active markets using quoted market prices for identical instruments. our level 1 financial instruments include certificates of deposit.
50
we obtain the fair value of our level 2 financial instruments, which are not in active markets, from a primary professional pricing source using quoted market prices for identical or comparable instruments, rather than direct observations of quoted prices in active markets. fair value obtained from this professional pricing source can also be based on pricing models whereby all significant observable inputs, including maturity dates, issue dates, settlement date, benchmark yields, reported trades, broker-dealer quotes, issue spreads, benchmark securities, bids, offers or other market related data, are observable or can be derived from or corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the asset.
we validate the quoted market prices provided by our primary pricing service by comparing the fair values of our level 2 marketable securities portfolio balance provided by our primary pricing service against the fair values of our level 2 marketable securities portfolio balance provided by our investment managers.
certain contingent consideration liabilities are classified within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy because they use unobservable inputs. for those liabilities, fair value is determined using a probability-weighted discounted cash flow model, the significant inputs which, which include the probability and timing of achievement and the estimated discount rate, are not observable in the market.
recent accounting guidance in july 2013, the fasb issued authoritative guidance for presentation of an unrecognized tax benefit when a net operating loss carryforward, a similar tax loss, or a tax credit carryforward exists, which provides explicit guidance on the financial statement presentation of an unrecognized tax benefit when a net operating loss carryforward, a similar tax loss, or a tax credit carryforward exists. the guidance is effective prospectively for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after december 15, 2013, with early adoption permitted. we adopted this guidance on january 1, 2014, and the adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements or related financial statement disclosures.
in may 2014, the fasb issued authoritative guidance for revenue from contracts with customers, to supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under u.s. gaap. the core principle of the guidance is to recognize revenues when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that is expected to be received for those goods or services. the guidance defines a five step process to achieve this core principle and it is possible when the five step process is applied, more judgment and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process than required under existing u.s. gaap including identifying performance obligations in the contract, estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. the updated standard permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method and is effective for us in our first quarter of fiscal 2017. early adoption is not permitted. we have not yet selected a transition method and we are currently evaluating the effect that the updated standard will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.
