management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations growth initiatives may not achieve desired business or financial objectives and may require a significant use of resources in excess of those estimated or budgeted for such initiatives.
the company continues to identify and pursue growth opportunities through both organic growth initiatives and inorganic initiatives. these growth opportunities include development and commercialization or licensing of innovative new products and technologies and related employee leadership, expertise, and skill development and retention, expansion into new markets and geographic regions, and alliances, ventures, and acquisitions that complement and extend the company's portfolio of businesses and capabilities.  there can be no assurance that such innovation, development and commercialization or licensing efforts, investments, or acquisitions and alliances (including integration of acquired businesses) will result in financially successful commercialization of products, or acceptance by existing or new customers, or successful entry into new markets or otherwise achieve their underlying strategic business objectives or that they will be beneficial to the company's results of operations.  there also can be no assurance regarding the timing of completion of proposed acquisitions or licensing, expected benefits of proposed acquisitions or licensing, completion of integration plans, and synergies therefrom.  there also can be no assurance that capital projects for growth efforts can be completed within the time or at the costs projected due, among other things, to demand for and availability of construction materials and labor and obtaining regulatory approvals and operating permits and reaching agreement on terms of key agreements and arrangements with potential suppliers and customers.  any such delays or cost overruns or the inability to obtain such approvals or to reach such agreements on acceptable terms could negatively affect the returns from any proposed or current investments and projects.
significant acquisitions expose the company to risks and uncertainties, the occurrence of any of which could materially adversely affect the company's business, financial condition, and results of operations.
while acquisitions have been and continue to be a part of the company's growth strategy, acquisitions of large companies (such as the acquisition of taminco and solutia) subject the company to a number of risks and uncertainties, the occurrence of any of which could have a material adverse effect on eastman. these include, but are not limited to the possibilities that the financial performance of the acquired business may be significantly worse than expected; that significant additional indebtedness may constrain the company's ability to access the credit and capital markets at attractive interest rates and favorable terms, which may negatively impact the company's liquidity or ability to pursue certain growth initiatives; that the company may not be able to achieve the cost, revenue, tax, or other "synergies" expected from any acquisition, or that there may be delays in achieving any such synergies; that management's time and effort may be dedicated to the new business resulting in a loss of focus on the successful operation of the company's existing businesses; and that the company may be required to expend significant additional resources in order to integrate any acquired business into eastman or that the integration efforts will not achieve the expected benefits.
legislative or regulatory actions could increase the company's future compliance costs.
the company and its facilities and businesses are subject to complex health, safety and environmental laws and regulations, which require and will continue to require significant expenditures to remain in compliance with such laws and regulations.  the company's accruals for such costs and associated liabilities are subject to changes in estimates on which the accruals are based.  for example, any amount accrued for environmental matters reflects the company's assumptions about remediation requirements at the contaminated site, the nature of the remedy, the outcome of discussions with regulatory agencies and other potentially responsible parties at multi-party sites, and the number and financial viability of other potentially responsible parties.  changes in the estimates on which the accruals are based, unanticipated government enforcement action, or changes in health, safety, environmental, chemical control regulations, and testing requirements could result in higher costs.  specifically, pending and proposed u.s. federal legislation and regulation increase the likelihood that the company's manufacturing sites will in the future be impacted by regulation of greenhouse gas emissions and energy policy, which legislation and regulation, if enacted, may result in capital expenditures, increases in costs for raw materials and energy, limitations on raw material and energy source and supply choices, and other direct compliance costs.
74
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in addition to the foregoing most significant known risk factors to the company, there may be other factors, not currently known to the company, which could, in the future, materially adversely affect the company, its business, financial condition, or results of operations.  the foregoing discussion of the most significant risk factors to the company does not necessarily present them in order of importance.  this disclosure, including that under "outlook" and other forward-looking statements and related disclosures made by the company in this annual report and elsewhere from time to time, represents management's best judgment as of the date the information is given.  the company does not undertake responsibility for updating any of such information, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law.  investors are advised, however, to consult any further public company disclosures (such as in filings with the securities and exchange commission or in company press releases) on related subjects.
75
item 7a.   quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk 
