item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview expeditors international of washington, inc. is a global logistics company. the company's services include air and ocean freight consolidation and forwarding, customs clearance, warehousing and distribution, purchase order management, vendor consolidation, time-definite transportation services, cargo insurance and other logistics solutions. the company does not compete for overnight courier or small parcel business. as a non-asset based carrier, the company does not own or operate transportation assets.
the company derives its revenues from three principal sources: 1) airfreight services, 2) ocean freight and ocean services, and 3) customs brokerage and other services. these are the revenue categories presented in the financial statements.
the company generates the major portion of its air and ocean freight revenues by purchasing transportation services on a wholesale basis from direct (asset-based) carriers and reselling those services to its customers on a retail basis. the difference between the rate billed to customers (the sell rate) and the rate paid to the carrier (the buy rate) is termed "net revenue" (a non-gaap measure), "yield or "margin." by consolidating shipments from multiple customers and concentrating its buying power, the company is able to negotiate favorable buy rates from the direct carriers, while at the same time offering lower sell rates than customers would otherwise be able to negotiate themselves. the most significant drivers of changes in gross revenues and related transportation expenses are volume, sell rates and buy rates. volume has a similar effect on the change in both gross revenues and related transportation expenses in each of the company's three primary sources of revenue.
| 14.
in most cases the company acts as an indirect carrier. when acting as an indirect carrier, the company will issue a house airway bill (hawb) or a house ocean bill of lading (hobl) to customers as the contract of carriage. in turn, when the freight is physically tendered to a direct carrier, the company receives a contract of carriage known as a master airway bill for airfreight shipments and a master ocean bill of lading for ocean shipments. in these transactions, the company is the primary obligor and is required to compensate direct carriers for services performed regardless of whether customers accept the service, has latitude in establishing price, has discretion in selecting the direct carrier and has credit risk. the company is the principal in these transactions and reports revenue and the related expenses on a gross basis.
for revenues earned in other capacities, for instance, when the company does not issue a hawb or a hobl or otherwise acts solely as an agent for the shipper, only the commissions and fees earned for such services are included in revenues. in these transactions, the company is not a principal and reports only commissions and fees earned in revenue.
customs brokerage and other services involves providing services at destination, such as helping customers clear shipments through customs by preparing and filing required documentation, calculating and providing for payment of duties and other taxes on behalf of customers as well as arranging for any required inspections by governmental agencies, and arranging for delivery. these are complicated functions requiring technical knowledge of customs rules and regulations in the multitude of countries in which the company has offices.
the company is managed along four geographic areas of responsibility: americas; asia pacific; europe; and middle east, africa and india (mair). each area is divided into sub-regions which are composed of operating units with individual profit and loss responsibility. the company's business involves shipments between operating units and typically touches more than one geographic area. the nature of the international logistics business necessitates a high degree of communication and cooperation among operating units. because of this inter-relationship between operating units, it is very difficult to examine any one geographic area and draw meaningful conclusions as to its contribution to the company's overall success on a stand-alone basis. the following chart shows net revenues by geographic areas of responsibility for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012:
the company's operating units share revenue using the same arms-length pricing methodologies the company uses when its offices transact business with independent agents. the company charges its subsidiaries and affiliates for services rendered in the united states on a cost recovery basis. the company's strategy closely links compensation with operating unit profitability. individual success is closely linked to cooperation with other operating units within the network.
the mix of services varies by segment based primarily on the import or export orientation of local operations in each region. in accordance with the company's revenue recognition policy (see note 1. e to the consolidated financial statements of this report), almost all freight revenues and related expenses are recorded at origin and shipment profits are split between origin and destination offices by recording a commission fee or profit share revenue at destination and a corresponding commission or profit share expense as a component of origin consolidation costs. the asia pacific segment is the company's largest export oriented region and accounted for 49% of revenues and 39% of operating income for the year
| 15.
ended december 31, 2014. asia pacific's operating income as a percentage of revenue is lower than other segments due to the largely export nature of operations in that region.
strategy and culture the company has pursued a strategy emphasizing organic growth supplemented by certain strategic acquisitions. from the inception of the company, management has believed that the elements required for a successful global service organization can only be assured through recruiting, training, and ultimately retaining superior personnel. the company's greatest challenge is now and always has been perpetuating a consistent global corporate culture which demands:
•   total dedication, first and foremost, to providing superior customer service;
•   compliance with company policies and government regulations;
•   aggressive marketing of all of the company's service offerings;
•   ongoing development of key employees and management personnel via formal and informal means;
•   creation of unlimited advancement opportunities for employees dedicated to hard work, personal growth and continuous improvement;
•   individual commitment to the identification and mentoring of successors for every key position so that when inevitable change occurs, a qualified and well-trained internal candidate is ready to step forward; and
•   continuous identification, design and implementation of system solutions, both technological and otherwise, to meet and exceed the needs of the company's customers while simultaneously delivering tools to make the company's employees more efficient and more effective.
the company reinforces these values with a compensation system that rewards employees for profitably managing the things they can control. this compensation system has been in place since the company became a publicly traded entity. there is no limit to how much a key manager can be compensated for success. the company believes in a "real world" environment in every operating unit where individuals are not sheltered from the profit implications of their decisions. if these decisions result in operating losses,management must make up these losses with future operating profits, in the aggregate, before any cash incentive compensation can be earned. executive management, in very limited circumstances, has made exceptions at the branch operating unit level. at the same time, the company insists on continued focus on such things as accounts receivable collection, cash flow management and credit soundness in an attempt to insulate managers from the sort of catastrophic errors that might end a career.
any failure to perpetuate this unique culture on a self-sustained basis throughout the company provides a greater threat to the company's continued success than any external force, which would be largely beyond its control. the company strongly believes that it is nearly impossible to predict events that, in the aggregate, could have a positive or a negative impact on future operations. as a result, management's focus is on building and maintaining a global corporate culture and an environment where well-trained employees and managers are prepared to identify and react to changes as they develop and thereby help the company adapt and thrive as major trends emerge.
the company's ability to provide services to its customers is highly dependent on good working relationships with a variety of entities including airlines, steamship lines, ground transportation providers and governmental agencies. the significance of maintaining acceptable working relationships with these entities has gained increased importance as a result of ongoing concern over terrorism and increased governmental regulation and oversight of international trade. a good reputation helps to develop practical working understandings that will assist in meeting security requirements while minimizing potential international trade obstacles, especially as governments promulgate new regulations and increase oversight and enforcement of new and existing laws. the company considers its current working relationships with these entities to be satisfactory.  over the last two years, airline profitability has improved though many air carriers remain highly leveraged with debt. the ocean steamship line industry has incurred significant losses in recent years and many carriers are highly leveraged with debt. this situation has required the company to be increasingly selective in determining which carriers to utilize. further changes in the financial stability, operating capabilities and capacity of asset-based carriers, space allotments available from carriers, governmental regulations, and/or trade accords could adversely affect the company's business in unpredictable ways.
in 2014, the company completed a comprehensive strategic assessment of its market positions and organizational structures. the primary purpose of the strategic assessment is to focus management's expertise to create an environment where the company will be both unified and confident in allocating its resources in areas that maximize the total returns to its stakeholders. the company's strategic assessment has resulted in the following four basic, broad key strategic initiatives:
•   ensure every operating unit's base-line growth strategies for the air, ocean and customs services both defend existing market share and grow at the rate of that unit's (i.e. district or region) relevant market growth rate. transcon and distribution services are expected to maintain current growth rates.
•   align and integrate european-asian pacific interests and european-north americas interest to the same degree asian pacific and americas interests have historically been aligned. this alignment is expected to result in additional growth in these markets beyond the base-line growth expectations, referenced above.
•   leverage our long and deeply entrenched presence in various asian export markets, and the reputation we have with strategic carriers servicing those markets, to create a stronger asian import presence while concentrating and enhancing export capabilities in key strategic lanes, particularly into and out of china and southeast asia. this is expected to create additional product growth opportunities in these markets.
•   expand market share growth and position in north america, traditionally the company's most strategic market.
| 16.
international trade and competition the company operates in 63 countries in the competitive global logistics industry and company activities are closely tied to the global economy. international trade is influenced by many factors, including economic and political conditions in the united states and abroad, currency exchange rates, and laws and policies relating to tariffs, trade restrictions, foreign investments and taxation. periodically, governments consider a variety of changes to current tariffs and trade restrictions and accords. the company cannot predict which, if any, of these proposals may be adopted, or the effects the adoption of any such proposal will have on the company's business. doing business in foreign locations also subjects the company to a variety of risks and considerations not normally encountered by domestic enterprises. in addition to being influenced by governmental policies concerning international trade, the company's business may also be affected by political developments and changes in government personnel or policies, as well as economic turbulence, political unrest and security concerns in the nations in which it does business and the future impact that these events may have on international trade and oil prices.
the global logistics services industry is intensely competitive and is expected to remain so for the foreseeable future. consistent with continuing uncertainty in global economic conditions, concerns over volatile fuel costs, rising costs in general, disruptions in port services, political unrest and fluctuating currency exchange rates, the company's pricing and terms continue to be pressured by customers, carriers and service providers which has resulted in a compression of the company's unitary margins during 2014. we expect these competitive conditions to continue.
recent declines in oil prices did not significantly impact buy and sell rates in 2014. however, in 2015 customers have begun to seek reductions in rates related to lower oil prices. currently, there is uncertainty as to how buy rates will be impacted due to a number of factors, including that some carriers having hedged fuel costs through 2015. presently, most carriers have not incorporated lower fuel costs in their pricing structure. because fuel is an integral part of carriers' costs and impacts both the company's cargo space buy rates and its sell rates to customers, the company would expect its gross revenues and costs to decline should lower fuel prices persist. the company would not expect an adverse effect on net revenues resulting from a decline in oil prices.
the company cannot predict what impact ongoing uncertainties in the global economy may have on its operating results, freight volumes, pricing, changes in consumer demand, carrier stability and capacity, customers' abilities to pay or on changes in competitors' behavior.
critical accounting estimates a summary of the company's significant accounting policies can be found in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements in this report.
management believes that the nature of the company's business is such that there are few complex challenges in accounting for operations. while judgments and estimates are a necessary component of any system of accounting, the company's use of estimates is limited primarily to the following areas:
•   accounts receivable valuation;
•   accrual of costs related to ancillary services the company provides;
•   accrual of insurance liabilities for the portion of the related exposure which the company has self-insured;
•   accrual of various tax liabilities;
•   accrual of loss contingencies; and
•   calculation of stock-based compensation expense.
these estimates, other than the accrual of loss contingencies and calculation of stock-based compensation expense, are not highly uncertain and have not historically been subject to significant change. management believes that the methods utilized in all of these areas are non-aggressive in approach and consistent in application. management believes that there are limited, if any, alternative accounting principles or methods which could be applied to the company's transactions. while the use of estimates means that actual future results may be different from those contemplated by the estimates, the company believes that alternative principles and methods used for making such estimates would not produce materially different results than those reported.
the outcomes of government investigations, legal proceedings and claims brought against the company are subject to significant uncertainty. an estimated loss from a contingency such as a government investigation, legal proceeding or claim is accrued by a charge to income if it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. disclosure of a loss contingency is required if there is at least a reasonable possibility that a significant loss has been incurred. in determining whether a loss should be accrued, management evaluates several factors, including advice from outside legal counsel, in order to estimate the degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome and make a reasonable estimate of the amount of loss or range of reasonably possible loss. changes in these factors could have a material impact on the company's financial position, results of operations and operating cash flows for any particular quarter or year.
the company is subject to taxation in multiple u.s. and foreign tax jurisdictions. as discussed in note 1.f to the consolidated financial statements in this report, earnings of the company's foreign subsidiaries are not considered to be indefinitely reinvested outside of the united states and, accordingly, u.s. federal and state income taxes are provided for all undistributed earnings net of related foreign tax credits. accounting for income taxes involves judgment. the company believes its tax positions, including intercompany transfer pricing policies, are reasonable and consistent. as a matter of course, the company is audited by various taxing authorities, and sometimes these audits result in proposed assessments where the ultimate resolution could result in the company owing additional taxes. the company establishes liabilities when, despite its belief that the tax return positions are appropriate and consistent with tax law, it concludes that it may not be successful in realizing the tax benefit. in evaluating a tax position, the company determines whether it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. the company's estimate of any ultimate tax liability contains assumptions based on past experiences, judgments about potential actions by taxing jurisdictions as well as judgments about the likely
| 17.
outcome of issues that have been raised by the taxing jurisdiction. the company believes the estimates and assumptions used to support its evaluation of its tax positions are reasonable. however, final determinations of tax liabilities could be materially different from estimates.
as described in note 1.h to the consolidated financial statements in this report, the company accounts for stock-based compensation based on an estimate of the fair value of options granted to employees under the company's stock option and stock purchase rights plans. this expense, as adjusted for expected forfeitures, is recorded on a straight-line basis over the vesting period.
determining the appropriate option pricing model to use to estimate stock compensation expense requires judgment. any option pricing model requires assumptions that are subjective and these assumptions also require judgment. examples include assumptions about long-term stock price volatility, employee exercise patterns, pre-vesting option forfeitures, post-vesting option terminations, and future interest rates and dividend yields. the company uses the black-scholes model for estimating the fair value of stock options.
management believes that the assumptions used are appropriate based upon the company's historical and currently expected future experience. looking to future events, management has been strongly influenced by historical patterns which may not be valid predictors of future developments and any future deviation may be material.
the company's expected volatility assumptions are based on the historical volatility of the company's stock over a period of time commensurate to the expected life. the expected life assumption is primarily based on historical employee exercise patterns and employee post-vesting termination behavior. the risk-free interest rate for the expected term of the option is based on the corresponding yield curve in effect at the time of grant for u.s. treasury bonds having the same term as the expected life of the option, i.e. a ten year bond rate is used for valuing an option with a ten year expected life. the expected dividend yield is based on the company's historical experience. the forfeiture assumption used to calculate compensation expense is primarily based on historical pre-vesting employee forfeiture patterns.
the fair value of an option is more significantly impacted by changes in the expected volatility and expected life assumptions. the pre-vesting forfeitures assumption is ultimately adjusted to the actual forfeiture rate. therefore, changes in the forfeitures assumption would not impact the total amount of expense ultimately recognized over the vesting period. different forfeiture assumptions would only impact the timing of expense recognition over the vesting period. estimated forfeitures are reassessed in subsequent periods and may change based on new facts and circumstances.
results of operations the following table shows the total net revenues (a non-gaap measure calculated as revenues less directly related operations expenses attributable to the company's principal services) and the company's expenses for 2014, 2013, and 2012 expressed as percentages of net revenues. management believes that net revenues are a better measure than total revenues when analyzing and discussing management's effectiveness in managing the company's principal services since total revenues earned by the company as a freight consolidator include the carriers' charges to the company for carrying the shipment, whereas revenues earned by the company in its other capacities include primarily the commissions and fees actually earned by the company. net revenue is one of the company's primary operational and financial measures that demonstrates the ability of the company to manage sell rates to customers with its ability to concentrate and leverage its purchasing power through effective consolidation of shipments from multiple customers utilizing a variety of transportation carriers and optimal routings. using net revenue also provides a commonality for comparison among various services.
| 18.
the table, chart and the accompanying discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto in this report.
2014                                                  2013                                                  2012
in thousands                                                                            amount         percentof netrevenues                  amount         percentof netrevenues                  amount         percent of net revenues airfreight services:
revenues                                                                       $2,780,840                                            $2,633,830                                            $2,600,916
expenses                                                                        2,103,777                                             1,994,374                                             1,983,696
net revenues                                                                      677,063                    34            %            639,456                    34            %            617,220                     34             %
ocean freight and ocean services:
revenues                                                                        2,174,394                                             1,958,231                                             1,974,891
expenses                                                                        1,712,795                                             1,521,340                                             1,542,170
net revenues                                                                      461,599                    23                         436,891                    23                         432,721                     24
customs brokerage and other services:
revenues                                                                        1,609,487                                             1,488,196                                             1,416,408
expenses                                                                          766,722                                               681,690                                               630,979
net revenues                                                                      842,765                    43                         806,506                    43                         785,429                     42
total net revenues                                                              1,981,427                   100                       1,882,853                   100                       1,835,370                    100
overhead expenses:
salaries and related costs                                                      1,065,329                    54                       1,032,601                    55                         995,052                     54
other                                                                             321,450                    16                         298,179                    16                         309,520                     17
total overhead expenses                                                         1,386,779                    70                       1,330,780                    71                       1,304,572                     71
operating income                                                                  594,648                    30                         552,073                    29                         530,798                     29
other income, net                                                                  16,241                     1                          20,523                     1                          19,595                      1
earnings before income taxes                                                      610,889                    31                         572,596                    30                         550,393                     30
income tax expense                                                                231,429                    12                         222,585                    12                         217,424                     12
net earnings                                                                      379,460                    19                         350,011                    18                         332,969                     18
less net earnings (losses) attributable to the noncontrolling interest              2,572                     -                           1,485                     -                            (391    )                 -
net earnings attributable to shareholders                                        $376,888                    19            %           $348,526                    18            %           $333,360                     18             %
| 19.
2014 compared with 2013
airfreight services:
airfreight services revenues increased 6% in 2014, as compared with 2013, due to a 9% increase in tonnage that was partially offset by lower sell rates in response to competitive market conditions in north america and asia pacific. airfreight services expenses increased 5% in 2014 as compared with 2013, as the increase in tonnage was slightly offset by negotiating lower buy rates with carriers, primarily on exports from north america and asia pacific.
airfreight services net revenues in 2014 increased 6% as compared with 2013. the increase was principally due to a 9% improvement in airfreight tonnage, partially offset by a 3% decrease in net revenue per kilo. north america export tonnage grew by 14%, while net revenues increased by only 8% as the reduction in average sell rates to customers exceeded the reduction in average buy rates negotiated with carriers. europe net revenues increased 17% primarily due to a 23% growth in export tonnage as a result of new customers. asia pacific net revenues remained flat. the 4% growth in export tonnage in asia pacific was offset by lower average sell rates in response to competitive market conditions, which resulted in a 4% reduction in net revenue per kilo.
the company expects the global airfreight market to continue to be affected by carrier overcapacity and the timing of new product launches. customers remain focused on improving supply-chain efficiency, reducing overall logistics costs by negotiating lower rates and utilizing ocean freight whenever possible. the company expects these trends to continue in conjunction with carriers' efforts to manage available capacity, however, this could be affected by new product launches during periods that have historically experienced higher demands. these factors create a higher degree of volatility in volumes and ultimately buy and sell rates.
ocean freight and ocean services:
ocean freight and ocean services revenues increased 11% in 2014 as compared with 2013, due primarily to an 11% increase in container volume. in the first half of 2014, the company implemented sell rate reductions to maintain existing customers and grow market share. during the second half of 2014 average rates increased due to higher overall demand in the marketplace. ocean freight and ocean services expenses increased 13% in 2014 as compared with 2013, primarily as the result of the increase in volume and higher costs in ocean freight consolidation. container volume is measured in terms of forty-foot container equivalent units (feus).
ocean freight and ocean services net revenues increased 6% in 2014 as compared with 2013. ocean freight net revenues are comprised of three basic services: ocean freight consolidation, direct ocean forwarding and order management. the largest component of the company's ocean freight net revenue is derived from ocean freight consolidation which represented 45% and 46% of ocean freight net revenue in 2014 and 2013, respectively.
| 20.
ocean freight consolidation net revenues increased 4% in 2014 as compared with 2013. this increase was due primarily to an 11% growth in container volume, largely offset by the effect of reducing sell rates, principally in the first half of 2014. this resulted in a 6% decrease in net revenue per kilo, primarily in north america and asia pacific.
direct ocean freight forwarding net revenues increased 6% in 2014, as compared with 2013, as a result of higher volumes, principally in north america, asia pacific and europe. order management net revenues increased 9% in 2014, as compared with 2013, due to additional services and volumes with new and existing customers, primarily in north america. the overall margins in order management declined due to higher costs, primarily in asia pacific.
north america ocean freight and ocean services net revenues increased 7% in 2014, as compared with 2013, primarily due to an increase in ocean freight consolidation in the second half of the year and growth in order management. europe net revenues increased 4%, primarily due to an increase in direct ocean forwarding. asia pacific net revenues increased 5% due primarily to an increase in both direct ocean forwarding and ocean freight consolidation volumes.
customs brokerage and other services:
customs brokerage and other services revenues and expenses increased 8% and 12%, respectively, in 2014 as compared with 2013, as a result of increased volumes from existing and new customers and higher costs in import and delivery services.
customs brokerage and other services net revenues increased 4% in 2014 as compared with 2013, primarily as a result of higher volumes from existing and new customers in north america. the margin percentage declined primarily as a result of higher import costs and lower yields in time-definite transcon services. customers continue to seek out customs brokers with sophisticated computerized capabilities critical to an overall logistics management program, including rapid responses to changes in the regulatory and security environment.
north america, asia pacific and europe net revenues increased 6%, 1% and 4%, in 2014 as compared with 2013, primarily as a result of higher volumes from existing and new customers.
overhead expenses:
salaries and related costs increased 3% in 2014, as compared with 2013, primarily due to an increase in the number of employees in north america and europe and higher base salaries. in 2014, the company benefited from a reduction in expense resulting from favorable claims experience in its employee healthcare self-insurance program.
historically, the relatively consistent relationship between salaries and net revenues is the result of a compensation philosophy that has been maintained since the inception of the company: offer a modest base salary and the opportunity to share in a fixed and determinable percentage of the operating profit of the business unit controlled by each key employee. using this compensation model, changes in individual incentive compensation will occur in proportion to changes in company operating income, creating a direct alignment between corporate performance and shareholder interests. bonuses to executive management in 2014 were down 2% as compared with 2013, primarily as a result of a reduction in the 2014 bonus pool to recoup the retirement bonus expensed in 2013 for peter j. rose, the company's former chairman and chief executive officer. excluding the recovery of the retirement bonus, bonuses to executive management increased 7%. the company's management incentive compensation programs have always been incentive-based and performance driven and there is no built-in bias that favors or enriches management in a manner inconsistent with overall corporate performance. salaries and related costs decreased 1% as a percentage of net revenues in 2014 as compared with 2013 as the growth in net revenues outpaced salary and related cost increases from the increase in the number of employees and higher base salaries.
because the company's management incentive compensation programs are also cumulative, no management bonuses can be paid unless the relevant business unit is, from inception, cumulatively profitable. any operating losses must have been offset in their entirety by operating profits before management is eligible for a bonus. executive management, in very limited circumstances, has made exceptions at the branch operating unit level. since the most significant portion of management compensation comes from the incentive bonus programs, the company believes that this cumulative feature is a disincentive to excessive risk taking by its managers. due to the nature of the company's services, it has a short operating cycle. the outcome of any higher risk transactions, such as overriding established credit limits, would be known in a relatively short time frame. management believes that when the potential and certain impact on the bonus is fully considered in light of this short operating cycle, the potential for short term gains that could be generated by engaging in risky business practices is sufficiently mitigated to discourage excessive and inappropriate risk taking. management believes that both the stability and the long term growth in revenues, net revenues and net earnings are a result of the incentives inherent in the company's compensation program.
other overhead expenses increased 8% in 2014, as compared with 2013. the increase in expenses is primarily due to (i) consulting fees and costs associated with the company's strategic assessment and organizational changes; (ii) higher costs related to investments in software and systems; (iii) increased building, maintenance and warehousing costs; (iv) higher travel costs, and (v) higher business taxes partially offset by a recovery of bad debt expense, and reduced legal and claims costs. other overhead expenses remained constant as a percentage of net revenues in 2014, as compared with 2013.
income tax expense:
the company pays income taxes in the united states and other jurisdictions. the company's consolidated effective income tax rate decreased to 37.9% in 2014, as compared with 38.9% in 2013. the decrease in the effective tax rate is principally the result of an increasingly higher proportion of the company's total outstanding stock-based compensation expense being for non-qualified stock options grants. the tax benefit associated with non-qualified stock option grants is recorded when the related compensation expense is recognized while the tax benefit received for incentive stock options and employee stock purchase plan shares cannot be anticipated and are recognized if and when a disqualifying disposition occurs.
| 21.
2013 compared with 2012
airfreight services:
airfreight services revenues and related expenses in 2013 both increased 1% as compared with 2012. a 4% increase in tonnage was offset by lower sell and buy rates that reflected continued soft market conditions primarily caused by higher available capacity relative to demand and effective carrier utilization by the company.
airfreight services net revenues in 2013 increased 4% as compared with 2012. the increase in airfreight services net revenues was principally due to a 4% increase in airfreight tonnage while net revenue per kilo remained relatively constant.
north america, asia pacific and europe airfreight services net revenues increased 3%, 4% and 3%, respectively, in 2013 as compared with 2012, while airfreight export tonnage increased 2%, 3% and 4% in north america, asia pacific and europe, respectively.
ocean freight and ocean services:
ocean freight and ocean services revenues and expenses both decreased 1% in 2013 as compared with 2012 primarily driven by lower sell rates to customers and buy rates from carriers, reflecting increased carrier capacity that outpaced overall market demand. the decreases in sell and buy rates were partially offset by a 6% increase in container volumes in 2013 as compared with 2012.
ocean freight and ocean services net revenues increased 1% in 2013 as compared with 2012, primarily resulting from additional services and volumes with new and existing customers utilizing order management services.
in 2013 and 2012, the majority of the company's ocean freight net revenue was derived from ocean freight consolidation, which represented 46% and 47%, respectively, of ocean freight net revenue. ocean freight consolidation net revenues decreased 1% in 2013 as compared with 2012, primarily due to a 7% decrease in net revenue per container, offset by a 6% increase in container volume. in 2013, ocean carriers attempted on several occasions throughout the year to increase prices. ultimately, these efforts were relatively unsuccessful and market ocean rates fell in the face of ongoing capacity issues. in order to maintain and grow market share, the company reacted to these market trends by temporarily absorbing carrier cost increases, when the company anticipated such cost increases would be temporary and could not be sustained by the carriers. the company also implemented rate reductions with its customers where needed to reflect market conditions, mostly on exports from china.
order management net revenues increased 6% in 2013, as compared with 2012, due to additional services and volumes with new and existing customers. direct ocean freight forwarding remained flat in 2013, as compared with 2012.
north america and europe ocean freight and ocean services net revenues increased 3% and 2%, respectively, while asia pacific ocean freight net revenues decreased by 2%, in 2013 as compared with 2012.the decrease in net revenues in asia pacific is due to the company implementing sell rate reductions to customers, primarily in the second half of 2013, which on average outpaced buy rate reductions negotiated with carriers, and was partially offset by a 15% increase in container volume.
customs brokerage and other services:
customs brokerage and other services revenues and expenses increased 5% and 8%, respectively, in 2013 as compared with 2012, as a result of increased volumes from existing and new customers and higher costs in time-definite transcon services.
customs brokerage and other services net revenues increased 3% in 2013 as compared with 2012, primarily as a result of higher volumes from existing and new customers. the margin percentage declined primarily as a result of higher costs in time-definite transcon services.
north america and asia pacific customs brokerage and other services net revenues both increased 4%, in 2013 as compared with 2012, primarily as a result of higher volumes. these increases were partially offset by a 1% decline in europe related to the economic challenges in europe.
overhead expenses:
salaries and related costs increased 4% in 2013, as compared with 2012, primarily due to increases in base salaries, higher field and executive management bonuses earned as a result of increases in operating income and accrual of a retirement bonus. salaries and related costs increased 1% as a percentage of net revenues in 2013 as compared with 2012 primarily due to increases in base salaries and a retirement bonus.
bonuses to field and executive management in 2013 were both up 4% as compared with 2012, primarily as a result of a 4% increase in operating income. additionally, in the fourth quarter of 2013 the company and mr. rose entered into a succession agreement (agreement). mr. rose retired as chief executive officer of the company effective march 1, 2014. pursuant to the agreement, mr. rose receives a retirement bonus equal to the amount he would have received under the 2008 executive incentive compensation plan (plan) for 2014 and the first five months of 2015, based on the same percentage of the pool under the plan that was used to calculate his incentive compensation for the quarter ended june 30, 2013. the company recorded $8 million in the fourth quarter of 2013 for this retirement bonus. as allowed by the plan, the compensation committee of the company did not reallocate mr. rose's current percentage of the available pool to other officers or key employees in 2014 and will not until actual payments made to mr. rose under the agreement are complete and an amount equal to the total retirement bonus paid has been recouped.
other overhead expenses decreased 4% in 2013, as compared with 2012. the 2012 results included a fine of €4.14 million ($5.5 million) related to the european commission's finding against the company for anti-competitive behavior, a $6 million adjustment for certain foreign indirect withholding taxes, and $3 million of expense associated with the write-off of capitalized real estate projects that the company decided not to continue pursuing. the impact of these 2012 items was partially offset by an $8 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense in 2013 as a result of investments in technology and building and leasehold improvements and higher costs of claims. other overhead expenses decreased 1% as a percentage of net revenues in 2013, as compared with 2012.
| 22.
income tax expense:
the company's consolidated effective income tax rate decreased to 38.9% in 2013, as compared to 39.5% in 2012. the decrease in the effective tax rate is due to lower non-deductible expenses as compared to the prior year period and less of a negative impact in the current year period associated with the company's stock-based compensation arrangements when compared to the prior year period.
currency and other risk factors the nature of the company's worldwide operations necessitates the company dealing with a multitude of currencies other than the u.s. dollar. this results in the company being exposed to the inherent risks of volatile international currency markets and governmental interference. some of the countries where the company maintains offices and/or agency relationships have strict currency control regulations which influence the company's ability to hedge foreign currency exposure. the company tries to compensate for these exposures by accelerating international currency settlements among its offices or agents. the company may enter into foreign currency hedging transactions where there are regulatory or commercial limitations on the company's ability to move money freely around the world or the short-term financial outlook in any country is such that hedging is the most time-sensitive way to mitigate short-term exchange losses. any such hedging activity during 2014, 2013 and 2012 was insignificant. the company had no foreign currency derivatives outstanding at december 31, 2014 and 2013. net foreign currency losses were approximately $4 million, $3 million and $9 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
international air and ocean freight forwarding and customs brokerage are intensively competitive and are expected to remain so for the foreseeable future. there are a large number of entities competing in the international logistics industry, many of which have significantly more resources than the company; however, the company's primary competition is confined to a relatively small number of companies within this group. the industry continues to experience consolidations into larger firms striving for stronger and more complete multinational and multi-service networks. however, regional and local brokers and forwarders remain a competitive force.
the primary competitive factors in the international logistics industry continue to be price and quality of service, including reliability, responsiveness, expertise, convenience, and scope of operations. the company emphasizes quality customer service and believes that its prices are competitive with those of others in the industry. customers regularly solicit bids from competitors in order to improve service, pricing and contractual terms such as seeking longer payment terms, higher or unlimited liability limits and performance penalties. increased competition and competitors' acceptance of expanded contractual terms could result in reduced revenues, reduced margins, higher operating costs or loss of market share, any of which would damage the company's results of operations and financial condition.
larger customers utilize more sophisticated and efficient procedures for the management of their logistics supply chains by embracing strategies such as just-in-time inventory management. the company believes that this trend has resulted in customers using fewer service providers with greater technological capacity and more consistent global coverage. accordingly, sophisticated computerized customer service capabilities and a stable worldwide network have become significant factors in attracting and retaining customers. developing and maintaining these systems and a worldwide network has added a considerable indirect cost to the services provided to customers. smaller and middle-tier competitors, in general, do not have the resources available to develop customized systems and a worldwide network.
liquidity and capital resources the company's principal source of liquidity is cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and cash generated from operating activities. net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended december 31, 2014 was $395 million, as compared with $408 million for 2013. this $13 million decrease is primarily due to changes in working capital accounts partially offset by higher earnings. at december 31, 2014, working capital was $1,305 million, including cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments of $967 million. the company had no debt at december 31, 2014. management believes that the company's current cash position and operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet its capital and liquidity requirements for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future, including meeting any contingent liabilities related to standby letters of credit and other obligations.
as a customs broker, the company makes significant cash advances for a select group of its credit-worthy customers. these cash advances are for customer obligations such as the payment of duties to customs authorities in various countries throughout the world. cash advances are a "pass through" and are not recorded as a component of revenue and expense. the billings of such advances to customers are accounted for as a direct increase in accounts receivable from the customer and a corresponding increase in accounts payable to governmental customs authorities. as a result of these "pass through" billings, the conventional days sales outstanding or dso calculation does not directly measure collection efficiency. for customers that meet certain criteria, the company has agreed to extend payment terms beyond its customary terms. management believes that the company has effective credit control procedures, and historically has experienced relatively insignificant collection problems.
the company's business is subject to seasonal fluctuations. cash flow fluctuates as a result of this seasonality. historically, the first quarter shows an excess of customer collections over customer billings. this results in positive cash flow. the increased activity associated with peak season (typically commencing late second or early third quarter and continuing well into the fourth quarter) causes an excess of customer billings over customer collections. this cyclical growth in customer receivables consumes available cash.
cash used by investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2014 was $79 million, as compared with $77 million for 2013. the company made net investments in short-term investments of $14 million and $26 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively. the company had capital expenditures of $37 million in 2014 as compared with $53 million in 2013. capital expenditures in 2014 related primarily to continuing investments in technology, office furniture and equipment and leasehold improvements. the company does have need, on occasion, to purchase buildings to house staff and to facilitate the staging of customers' freight. during the second quarter of 2014, the company deposited $27 million in an escrow account for an expected land acquisition. total anticipated capital expenditures in 2015 are currently estimated to be $85 million. this includes routine capital expenditures plus additional real estate development.
cash used in financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2014 was $606 million as compared with $332 million in 2013. the company uses the proceeds from stock option exercises, employee stock purchases and available cash to repurchase company common stock on the open market to limit the growth in issued and outstanding shares. also, the company used cash to repurchase additional common stock of 11.0 million and 3.8 million shares in 2014 and 2013, respectively, to reduce the number of total shares outstanding. in 2013 the company purchased the
| 23.
noncontrolling interest of a consolidated subsidiary. during 2014 and 2013, the company paid dividends of $0.64 per share and $0.60 per share, respectively.
the company has a non-discretionary stock repurchase plan to repurchase shares from the proceeds of stock option exercises. as of december 31, 2014, the company had repurchased and retired 27,433,977 shares of common stock at an average price of $25.50 per share over the period from 1994 through 2014. during 2014, 1,525,827 shares were repurchased at an average price of $43.00 per share.
the company has a discretionary stock repurchase plan under which management is allowed to repurchase such shares to reduce the issued and outstanding stock to 190,000,000 shares of common stock. as of december 31, 2014, the company had repurchased and retired 44,129,166 shares of common stock at an average price of $38.12 per share over the period from 2001 through 2014. during 2014, 11,572,236 shares were repurchased at an average price of $41.93 per share. on february 24, 2015, the plan was amended by the board of directors to authorize management to reduce issued and outstanding stock to 188,000,000 shares of common stock.
the company follows established guidelines relating to credit quality, diversification and maturities of its investments to preserve principal and maintain liquidity. the company's investment portfolio has not been adversely impacted by the disruption in the credit markets. however, there can be no assurance that the company's investment portfolio will not be adversely affected in the future.
the company cannot predict what impact ongoing uncertainties in the global economy may have on its operating results, freight volumes, pricing, changes in consumer demand, carrier stability and capacity, customers' abilities to pay or on changes in competitors' behavior.
the company maintains international unsecured bank lines of credit. at december 31, 2014, the company was contingently liable for $74 million from standby letters of credit and guarantees. the standby letters of credit and guarantees relate to obligations of the company's foreign subsidiaries for credit extended in the ordinary course of business by direct carriers, primarily airlines, and for duty and tax deferrals available from governmental entities responsible for customs and value-added-tax (vat) taxation. the total underlying amounts due and payable for transportation and governmental excises are properly recorded as obligations in the books of the respective foreign subsidiaries, and there would be no need to record additional expense in the unlikely event the parent company is required to perform.
amount of commitment expiration per period in thousands                               totalamountscommitted         less than 1year              1 - 3years            3 - 5years         after 5 years standby letters of credit and guarantees   $73,902                       63,598                    9,965           339                         -
at december 31, 2014, the company's contractual obligations are as follows:
payments due by period in thousands                                                        total     less than1 year            1 - 3years        3 - 5years            after 5 years contractual obligations:
operating leases                                                 $123,328    40,693                  50,380                23,194                9,061
unconditional purchase obligations                                 44,090    44,090                       -                -                     -
construction, equipment and technology purchase obligations        18,372    13,921                   4,451                -                     -
total contractual cash obligations                               $185,790    98,704                  54,831                23,194                9,061
the company enters into short-term unconditional purchase obligations with asset-based providers reserving space on a guaranteed basis. the pricing of these obligations varies to some degree with market conditions. the company only enters into agreements that management believes the company can fulfill with relative ease. historically, the company has met these obligations in the normal course of business. management believes, in line with historical experience, committed purchase obligations outstanding as of december 31, 2014 will be fulfilled during 2015 in the company's ordinary course of business.
the company's foreign subsidiaries regularly remit dividends to the u.s. parent company after evaluating their working capital requirements and needs to finance local capital expenditures. in some cases, the company's ability to repatriate funds from foreign operations may be subject to foreign exchange controls. at december 31, 2014, cash and cash equivalent balances of $565 million were held by the company's non-united states subsidiaries, of which $52 million was held in banks in the united states. earnings of the company's foreign subsidiaries are not considered to be indefinitely reinvested outside of the united states and, accordingly, a deferred tax liability has been accrued for all undistributed earnings, net of foreign related tax credits, that are available to be repatriated.
impact of inflation to date, the company's business has not been adversely affected by inflation. direct carrier rate increases could occur over the short- to medium-term period. due to the high degree of competition in the market place, these rate increases can lead to an erosion in the company's margins. as the company is not required to purchase or maintain extensive property and equipment and has not otherwise incurred substantial interest rate-sensitive indebtedness, the company currently has limited direct exposure to increased costs resulting from increases in interest rates.
off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2014, the company did not have any material off-balance-sheet arrangements, as defined in item 303(a)(4)(ii) of sec regulation s-k.
| 24.
