item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
hewlett-packard company and subsidiaries   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") is organized as follows:
• overview.  a discussion of our business and overall analysis of financial and other highlights affecting the company to provide context for the remainder of md&a. the overview analysis compares fiscal 2014 to fiscal 2013.
• critical accounting policies and estimates.  a discussion of accounting policies and estimates that we believe are important to understanding the assumptions and judgments incorporated in our reported financial results.
• results of operations.  an analysis of our financial results comparing fiscal 2014 and fiscal 2013 to the prior years. a discussion of the results of operations at the consolidated level is followed by a more detailed discussion of the results of operations by segment.
• liquidity and capital resources.  an analysis of changes in our cash flows and a discussion of our financial condition and liquidity.
• contractual and other obligations.  an overview of contractual obligations, retirement and post-retirement benefit plan funding, restructuring plans, uncertain tax positions and off-balance sheet arrangements.
we intend the discussion of our financial condition and results of operations that follows to provide information that will assist the reader in understanding our consolidated financial statements, the changes in certain key items in those financial statements from year to year, and the primary factors that accounted for those changes, as well as how certain accounting principles, policies and estimates affect our consolidated financial statements. this discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere in this document.
october 2014 announcement of hp separation transaction on october 6, 2014, we announced plans to separate into two independent publicly-traded companies: one comprising our enterprise technology infrastructure, software, services and financing businesses, which will conduct business as hewlett-packard enterprise and one that will comprise our printing and personal systems businesses, which will conduct business as hp inc. the separation is subject to certain conditions, including, among others, obtaining final approval from hp's board of directors, receipt of a favorable opinion and/or rulings with respect to the tax-free nature of the transaction for federal income tax purposes and the effectiveness of a form 10 filing with the sec. the separation is expected to be completed by the end of fiscal 2015. under the separation plan, hp shareholders will own shares of both hewlett-packard enterprise and hp inc. the following chart provides an overview of the planned separation and segment revenues of the respective businesses based on hp's fiscal 2014 results, excluding corporate investments and intercompany eliminations.
42
hewlett-packard company and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
the following overview, results of operations and liquidity discussions and analysis compare fiscal 2014 to fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2013 to fiscal 2012, unless otherwise noted. the capital resources and contractual and other obligations discussions present information as of october 31, 2014, unless otherwise noted.
overview we are a leading global provider of products, technologies, software, solutions and services to individual consumers, small- and medium-sized businesses ("smbs") and large enterprises, including customers in the government, health and education sectors. our offerings span the following: personal computing and other access devices; imaging- and printing-related products and services; enterprise information technology ("it") infrastructure, including enterprise server and storage technology, networking products and solutions, technology support and maintenance; multi-vendor customer services, including technology consulting, outsourcing and support services across infrastructure, applications and business process domains; and it management software, application testing and delivery software, information management solutions, big data analytics and security intelligence/risk management solutions. we have seven segments for financial reporting purposes: personal systems, printing, the enterprise group ("eg"), enterprise services ("es"), software, hp financial services ("hpfs") and corporate investments.
43
hewlett-packard company and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
the following provides an overview of our key financial metrics by segment for fiscal 2014:

net revenue(1)                                      $111,454           $34,303            $22,979           $57,282            $27,814              $22,398             $3,933             $3,498         $302
year-over-year change %                                 (0.8    )%         6.6   %           (3.8   )%          2.2   %           (1.0   )%            (6.9   )%          (2.2   )%          (3.6   )%         nm earnings from operations(1)                           $7,185            $1,270             $4,185            $5,455             $4,008                 $803               $872               $389         $(199     )
earnings from operations as a % of net revenue           6.4     %         3.7   %           18.2   %           9.5   %           14.4   %              3.6   %           22.2   %           11.1   %          nm year-over-year change percentage points                  0.0   pts         0.7   pts          1.7   pts         0.7   pts         (0.8   ) pts          0.8   pts          0.6   pts          0.1   pts        nm net earnings                                          $5,013
net earnings per share basic                                                  $2.66
diluted                                                $2.62
(1)
hp consolidated net revenue excludes intersegment net revenue and other. segment earnings from operations exclude corporate and unallocated costs, stock-based compensation expense, amortization of intangible assets, restructuring charges and acquisition-related charges.
(2)
"nm" represents not meaningful.
hp net revenue declined 0.8% (decreased 0.4% on a constant currency basis) in fiscal 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013. the leading contributors to the hp net revenue decline were key account runoff in es and lower printing supplies volume. partially offsetting the net revenue decline was growth in personal systems from commercial personal computers ("pcs"), which experienced growth across all product categories, along with growth in consumer notebooks. hp's gross margin increased by 0.8 percentage points in fiscal 2014 due primarily to service delivery efficiencies and improvements in underperforming contracts in es and favorable currency impacts from the japanese yen and continued cost structure improvements in printing. we continue to experience gross margin pressures resulting from a competitive pricing environment across our hardware portfolio. hp's operating margin was flat for fiscal 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013 due to the gross margin increase, improved business performance primarily in printing, es and personal systems, and lower intangible asset amortization, offset by higher restructuring charges, investments in research and development ("r&d"), and higher selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") expenses. the increase in sg&a expenses was partially offset by gains from sales of real estate.
our business continues to produce significant cash flow from operations, generating $12.3 billion in fiscal 2014. additionally, we invested $3.0 billion in property, plant and equipment net of proceeds from sales, repurchased $2.7 billion of common stock and paid dividends of $1.2 billion to stockholders. as of october 31, 2014, cash and cash equivalents and short- and long-term investments were $15.5 billion, representing an increase of approximately $3.0 billion from october 31, 2013.
we continue to experience challenges that are representative of trends and uncertainties that may affect our business and results of operations. one set of challenges relates to continuing dynamic and accelerating market trends. another set of challenges relates to changes in the competitive landscape. our major competitors are expanding their product and service offerings with integrated products and
44
hewlett-packard company and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
solutions, our business-specific competitors are exerting increased competitive pressure in targeted areas and are entering new markets, our emerging competitors are introducing new technologies and business models, and our alliance partners in some businesses are increasingly becoming our competitors in others. a third set of challenges relates to business model changes and our go-to-market execution. the macroeconomic weakness we have experienced has moderated in some geographic regions but remains an overall challenge. a discussion of some of these challenges at the segment level is set forth below.
• in personal systems, we have been negatively impacted by the market shift towards tablet products within mobility products, which has reduced the demand for pcs, particularly consumer notebooks. if benefits from our new product investments in this area do not materialize, we will continue to be negatively impacted by this trend. however, the pace of the market decline is slowing with signs of stabilization and hp is gaining market share. in personal systems, we are maintaining our strategic focus on profitable growth through improved market segmentation with respect to multi-os, multi-architecture, geography, customer segments and other key attributes. in fiscal 2014, personal systems experienced revenue growth in commercial pcs with growth across all product categories, particularly notebooks, along with growth in consumer notebooks. the increase in demand was due in part to customers migrating from the windows xp operating system, benefits from the delayed installed base refresh cycle and new product introductions.
• in printing, we are experiencing the impact of the growth in mobility and demand challenges in consumer and commercial markets, as well as an overall competitive pricing environment. to be successful in addressing these challenges, we need to continue to execute on our key initiatives of focusing on products targeted at high usage categories, developing emerging market opportunities and introducing new revenue delivery models to consumer customers. in fiscal 2014, printing experienced a revenue decline and an increase in operating profit as we continued our print strategies, with a focus on driving high value printer unit placements. in the consumer market, our ink in the office products are driving unit volume due to demand for our officejet pro product lines, particularly our officejet pro x printers which leverage our page-wide array technology. the ink in the office initiative targets shifting ink into smbs more profitably. in the commercial market, our focus is on placing higher value printer units which also offer a positive annuity of toner. we are accomplishing this in two growth areas, in multi-function printers with recently introduced products that are increasing demand and in managed print services, which presents a strong after-market supplies opportunity. we plan to continue this focus on replenishing the installed base with value-added units, and expanding our innovative ink and laser programs.
• in eg, we are experiencing revenue challenges due to multiple market trends, including the increasing demand for hyperscale computing infrastructure products, the transition to cloud computing and a highly competitive pricing environment. in addition, demand for our business critical systems ("bcs") products continues to weaken along with the overall market for unix products and the effect of lower bcs revenue is impacting technology services ("ts"). to be successful in overcoming these challenges, we must address business model shifts and go-to-market execution challenges, and continue to pursue new product innovation in areas such as cloud and data center computing, software-defined networking, storage, blade servers and wireless networking. in fiscal 2014, eg experienced a decline in revenue and operating profit due to the previously mentioned challenging market environment, in particular weak market demand in bcs and market shifts impacting storage. elsewhere in eg, we experienced areas of
45
hewlett-packard company and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
growth in industry standard servers ("iss"), networking and ts, due in part to product innovation and new product introductions in cloud and data center computing. these products build on our existing capabilities in cloud, security, big data and converged infrastructure and include cloudsystem 8, hp helion, hp apollo and support solutions such as proactive data center and flexible capacity services.
• in es, we are facing execution challenges, including managing the revenue runoff from several large contracts, pressured public sector spending, a competitive pricing environment and market pressures from a mixed economic recovery in europe, the middle east and africa ("emea"). to be successful in addressing these challenges, we must execute on the es multi-year turnaround plan, which includes a cost reduction initiative to align our costs to our revenue trajectory, a focus on new logo wins and strategic enterprise services ("ses") and initiatives to improve execution in sales performance and accountability, contracting practices and pricing. in fiscal 2014 these factors continued to impact both es revenue and operating profit.
• in software, we are facing challenges, including the market shift to software-as-a-service ("saas") and go-to-market execution challenges. to be successful in addressing these challenges, we must improve our go-to-market execution with multiple product delivery models which better address customer needs and achieve broader integration across our overall product portfolio as we work to capitalize on important market opportunities in cloud, big data and security. in fiscal 2014 these factors continued to impact software revenue and operating profit.
to address these challenges, we continue to pursue innovation with a view towards developing new products and services aligned with market demand, industry trends and the needs of our customers and partners. in addition, we need to continue to improve our operations, with a particular focus on enhancing our end-to-end processes and efficiencies. we also need to continue to optimize our sales coverage models, align our sales incentives with our strategic goals, improve channel execution, strengthen our capabilities in our areas of strategic focus, and develop and capitalize on market opportunities.
for a further discussion of trends, uncertainties and other factors that could impact our operating results, see the section entitled "risk factors" in item 1a, which is incorporated herein by reference.
critical accounting policies and estimates general the consolidated financial statements of hp are prepared in accordance with united states ("u.s.") generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"), which require management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net revenue and expenses, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying amount of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. management has discussed the development, selection and disclosure of these estimates with the audit committee of hp's board of directors. management believes that the accounting estimates employed and the resulting amounts are reasonable; however, actual results may differ from these estimates. making estimates and judgments about future events is inherently unpredictable and is subject to significant uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. should any of these estimates and assumptions change or prove to have been incorrect, it could have a material impact on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
46
hewlett-packard company and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
a summary of significant accounting policies is included in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8, which is incorporated herein by reference. an accounting policy is deemed to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made, if different estimates reasonably could have been used, or if changes in the estimate that are reasonably possible could materially impact the financial statements. management believes the following critical accounting policies reflect the significant estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition we recognize revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or services are rendered, the sales price or fee is fixed or determinable and collectibility is reasonably assured, as well as other revenue recognition principles, including industry specific revenue recognition guidance.
we enter into contracts to sell our products and services, and while many of our sales agreements contain standard terms and conditions, there are agreements we enter into which contain non-standard terms and conditions. further, many of our arrangements include multiple elements. as a result, significant contract interpretation may be required to determine the appropriate accounting, including the identification of deliverables considered to be separate units of accounting, the allocation of the transaction price among elements in the arrangement and the timing of revenue recognition for each of those elements.
we recognize revenue for delivered elements as separate units of accounting when the delivered elements have standalone value to the customer. for elements with no standalone value, we recognize revenue consistent with the pattern of the associated deliverables. if the arrangement includes a customer-negotiated refund or return right or other contingency relative to the delivered items and the delivery and performance of the undelivered items is considered probable and substantially within our control, the delivered element constitutes a separate unit of accounting. in arrangements with combined units of accounting, changes in the allocation of the transaction price between elements may impact the timing of revenue recognition for the contract but will not change the total revenue recognized for the contract.
we establish the selling prices used for each deliverable based on vendor-specific objective evidence ("vsoe") of selling price, if available, third-party evidence ("tpe"), if vsoe of selling price is not available, or estimated selling price ("esp"), if neither vsoe of selling price nor tpe is available. we establish vsoe of selling price using the price charged for a deliverable when sold separately and, in rare instances, using the price established by management having the relevant authority. tpe of selling price is established by evaluating largely similar and interchangeable competitor products or services in standalone sales to similarly situated customers. esp is established based on management's judgment considering internal factors such as margin objectives, pricing practices and controls, customer segment pricing strategies and the product life cycle. consideration is also given to market conditions such as competitor pricing strategies and industry technology life cycles. we may modify or develop new go-to-market practices in the future, which may result in changes in selling prices, impacting both vsoe of selling price and esp. in most arrangements with multiple elements, the transaction price is allocated to the individual units of accounting at inception of the arrangement based on their relative selling price. however, the aforementioned factors may result in a different allocation of the transaction price to deliverables in multiple element arrangements entered into in future periods. this may change the pattern and timing of revenue recognition for identical
47
hewlett-packard company and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
arrangements executed in future periods, but will not change the total revenue recognized for any given arrangement.
we reduce revenue for customer and distributor programs and incentive offerings, including price protection, promotions, other volume-based incentives and expected returns. future market conditions and product transitions may require us to take actions to increase customer incentive offerings, possibly resulting in an incremental reduction of revenue at the time the incentive is offered. for certain incentive programs, we estimate the number of customers expected to redeem the incentive based on historical experience and the specific terms and conditions of the incentive.
for hardware products, we recognize revenue generated from direct sales to end customers and indirect sales to channel partners (including resellers, distributors and value-added solution providers) when the revenue recognition criteria are satisfied. for indirect sales to channel partners, we recognize revenue at the time of delivery when the channel partner has economic substance apart from hp and hp has completed its obligations related to the sale.
for the various software products we sell (e.g., operating system software, network enabling software, it and management software and enterprise security software), we assess whether the software products were sold standalone or with hardware products. if the software sold with a hardware product is not essential to the functionality of the hardware and is more-than-incidental, we treat it as a software deliverable.
we recognize revenue from the sale of perpetual software licenses at inception of the license term, assuming all revenue recognition criteria have been satisfied. term-based software license revenue is generally recognized ratably over the term of the license. we use the residual method to allocate revenue to software licenses at inception of the arrangement when vsoe of fair value for all undelivered elements, such as post-contract support, exists and all other revenue recognition criteria have been satisfied. revenue from maintenance and unspecified upgrades or updates provided on an if-and-when-available basis is recognized ratably over the period during which such items are delivered.
for hosting or saas arrangements, we recognize revenue as the service is delivered, generally on a straight-line basis, over the contractual period of performance. in hosting arrangements where software licenses are sold, license revenue is generally recognized according to whether perpetual or term licenses are sold, when all other revenue recognition criteria are satisfied. in hosting arrangements that include software licenses, we consider the rights provided to the customer (e.g., ownership of a license, contract termination provisions and feasibility of the customer to operate the software) in determining when to recognize revenue for the licenses.
we recognize revenue from fixed-price support or maintenance contracts, including extended warranty contracts and software post-contract customer support agreements, ratably over the contract period. for certain fixed-price contracts, such as consulting arrangements, we recognize revenue as work progresses using a proportional performance method. we estimate the total expected labor costs in order to determine the amount of revenue earned to date. we apply a proportional performance method because reasonably dependable estimates of the labor costs applicable to various stages of a contract can be made. on fixed-price contracts for design and build projects (to design, develop and construct software infrastructure and systems), we recognize revenue as work progresses using the percentage-of-completion method. we use the cost-to-cost method to measure progress toward completion as determined by the percentage of cost incurred to date compared to the total estimated costs of the project. total project costs are subject to revision throughout the life of a fixed-price contract. provisions for estimated losses on fixed-price contracts are recognized in the period when such
48
hewlett-packard company and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
losses become known and are recorded as a component of cost of sales. in circumstances when reasonable and reliable cost estimates for a project cannot be made we recognize revenue using the completed contract method.
outsourcing services revenue is generally recognized in the period when the service is provided and the amount earned is not contingent on the occurrence of any future event. we recognize revenue using an objective measure of output for per unit-priced contracts. revenue for fixed-price outsourcing contracts with periodic billings is recognized on a straight-line basis if the service is provided evenly over the contract term. provisions for estimated losses on outsourcing arrangements are recognized in the period when such losses become probable and estimable and are recorded as a component of cost of sales.
warranty we accrue the estimated cost of product warranties at the time we recognize revenue. we evaluate our warranty obligations on a product group basis. our standard product warranty terms generally include post-sales support and repairs or replacement of a product at no additional charge for a specified period of time. while we engage in extensive product quality programs and processes, including actively monitoring and evaluating the quality of our component suppliers, we base our estimated warranty obligation on contractual warranty terms, repair costs, product call rates, average cost per call, current period product shipments and ongoing product failure rates, as well as specific product class failure outside of our baseline experience. warranty terms generally range from 90 days to three years for parts and labor, depending upon the product. over the last three fiscal years, the annual warranty expense and actual warranty costs have averaged approximately 2.7% and 2.9% of annual net product revenue, respectively.
restructuring we have engaged in restructuring actions which require management to estimate the timing and amount of severance and other employee separation costs for workforce reduction and enhanced early retirement programs, fair value of assets made redundant or obsolete, and the fair value of lease cancellation and other exit costs. we accrue for severance and other employee separation costs under these actions when it is probable that benefits will be paid and the amount is reasonably estimable. the rates used in determining severance accruals are based on existing plans, historical experiences and negotiated settlements. for a full description of our restructuring actions, refer to our discussions of restructuring in "results of operations" below and in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8, which are incorporated herein by reference.
retirement and post-retirement benefits our pension and other post-retirement benefit costs and obligations depend on various assumptions. our major assumptions relate primarily to discount rates, mortality rates, expected increases in compensation levels and the expected long-term return on plan assets. the discount rate assumption is based on current investment yields of high-quality fixed-income securities with maturities similar to the expected benefits payment period. mortality rates help predict the expected life of plan participants and are based on a historical demographic study of the plan. as a result of a historical study of the u.s. plans, in fiscal 2014, hp adopted a new mortality rate table which incorporated newly released mortality rates published by the society of actuaries. this resulted in an increase to the projected benefit obligation of approximately $870 million for the u.s. defined benefit plans. the
49
hewlett-packard company and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
expected increase in the compensation levels assumption reflects our long-term actual experience and future expectations. the expected long-term return on plan assets is determined based on asset allocations, historical portfolio results, historical asset correlations and management's expected returns for each asset class. in any fiscal year, significant differences may arise between the actual return and the expected long-term return on plan assets. historically, differences between the actual return and expected long-term return on plan assets have resulted from changes in target or actual asset allocation, short-term performance relative to expected long-term performance, and to a lesser extent, differences between target and actual investment allocations, the timing of benefit payments compared to expectations, and the use of derivatives intended to effect asset allocation changes or hedge certain investment or liability exposures. for the recognition of net periodic benefit cost, the calculation of the expected long-term return on plan assets uses the fair value of plan assets as of the beginning of the fiscal year.
our major assumptions vary by plan, and the weighted-average rates used are set forth in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8, which is incorporated herein by reference. the following table provides the impact changes in the weighted-average assumptions of discount rates, the expected increase in compensation levels and the expected long-term return on plan assets would have had on our net periodic benefit cost for fiscal 2014:

assumptions:
discount rate                                  (25   )     $83
expected increase in compensation levels   25              $20
expected long-term return on plan assets       (25   )     $68
taxes on earnings we calculate our current and deferred tax provisions based on estimates and assumptions that could differ from the final positions reflected in our income tax returns. we adjust our current and deferred tax provisions based on income tax returns which are generally filed in the third or fourth quarters of the subsequent fiscal year.
we recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected tax consequences of temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which we expect the differences to reverse.
we record a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that we are more likely than not to realize. in determining the need for a valuation allowance, we consider future market growth, forecasted earnings, future taxable income, the mix of earnings in the jurisdictions in which we operate and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. in the event we were to determine that it is more likely than not that we will be unable to realize all or part of our deferred tax assets in the future, we would increase the valuation allowance and recognize a corresponding charge to earnings or other comprehensive income in the period in which we make such a determination. likewise, if we later determine that we are more likely than not to realize the deferred tax assets, we would reverse the applicable portion of the previously recognized valuation allowance. in order for us to realize our deferred tax assets, we must be able to generate sufficient taxable income in the jurisdictions in which the deferred tax assets are located.
50
hewlett-packard company and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
our effective tax rate includes the impact of certain undistributed foreign earnings for which we have not provided u.s. federal taxes because we plan to reinvest such earnings indefinitely outside the u.s. we plan distributions of foreign earnings based on projected cash flow needs as well as the working capital and long-term investment requirements of our foreign subsidiaries and our domestic operations. based on these assumptions, we estimate the amount we expect to indefinitely invest outside the u.s. and the amounts we expect to distribute to the u.s. and provide the u.s. federal taxes due on amounts expected to be distributed to the u.s. further, as a result of certain employment actions and capital investments we have undertaken, income from manufacturing activities in certain jurisdictions is subject to reduced tax rates and, in some cases, is wholly exempt from taxes for fiscal years through 2024. material changes in our estimates of cash, working capital and long-term investment requirements in the various jurisdictions in which we do business could impact how future earnings are repatriated to the u.s., and our related future effective tax rate.
we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and approximately 105 other countries, and we are subject to routine corporate income tax audits in many of these jurisdictions. we believe that positions taken on our tax returns are fully supported, but tax authorities may challenge these positions, which may not be fully sustained on examination by the relevant tax authorities. accordingly, our income tax provision includes amounts intended to satisfy assessments that may result from these challenges. determining the income tax provision for these potential assessments and recording the related effects requires management judgments and estimates. the amounts ultimately paid on resolution of an audit could be materially different from the amounts previously included in our income tax provision and, therefore, could have a material impact on our income tax provision, net income and cash flows. our accrual for uncertain tax positions is attributable primarily to uncertainties concerning the tax treatment of our international operations, including the allocation of income among different jurisdictions, intercompany transactions and related interest. for a further discussion on taxes on earnings, refer to note 6 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8, which is incorporated herein by reference.
inventory we state our inventory at the lower of cost or market on a first-in, first-out basis. we make adjustments to reduce the cost of inventory to its net realizable value at the product group level for estimated excess, obsolescence or impaired balances. factors influencing these adjustments include changes in demand, technological changes, product life cycle and development plans, component cost trends, product pricing, physical deterioration and quality issues.
goodwill we review goodwill for impairment annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of goodwill may not be recoverable. while we are permitted to conduct a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is necessary to perform a two-step quantitative goodwill impairment test, for our annual goodwill impairment test in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, we performed a quantitative test for all of our reporting units.
goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level. at the beginning of the first quarter of fiscal 2014, we changed our reporting units. in connection with continued operational synergies and interdependencies between the enterprise servers, storage and networking reporting unit and the ts reporting unit within the eg segment, we combined these reporting units to create the eg reporting unit. as of october 31, 2014, our reporting units are consistent with the reportable segments identified
51
hewlett-packard company and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
in note 2, except for es, which includes two reporting units: mphasis limited; and the remainder of es.
in the first step of the goodwill impairment test, we compare the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying amount. we estimate the fair value of our reporting units using a weighting of fair values derived most significantly from the income approach and, to a lesser extent, the market approach. under the income approach, we estimate the fair value of a reporting unit based on the present value of estimated future cash flows. cash flow projections are based on management's estimates of revenue growth rates and operating margins, taking into consideration industry and market conditions. the discount rate used is based on the weighted-average cost of capital adjusted for the relevant risk associated with business-specific characteristics and the uncertainty related to the reporting unit's ability to execute on the projected cash flows. under the market approach, we estimate fair value based on market multiples of revenue and earnings derived from comparable publicly-traded companies with operating and investment characteristics similar to the reporting unit. we weight the fair value derived from the market approach depending on the level of comparability of these publicly-traded companies to the reporting unit. when market comparables are not meaningful or not available, we estimate the fair value of a reporting unit using only the income approach. for the mphasis limited reporting unit, we utilized the quoted market price in an active market to estimate fair value.
in order to assess the reasonableness of the estimated fair value of our reporting units, we compare the aggregate reporting unit fair value to hp's market capitalization and calculate an implied control premium (the excess of the sum of the reporting units' fair value over hp's market capitalization). we evaluate the control premium by comparing it to observable control premiums from recent comparable transactions. if the implied control premium is not believed to be reasonable in light of these recent transactions, we reevaluate reporting unit fair values, which may result in an adjustment to the discount rate and/or other assumptions. this reevaluation could result in a change to the estimated fair value for certain or all of our reporting units.
estimating the fair value of a reporting unit is judgmental in nature and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. these estimates and assumptions include revenue growth rates and operating margins used to calculate projected future cash flows, risk-adjusted discount rates, future economic and market conditions and the determination of appropriate comparable publicly-traded companies. in addition, we make certain judgments and assumptions in allocating shared assets and liabilities to individual reporting units to determine the carrying amount of each reporting unit.
if the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds the carrying amount of the net assets assigned to that reporting unit, goodwill is not impaired and no further testing is required. if the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then we perform the second step of the goodwill impairment test to measure the amount of impairment loss, if any. in the second step, the reporting unit's assets, including any unrecognized intangible assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests are measured at fair value in a hypothetical analysis to calculate the implied fair value of goodwill for the reporting unit in the same manner as if the reporting unit was being acquired in a business combination. if the implied fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill is less than its carrying amount, the difference is recorded as an impairment loss.
our annual goodwill impairment analysis, which we performed as of the first day of the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, did not result in any impairment charges. the excess of fair value over carrying amount for our reporting units ranged from 18% to approximately 12,000% of carrying amounts. the software reporting unit has the lowest excess of fair value over carrying amount at 18%.
52
hewlett-packard company and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
in order to evaluate the sensitivity of the estimated fair value of our reporting units in the goodwill impairment test, we applied a hypothetical 10% decrease to the fair value of each reporting unit. this hypothetical 10% decrease resulted in an excess of fair value over carrying amount for our reporting units ranging from 6% to approximately 10,000% of the carrying amounts with the software reporting unit having the lowest excess of fair value over carrying amount of 6%. the fair value of the software reporting unit is estimated using a weighting of both the income and market approaches. our software business is facing multiple challenges including the market shift to saas and go-to-market execution challenges. if we are not successful in addressing these challenges, our projected revenue growth rates could decline resulting in a decrease in the fair value of the software reporting unit. the fair value of the software reporting unit could also be negatively impacted by declines in market multiples of revenue for comparable publicly-traded companies, changes in management's business strategy or significant declines in our stock price, which could result in an indicator of impairment.
intangible assets we review intangible assets with finite lives for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. recoverability of our finite-lived intangible assets is assessed based on the estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset. if the undiscounted future cash flows are less than the carrying amount, the finite-lived intangible assets are considered to be impaired. the amount of the impairment loss, if any, is measured as the difference between the carrying amount of the asset and its fair value. we estimate the fair value of finite-lived intangible assets by using an income approach or, when available and appropriate, using a market approach.
fair value of derivative instruments we use derivative instruments to manage a variety of risks, including risks related to foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. we use forwards, swaps and options to hedge certain foreign currency and interest rate exposures. we do not use derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes. at october 31, 2014, the gross notional of our derivative portfolio was $54.7 billion. assets and liabilities related to derivative instruments are measured at fair value, and were $980 million and $405 million, respectively as of october 31, 2014.
fair value is the price we would receive to sell an asset or pay to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. in the absence of active markets for the identical assets or liabilities, such measurements involve developing assumptions based on market observable data and, in the absence of such data, internal information that is consistent with what market participants would use in a hypothetical transaction that occurs at the measurement date. the determination of fair value often involves significant judgments about assumptions such as determining an appropriate discount rate that factors in both risk and liquidity premiums, identifying the similarities and differences in market transactions, weighting those differences accordingly and then making the appropriate adjustments to those market transactions to reflect the risks specific to the asset or liability being valued. we generally use industry standard valuation models to measure the fair value of our derivative positions. when prices in active markets are not available for the identical asset or liability, we use industry standard valuation models to measure fair value. where applicable, these models project future cash flows and discount the future amounts to present value using market-based observable inputs, including interest rate curves, hp and counterparty credit risk, foreign currency exchange rates, and forward and spot prices.
53
hewlett-packard company and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
for a further discussion on fair value measurements and derivative instruments, refer to note 10 and note 11, respectively, to the consolidated financial statements in item 8, which are incorporated herein by reference.
loss contingencies we are involved in various lawsuits, claims, investigations and proceedings including those consisting of ip, commercial, securities, employment, employee benefits and environmental matters that arise in the ordinary course of business. we record a liability when we believe that it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. significant judgment is required to determine both the probability of having incurred a liability and the estimated amount of the liability. we review these matters at least quarterly and adjust these liabilities to reflect the impact of negotiations, settlements, rulings, advice of legal counsel and other updated information and events, pertaining to a particular case. based on our experience, we believe that any damage amounts claimed in the specific litigation and contingencies matters further discussed in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8, which is incorporated herein by reference, are not a meaningful indicator of hp's potential liability. litigation is inherently unpredictable. however, we believe we have valid defenses with respect to legal matters pending against us. nevertheless, cash flows or results of operations could be materially affected in any particular period by the resolution of one or more of these contingencies. we believe we have recorded adequate provisions for any such matters and, as of october 31, 2014, it was not reasonably possible that a material loss had been incurred in excess of the amounts recognized in our financial statements.
accounting pronouncements for a summary of recent accounting pronouncements applicable to our consolidated financial statements see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8, which is incorporated herein by reference.
results of operations revenue from our international operations has historically represented, and we expect will continue to represent, a majority of our overall net revenue. as a result, our revenue growth has been impacted, and we expect will continue to be impacted, by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. in order to provide a framework for assessing performance excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, we present the year-over-year percentage change in revenue on a constant currency basis, which assumes no change in foreign currency exchange rates from the prior-year period. this information is provided so that revenue can be viewed without the effect of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, which is consistent with how management evaluates our revenue results and trends. this constant currency disclosure is provided in addition to, and not as a substitute for, the year-over-year percentage change in revenue on a gaap basis. other companies may calculate and define similarly labeled items differently, which may limit the usefulness of this measure for comparative purposes.
54
hewlett-packard company and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
results of operations in dollars and as a percentage of net revenue were as follows:

net revenue                                           $111,454                100.0    %   $112,298                100.0    %   $120,357                  100.0    %
cost of sales(1)                                             84,839            76.1    %          86,380            76.9    %           92,385             76.8    %
gross profit                                                 26,615            23.9    %          25,918            23.1    %           27,972             23.2    %
research and development                                      3,447             3.1    %           3,135             2.8    %            3,399              2.8    %
selling, general and administrative                          13,353            12.0    %          13,267            11.8    %           13,500             11.2    %
amortization of intangible assets                             1,000             0.9    %           1,373             1.2    %            1,784              1.5    %
impairment of goodwill and intangible assets(2)                   —               —                    —               —                18,035             15.0    %
restructuring charges                                         1,619             1.5    %   990                       0.9    %            2,266              1.9    %
acquisition-related charges                           11                          —        22                          —        45                            —
earnings (loss) from operations                               7,185             6.4    %           7,131             6.4    %          (11,057   )         (9.2   )%
interest and other, net                                        (628   )        (0.6   )%            (621   )        (0.6   )%             (876   )         (0.8   )%
earnings (loss) before taxes                                  6,557             5.8    %           6,510             5.8    %          (11,933   )        (10.0   )%
provision for taxes                                          (1,544   )        (1.3   )%          (1,397   )        (1.2   )%             (717   )         (0.5   )%
net earnings (loss)                                   $5,013                    4.5    %   $5,113                    4.6    %   $(12,650         )        (10.5   )%
(1)
cost of products, cost of services and financing interest.
(2)
fiscal 2012, includes an $8.8 billion goodwill and intangible asset impairment charge associated with the autonomy reporting unit within the software segment, an $8.0 billion goodwill impairment within the es segment and a $1.2 billion intangible asset impairment associated with the "compaq" trade name within the personal systems segment.
net revenue the components of the weighted net revenue change were as follows:

enterprise services                   (1.5   )       (1.7   )
printing                              (0.8   )       (0.5   )
enterprise group                      (0.2   )       (1.3   )
software                              (0.1   )       (0.1   )
hp financial services                 (0.1   )       (0.2   )
corporate investments/other       0.1            0.1
personal systems                  1.8                (3.0   )
total hp                              (0.8   )       (6.7   )
55
hewlett-packard company and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
fiscal 2014 compared with fiscal 2013
in fiscal 2014, total hp net revenue declined 0.8% (decreased 0.4% on a constant currency basis) as compared with fiscal 2013. u.s. net revenue decreased 3.7% to $38.8 billion, while net revenue from outside of the u.s. increased 0.9% to $72.6 billion. the leading contributors to the hp net revenue decline were key account runoff in es and lower printing supplies volume. partially offsetting the net revenue decline was growth in personal systems from commercial pcs, which experienced growth across all product categories, along with growth in consumer notebooks.
from a segment perspective, the primary factors contributing to the change in hp net revenue for fiscal 2014 compared with fiscal 2013 are summarized as follows:
• es net revenue declined due primarily to revenue runoff in key accounts, weak growth in new and existing accounts, particularly in emea, and contractual price declines;
• printing net revenue decreased due primarily to a decline in supplies;
• eg net revenue decreased due to net revenue declines in ts, bcs and storage;
• software net revenue decreased due to lower net revenue from licenses, support and professional services;
• hpfs net revenue decreased due primarily to lower portfolio revenue from lower average portfolio assets and lower asset management activity, primarily in customer buyouts;
• corporate investments net revenue increased due to the sale of intellectual property ("ip"); and
• personal systems net revenue increased due to growth in commercial pcs, particularly notebooks, along with growth in consumer notebooks.
fiscal 2013 compared with fiscal 2012
in fiscal 2013, total hp net revenue declined 6.7% (decreased 5.5% on a constant currency basis) as compared with fiscal 2012. u.s. net revenue decreased 4.4% to $40.3 billion, while net revenue from outside of the u.s. decreased 7.9% to $72.0 billion. the net revenue decline was due primarily to declines of approximately 10%, 7%, 5% and 3% in our personal systems, es, eg and printing segments, respectively.
from a segment perspective, the primary factors contributing to the change in hp net revenue for fiscal 2013 compared with fiscal 2012 are summarized as follows:
• personal systems net revenue declined due to the decline in the overall pc market as a result of a customer shift, particularly consumers, to tablet products;
• es net revenue declined due primarily to net service revenue runoff and contractual price declines in ongoing contracts due in part to weak public sector spending and enterprise it demand;
• eg net revenue declined due to multiple factors, including competitive pricing challenges in iss, a market decline for unix products impacting bcs, declines in ts due in part to lower support for bcs products, product transitions in storage and overall weak enterprise it demand;
• printing net revenue declined due to unfavorable currency impacts, particularly the euro, and declines in supplies and commercial printers;
56
hewlett-packard company and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
• hpfs net revenue decreased due primarily to lower rental revenue from a decrease in operating lease assets; and
• software net revenue declined due to lower license and professional services revenues from it/cloud management and information management products.
a more detailed discussion of segment revenue is included under "segment information" below.
gross margin fiscal 2014 compared with fiscal 2013
hp's gross margin increased by 0.8 percentage points for fiscal year 2014 compared with fiscal 2013. from a segment perspective, the primary factors impacting gross margin performance are summarized as follows:
• es gross margin increased due primarily to our continued focus on service delivery efficiencies, improving profit performance in under-performing contracts and labor savings as a result of restructuring;
• printing gross margin increased due primarily to favorable currency impacts from the japanese yen, continued cost structure improvements and a favorable mix from a higher proportion of graphics and ink supplies;
• corporate investments gross margin increased due to the sale of ip;
• software gross margin increased due to the shift to more profitable contracts and improved workforce utilization in professional services;
• hpfs gross margin increased due to a higher portfolio margin, primarily from lower bad debt expense, a lower cost of funds and improved margins in remarketing sales;
• personal systems gross margin increased due primarily to operational cost improvements, a favorable mix of commercial products and the sale of ip; and
• eg gross margin decreased due primarily to the impact of a higher mix of iss products, lower mix of bcs products and competitive pricing pressure in iss and networking.
fiscal 2013 compared with fiscal 2012
hp's gross margin decreased by 0.2 percentage points for fiscal year 2013 compared with fiscal 2012. from a segment perspective, the primary factors impacting gross margin performance are summarized as follows:
• eg experienced a gross margin decline due primarily to competitive pricing pressures in iss, and to a lesser extent, mix impacts from lower bcs and storage revenue;
• personal systems experienced a gross margin decline due primarily to unfavorable currency impacts and competitive pricing pressures;
• es gross margin decreased due to net service revenue runoff and contractual price declines;
• software gross margin decreased slightly due to higher development costs in it/cloud management products;
57
hewlett-packard company and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
• hpfs gross margin increased slightly due primarily to higher portfolio margins from a lower mix of operating leases and higher margins on early buyouts; and
• printing gross margin increased due primarily to improvement in toner gross margins as a result of lower discounting and higher average revenue per unit ("aru") in consumer printers.
a more detailed discussion of segment gross margins and operating margins is included under "segment information" below.
operating expenses research and development r&d expense increased 10% in fiscal 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013 with increases across each of our segments as we make investments in our strategic focus areas of cloud, security, big data and mobility.
r&d expense decreased 8% in fiscal 2013 as compared to fiscal 2012 due primarily to the rationalization of r&d in eg for bcs, cost savings from restructuring and higher value added r&d tax subsidy credits. the decrease was partially offset by increased r&d expense in our storage and iss business units and in software for innovation-focused spending in the areas of converged infrastructure and cloud.
selling, general and administrative sg&a expense increased 1% in fiscal 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013 due primarily to higher compensation costs, litigation expenses and higher selling costs from investments in the areas of cloud, networking and storage, partially offset by gains from sales of real estate and lower program spending in marketing.
sg&a expense decreased 2% in fiscal 2013 as compared to fiscal 2012 due primarily to cost savings associated with our ongoing restructuring efforts that impacted all of our segments. partially offsetting the decline were higher marketing expenses to support new product introductions and increased administrative expenses due in part to higher consulting project spending.
amortization of intangible assets amortization expense decreased in fiscal 2014 due primarily to certain intangible assets associated with prior acquisitions reaching the end of their respective amortization periods.
amortization expense decreased in fiscal 2013 due primarily to the intangible asset impairment recorded in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012 related to autonomy and certain intangible assets associated with prior acquisitions reaching the end of their amortization periods.
impairment of goodwill and intangible assets in fiscal 2012, we recorded goodwill impairment charges of $8.0 billion and $5.7 billion associated with es and the acquisition of autonomy, respectively. in addition, we recorded intangible asset impairment charges of $3.1 billion and $1.2 billion associated with the acquisition of autonomy and the "compaq" trade name, respectively. for more information on our impairment charges, see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8, which is incorporated herein by reference.
58
hewlett-packard company and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
restructuring charges restructuring charges increased in fiscal 2014 due primarily to higher charges in connection with the multi-year restructuring plan initially announced in may 2012 (the "2012 plan") and from increases to the 2012 plan announced in fiscal 2014. during fiscal 2014, hp increased the total for positions expected to be eliminated under the 2012 plan from 34,000 to 55,000 positions. with these changes, hp expects to recognize additional restructuring charges in fiscal 2015.
restructuring charges decreased in fiscal 2013 due primarily to the $2.1 billion charge recorded in fiscal 2012 for the 2012 plan. restructuring charges for fiscal 2013 were approximately $1.0 billion, which included $1.2 billion of charges related to the 2012 plan that were partially offset by a reversal of $190 million of severance charges related to our fiscal 2010 es restructuring plan.
interest and other, net interest and other, net expense increased by $7 million in fiscal 2014. the increase was due primarily to higher currency transaction losses partially offset by lower interest expense from a lower average debt balance.
interest and other, net expense decreased by $255 million in fiscal 2013. the decrease was driven primarily by lower currency transaction losses coupled with lower interest expense due to lower average debt balances and lower investment losses.
provision for taxes our effective tax rates were 23.5%, 21.5%, and (6.0)% in fiscal 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. our effective tax rate generally differs from the u.s. federal statutory rate of 35% due to favorable tax rates associated with certain earnings from our operations in lower-tax jurisdictions throughout the world. the jurisdictions with favorable tax rates that had the most significant effective tax rate impact in the periods presented were puerto rico, singapore, netherlands, china and ireland. we plan to reinvest certain earnings of these jurisdictions indefinitely outside the u.s. and therefore have not provided u.s. taxes on those indefinitely reinvested earnings.
in addition to the above factors, the effective tax rate in fiscal 2012 was impacted by nondeductible goodwill impairments and increases in valuation allowances against certain deferred tax assets.
for a reconciliation of our effective tax rate to the u.s. federal statutory rate of 35% and further explanation of our provision for taxes, see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8, which is incorporated herein by reference.
segment information a description of the products and services for each segment can be found in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8, which is incorporated herein by reference. future changes to this organizational structure may result in changes to the segments disclosed.
effective at the beginning of the first quarter of fiscal 2014, we implemented certain organizational changes to align the segment financial reporting more closely with our current business structure. these organizational changes include:
• transferring the hp exstream business from the commercial hardware business unit within the printing segment to the software segment;
59
hewlett-packard company and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
• transferring the personal systems trade and warranty support business from the ts business unit within the eg segment to the other business unit within the personal systems segment;
• transferring the spare and replacement parts supporting the personal systems and printing segments from the ts business unit within the eg segment to the other business unit within the personal systems segment and the commercial hardware business unit within the printing segment, respectively; and
• transferring certain cloud-related incubation activities previously reported in corporate and unallocated costs and eliminations and in the eg segment to the corporate investments segment.
in addition, we transferred certain intrasegment eliminations from the es segment and the eg segment to corporate intersegment revenue eliminations.
hp has reflected these changes to its segment information retrospectively to the earliest period presented, which has resulted in the transfer of revenue among the printing, personal systems, eg, es and software segments and the transfer of operating profit among the printing, personal systems, eg, software and corporate investments segments. these changes had no impact on the previously reported financial results for the hpfs segment. in addition, none of these changes impacted hp's previously reported consolidated net revenue, earnings from operations, net earnings, net eps or consolidated assets.
printing and personal systems group the personal systems segment and the printing segment are structured beneath a broader printing and personal systems group ("pps"). we describe the results of the business segments within pps below.
personal systems

net revenue                                        $34,303         $32,179         $35,843
earnings from operations                            $1,270            $980          $1,724
earnings from operations as a % of net revenue         3.7   %         3.0   %         4.8   %
the components of the weighted net revenue change by business unit were as follows:

notebook pcs                   4.7           (7.8    )
desktop pcs                    1.1           (2.9    )
workstations                   0.2           —
other                          0.6       0.5
total personal systems         6.6           (10.2   )
60
hewlett-packard company and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
fiscal 2014 compared with fiscal 2013
personal systems net revenue increased 6.6% (increased 7.2% on a constant currency basis) in fiscal 2014. while the personal systems business continues to be challenged by the market shift towards mobility products, the pace of the pc market decline is slowing with signs of stabilization driven by growth in commercial pcs, the effects of which were partially offset by weakness in consumer pcs. the revenue increase in personal systems was due to growth in commercial pcs, particularly notebooks, along with growth in consumer notebooks. personal systems experienced revenue growth across all regions led by double digit revenue growth in emea, which experienced improved demand. the revenue increase was driven by an 8.2% increase in unit volume, the effects of which were partially offset by a 1.5% decline in average selling prices ("asps"). the unit volume increase was primarily led by growth in commercial notebooks as well as strength in commercial desktops, consumer notebooks and thin client products. the decline in asps was due primarily to a competitive pricing environment and unfavorable currency impacts, the effects of which were partially offset by a favorable mix of commercial pcs. net revenue for commercial clients increased 10.2% due primarily to the benefits from the delayed installed base refresh cycle, the effects of customers migrating from the windows xp operating system and growth in all product categories partly driven by new product introductions, including the hp elite products. net revenue for consumer clients remained flat as growth in consumer notebooks, partly driven by our new product lineup including chromebooks and hybrid products, was offset by a decline in consumer desktops. for fiscal 2014, net revenue for notebook pcs increased 9%, desktop pcs increased 3%, workstations increased 3% and other net revenue increased 16%. the net revenue increase in other was due to the sale of ip and growth in mobility products, primarily consumer tablets which were introduced in the second half of fiscal 2013.
personal systems earnings from operations as a percentage of net revenue increased 0.7 percentage points for fiscal 2014. the increase was driven by an increase in gross margin and a decline in operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue. the increase in gross margin was due primarily to operational cost improvements, a favorable commercial mix and the sale of ip, the effects of which were partially offset by unfavorable currency impacts. operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue decreased due primarily to our cost structure optimization efforts, the effects of which were partially offset by increased research and development investments for commercial, mobility and immersive computing products, as well as higher administrative expenses driven by lower bad debt recoveries as compared to fiscal 2013.
fiscal 2013 compared with fiscal 2012
personal systems net revenue decreased 10.2% (decreased 9.0% on a constant currency basis) in fiscal 2013. the personal systems business continued to experience significant challenges due to the overall pc market decline as a result of a customer shift, particularly consumers, to tablet products. the business also experienced broad-based regional demand weakness, particularly in the emea region. the decline in personal systems revenue was driven by an 8% decline in unit volume along with a 3% decline in asps. the unit volume decrease was led by declines in consumer and notebook products as a result of the market shift to tablet products. the decline in asps was due primarily to a competitive pricing environment. net revenue for consumer clients decreased 19%, while net revenue for commercial clients decreased 4%. notebook pcs net revenue decreased 15%, while desktop pcs net revenue decreased 8%. workstations net revenue growth was flat, while other net revenue increased 19%. the net revenue increase in other was related to increased sales of extended warranties and third-party branded options and sales of consumer tablets.
61
hewlett-packard company and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
personal systems earnings from operations as a percentage of net revenue decreased 1.8 percentage points in fiscal 2013. the decrease was driven by a decline in gross margin combined with an increase in operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue. the decline in gross margin was due to unfavorable currency impacts and competitive pricing pressures. these unfavorable impacts to gross margin were partially offset by lower component and warranty costs and a favorable mix of higher-margin commercial products. operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue increased due primarily to the size of the revenue decline as well as slightly higher r&d costs. however, operating expenses declined across most other expense categories as a result of benefits from our ongoing restructuring efforts.
printing

net revenue                                        $22,979         $23,896         $24,538
earnings from operations                            $4,185          $3,933          $3,612
earnings from operations as a % of net revenue        18.2   %        16.5   %        14.7   %
the components of the weighted net revenue change by business unit were as follows:

supplies                      (3.3   )       (1.8   )
consumer hardware             (0.4   )       —
commercial hardware           (0.1   )       (0.8   )
total printing                (3.8   )       (2.6   )
fiscal 2014 compared with fiscal 2013
in fiscal 2014, printing experienced a decline in revenue and an increase in operating profit as we continued to push our print strategies, which includes driving high value printer unit placements and expanding our graphics products and managed print services portfolio. printing net revenue decreased 3.8% (decreased 3.4% on a constant currency basis) for fiscal 2014. the decline in net revenue was primarily driven by a decline in supplies, the effects of which were partially offset by growth in graphics products and managed print services. net revenue for supplies decreased 5% driven by demand weakness in toner and ink, and a reduction in channel inventory in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, the effects of which were partially offset by growth in graphics supplies. printer unit volume remained flat while average revenue per unit ("aru") decreased 1%. printer unit volume was flat due primarily to our continued efforts to target high value areas of the market, which resulted in a decline in home printer units and low-value laserjet printer units, the effects of which were offset by increased units in smb, multifunction laser and graphics printers. the decline in aru was due primarily to increased discounting driven by competitive pricing pressures. net revenue for commercial hardware was flat as a 3% increase in printer unit volume was offset by a 3% decline in printer aru. the unit volume in commercial hardware increased due primarily to growth in our multifunction laser printers and graphics printers. the aru decline in commercial hardware was due primarily to a decline in
62
hewlett-packard company and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
laserjet and graphics printers driven by a competitive pricing environment. net revenue for consumer hardware decreased 4% driven by a 1% decline in printer unit volume and a 1% decline in aru, along with a decline in other peripheral printing solutions. the unit volume decline in consumer hardware was due to lower sales of home printers, the effects of which were partially offset by growth in smb printers. the aru decline in consumer hardware was due primarily to increased discounting for smb printers due to a competitive pricing environment, the effects of which were partially offset by a favorable mix of high value home printers.
printing earnings from operations as a percentage of net revenue increased by 1.7 percentage points for fiscal 2014 as an increase in gross margin more than offset an increase in operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue. the gross margin increase was due to favorable currency impacts primarily driven by the japanese yen, continued cost structure improvements and a favorable mix from a higher proportion of graphics and ink supplies, the effects of which were partially offset by a competitive pricing environment. operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue increased due primarily to higher r&d expenses as a result of our investments in enterprise products and 3-d printing, the effects of which were partially offset by reduced marketing expenses.
fiscal 2013 compared with fiscal 2012
printing net revenue decreased 2.6% (decreased 1% on a constant currency basis) in fiscal 2013. the decrease was driven by unfavorable currency impacts, particularly weakness in the euro, and declines in supplies and commercial printers. net revenue for supplies decreased 3% due to unfavorable currency impacts and lower volumes of toner and ink supplies. these effects were partially offset by growth in large format printing supplies. printer unit volumes declined by 3% while aru increased by 1%. printer unit volumes decreased largely due to declines in low-end consumer printers as we continued our focus on higher-value ink in the office and ink advantage products. the increase in aru was driven by a mix shift to high-value consumer printers, the effect of which was partially offset by higher discounting in commercial printers. net revenue for commercial hardware decreased 3%, which was driven by a 6% decline in aru that was partially offset by a volume increase of 2%. the decline in commercial hardware net revenue was partially offset by net revenue growth in the graphics services and managed print services businesses. net revenue for consumer hardware remained flat due to a 7% increase in aru, the effect of which was offset by a 5% reduction in volume. unit volume and aru increased within high-value consumer printers as a result of our continued focus on those more profitable printers.
printing earnings from operations as a percentage of net revenue increased by 1.8 percentage points in fiscal 2013 due to an increase in gross margin combined with lower operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue. the gross margin increase was due to improvement in toner gross margins resulting from lower discounting, higher aru in consumer printers, and lower cost of sales in toner and commercial printers due to a favorable currency impact from the japanese yen. these positive effects were partially offset by an unfavorable mix of lower-margin consumer printers. operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue decreased due to lower administrative, r&d and field selling costs as a result of benefits from our ongoing restructuring efforts. these effects were partially offset by higher marketing expenses to support new product introductions.
63
hewlett-packard company and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
enterprise group

net revenue                                        $27,814         $28,081         $29,643
earnings from operations                            $4,008          $4,259          $5,123
earnings from operations as a % of net revenue        14.4   %        15.2   %        17.3   %
the components of the weighted net revenue change by business unit were as follows for the following fiscal years ended october 31:

technology services                 (1.1   )       (1.3   )
business critical systems           (0.9   )       (1.4   )
storage                             (0.6   )       (1.1   )
networking                      0.3            0.1
industry standard servers       1.3                (1.6   )
total enterprise group              (1.0   )       (5.3   )
fiscal 2014 compared with fiscal 2013
eg net revenue decreased 1.0% (decreased 0.6% on a constant currency basis) in fiscal 2014. in eg, we continue to experience revenue challenges due to market trends, including the transition to cloud computing, as well as product and technology transitions, along with a highly competitive pricing environment. the decline in eg net revenue was due to net revenue declines in ts, bcs and storage partially offset by net revenue growth in iss and networking.
ts net revenue decreased 4% due primarily to a continued reduction in support for bcs, traditional storage products and lower support in networking services, partially offset by growth in support solutions for converged storage solutions and iss. bcs net revenue decreased 22% as a result of ongoing pressures from the overall unix market contraction. storage net revenue decreased by 5% as we continue to experience multiple challenges including product transitions from traditional storage products which include our tape, storage networking and legacy external disk products, to converged solutions, which include our 3par storeserv, storeonce, and storevirtual products, other challenges include market weakness in high-end converged solutions and sales execution challenges, the effects of which were partially offset by revenue growth in our converged storage solutions. networking net revenue increased 4% due to higher switching product revenue as a result of growth in our data center products, partially offset by lower revenue from wireless local area network products. iss net revenue increased by 3% due primarily to higher volume and higher average unit prices in rack and blade server products driven by higher option attach rates for memory, processors and hard drives.
eg earnings from operations as a percentage of net revenue decreased by 0.8 percentage points in fiscal 2014 due to a decrease in gross margin coupled with an increase in operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue. the gross margin decline was due primarily to a higher mix of iss products, a lower mix of bcs products and competitive pricing pressure in iss and networking, partially offset
64
hewlett-packard company and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
by supply chain cost optimization and improved cost management in ts. the increase in operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue was driven by higher r&d investments in storage, networking and iss, partially offset by continued cost savings associated with our ongoing restructuring efforts.
fiscal 2013 compared with fiscal 2012
eg net revenue decreased 5.3% (decreased 4.2% on a constant currency basis) in fiscal 2013 due primarily to the macroeconomic demand challenges the business faced during the fiscal year. additionally, new product and technology transitions in storage and iss and a competitive pricing environment contributed to the revenue decline. eg also experienced execution challenges that impacted revenue growth in fiscal 2013, although those challenges moderated in the fourth quarter due to improved sales execution. each of the business units within eg experienced year-over-year revenue declines in fiscal 2013 except networking. iss net revenue decreased by 4% due to competitive pricing and soft demand. within iss, we experienced a revenue decline in our core mainstream products that was partially offset by revenue growth in our hyperscale server products. ts net revenue decreased by 4% due to revenue declines in the support and consulting businesses and, to a lesser extent, to unfavorable currency impacts. support revenue declined due to a reduction in support for bcs products. the consulting revenue decline was a result of unfavorable currency impacts, the divestiture of a service product line and a shift to more profitable services such as data center and storage consulting. bcs net revenue decreased by 26% as a result of ongoing pressures from the decline in the overall unix market along with lower demand for our itanium-based servers. storage net revenue decreased by 9% due to declines in traditional storage products, which include our tape, storage networking, and legacy external disk products, the effects of which were partially offset by growth in converged storage solutions, which include our 3par, storeonce, storevirtual and storeall products. networking revenue increased by 2% due to higher demand for our switching, routing, and wireless products, the effect of which was partially offset by the impact of the divestiture of our video surveillance business in the first quarter of fiscal 2012.
eg earnings from operations as a percentage of net revenue decreased by 2.1 percentage points in fiscal 2013 driven by a decrease in gross margin and, to a lesser extent, an increase in operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue. the gross margin decrease was due primarily to competitive pricing pressures in iss and, to a lesser extent, pricing pressures in storage and mix impacts from lower bcs revenue. operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue increased due to the decline in eg net revenue and increased field selling costs and administrative expenses. r&d expenses as a percentage of net revenue decreased due primarily to the rationalization of r&d specifically for bcs and a value-added tax subsidy credit in bcs. eg also benefited from cost savings resulting from our ongoing restructuring efforts.
enterprise services

net revenue                                        $22,398         $24,061         $25,993
earnings from operations                              $803            $679          $1,045
earnings from operations as a % of net revenue         3.6   %         2.8   %         4.0   %
65
hewlett-packard company and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
the components of the weighted net revenue change by business unit were as follows:

infrastructure technology outsourcing           (4.9   )       (3.7   )
application and business services               (2.0   )       (3.7   )
total enterprise services                       (6.9   )       (7.4   )
fiscal 2014 compared with fiscal 2013
es net revenue decreased 6.9% (decreased 6.8% on a constant currency basis) in fiscal 2014. performance in es remains challenged by the impact of several large contracts winding down and lower public sector spending in emea, particularly in the united kingdom, and several other countries in emea. the net revenue decrease in es was due primarily to revenue runoff in key accounts, weak growth in new and existing accounts, particularly in emea, and contractual price declines. these effects were partially offset by net revenue growth in our ses portfolio, which includes information management and analytics, security and cloud services. net revenue in infrastructure technology outsourcing ("ito") decreased by 8% in fiscal 2014 due to revenue runoff in key accounts, weak growth in new and existing accounts, particularly in emea, and contractual price declines in ongoing contracts partially offset by growth in cloud and security revenue and favorable currency impacts. net revenue in application and business services ("abs") decreased by 5% in fiscal 2014, due to revenue runoff in a key account, weak growth in new and existing accounts, particularly in emea, and unfavorable currency impacts, partially offset by growth in information management and analytics and cloud revenue.
es earnings from operations as a percentage of net revenue increased 0.8 percentage points in fiscal 2014. the increase in operating margin was due to an increase in gross margin, partially offset by an increase in operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue. gross margin increased due primarily to our continued focus on service delivery efficiencies, improving profit performance in under-performing contracts and labor savings as a result of restructuring, partially offset by unfavorable impacts from revenue runoff in key accounts and weak growth in new and existing accounts. the increase in operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue was primarily driven by the size of the revenue decline and higher administrative expenses and field selling costs. the increase in current year administrative expenses was due to the prior-year period containing higher bad debt recoveries and insurance recoveries. the increase in selling costs was the result of expanding the sales force coverage as we transition from a reactive sales model to a more proactive approach.
fiscal 2013 compared with fiscal 2012
es net revenue decreased 7.4% (decreased 6.3% on a constant currency basis) in fiscal 2013. revenue performance in es continues to be challenged by several factors that impact the demand environment, including weak public sector spending in the u.s. and austerity measures in other countries, particularly in the united kingdom, and weak it services spend due to the mixed global recovery, particularly in the emea region. the net revenue decrease in es was driven primarily by net service revenue runoff, contractual price declines in ongoing contracts and unfavorable currency impacts. ito net revenue decreased by 6% in fiscal 2013, due to net service revenue runoff,
66
hewlett-packard company and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
contractual price declines in ongoing contracts and unfavorable currency impacts, the effects of which were partially offset by net revenue growth in security and cloud offerings. abs net revenue declined 10% in fiscal 2013. the net revenue decline was due primarily to net service revenue runoff and unfavorable currency impacts, the effects of which were partially offset by revenue growth in cloud and information and analytics offerings. revenue in abs was also negatively impacted by weakness in public-sector spending.
es earnings from operations as a percentage of net revenue decreased 1.2 percentage points in fiscal 2013. the decrease was due to a decline in gross margin combined with an increase in operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue. gross margin declined due primarily to net service revenue runoff and contractual price declines. these unfavorable impacts to gross margin were partially offset by our continued focus on improving resource management and profit improvements on under-performing contracts. operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue increased due to higher administrative, marketing and r&d costs. these effects were partially offset by reduced field selling costs due to lower headcount-related costs during the year and other savings from our ongoing restructuring efforts.
software

net revenue                                         $3,933          $4,021          $4,171
earnings from operations                              $872            $868            $836
earnings from operations as a % of net revenue        22.2   %        21.6   %        20.0   %
fiscal 2014 compared with fiscal 2013
software net revenue decreased 2.2% (decreased 2.1% on a constant currency basis) in fiscal 2014. revenue growth in software is being challenged by the overall market and customer shift to saas solutions, which is impacting growth in license and support revenue. in fiscal 2014, net revenue from licenses, support and professional services decreased by 3%, 2% and 5% respectively, while saas net revenue increased by 5%.
the decline in license net revenue was due to the market and customer shift to saas solutions, which resulted in lower revenue from it/cloud management and information management products, partially offset by strength in some of our key focus areas of big data analytics and security. the decrease in support net revenue was due to past declines in license revenue. professional services net revenue decreased as we continue our focus on higher-margin engagements. these declines were partially offset by higher saas revenue due to improving demand for our saas solutions in it/cloud management products and security products.
in fiscal 2014, software earnings from operations as a percentage of net revenue increased by 0.6 percentage points due to an increase in gross margin, the effect of which was partially offset by an increase in operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue. the increase in gross margin was due to the shift to more profitable contracts and improved workforce utilization in professional services. the increase in operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue was due primarily to investments in r&d partially offset by lower sg&a expenses due to cost savings associated with our ongoing restructuring efforts and improved operational expense management.
67
hewlett-packard company and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
fiscal 2013 compared with fiscal 2012
software net revenue decreased 3.6% (decreased 2.6% on a constant currency basis) in fiscal 2013. net revenue from licenses and professional services decreased by 16% and 13%, respectively, while net revenue from saas and support increased by 10% and 7%, respectively.
the decline in software revenue was driven primarily by lower license revenue from it/cloud management and information management products, due primarily to a large deal entered into in the prior year and the market shift to saas offerings. the revenue decline was also due to lower professional services revenue from it/cloud management and information management products as we manage the professional services portfolio to focus on higher-margin solutions. these declines were partially offset by higher growth in support revenue from our information management and security products and higher revenue growth in our saas offerings from it/cloud management and information management products as we shift with the market to providing more saas offerings.
software earnings from operations as a percentage of net revenue increased by 1.6 percentage points in fiscal 2013 due to a decrease in operating expense as a percentage of net revenue, the effect of which was partially offset by a decrease in gross margin. the decrease in gross margin was due primarily to higher development costs in it/cloud management products and the comparative impact of a highly profitable software deal entered into in the prior year. these decreases were partially offset by a lower mix of lower-margin professional services revenue. the decrease in operating expense as a percentage of revenue was driven primarily by lower field selling costs due to cost savings associated with our ongoing restructuring efforts.
hp financial services

net revenue                                         $3,498          $3,629          $3,819
earnings from operations                              $389            $399            $388
earnings from operations as a % of net revenue        11.1   %        11.0   %        10.2   %
fiscal 2014 compared with fiscal 2013
hpfs net revenue decreased by 3.6% (decreased 3.3% on a constant currency basis) in fiscal 2014 due primarily to lower portfolio revenue from lower average portfolio assets and lower asset management activity, primarily in customer buyouts.
hpfs earnings from operations as a percentage of net revenue increased by 0.1 percentage points in fiscal 2014. the increase was due primarily to an increase in gross margin, partially offset by an increase in operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue. the increase in gross margin was the result of a higher portfolio margin, primarily from lower bad debt expense and a lower cost of funds and improved margins in remarketing sales. the increase in operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue was due primarily to higher go-to-market investments.
fiscal 2013 compared with fiscal 2012
hpfs net revenue decreased by 5.0% (decreased 4.2% on a constant currency basis) in fiscal 2013 due primarily to lower rental revenue from a decrease in average operating lease assets, lower asset recovery services revenue, and unfavorable currency impacts. these effects were partially offset by higher revenue from remarketing sales and higher finance income from an increase in finance lease assets.
68
hewlett-packard company and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
hpfs earnings from operations as a percentage of net revenue increased by 0.8 percentage points in fiscal 2013. the increase was due primarily to an increase in gross margin, the effect of which was partially offset by an increase in operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue as a result of higher it investments. the increase in gross margin was the result of higher portfolio margin from a lower mix of operating leases, higher margin on early buyouts and lower bad debt expense.
financing originations

total financing originations   $6,425      $5,603      $6,590
new financing originations, which represent the amount of financing provided to customers for equipment and related software and services, including intercompany activity, increased 14.7% in fiscal 2014 and decreased 15.0% in fiscal 2013, respectively. the increase in fiscal 2014 was driven by higher financing associated with hp product sales and related services offerings, while the decrease in fiscal 2013 was primarily driven by lower financing associated with hp product sales and services offerings, and to a lesser extent unfavorable currency impacts.
portfolio assets and ratios the hpfs business model is asset intensive and uses certain internal metrics to measure its performance against other financial services companies, including a segment balance sheet that is derived from our internal management reporting system. the accounting policies used to derive hpfs amounts are substantially the same as those used by hp. however, intercompany loans and certain accounts that are reflected in the segment balances are eliminated in our consolidated financial statements.
69
hewlett-packard company and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
the portfolio assets and ratios derived from the segment balance sheet for hpfs were as follows:

financing receivables, gross                                       $6,670             $7,153
net equipment under operating leases                                      2,595              2,370
capitalized profit on intercompany equipment transactions(1)       783                715
intercompany leases(1)                                                    2,199              2,202
gross portfolio assets                                                   12,247             12,440
allowance for doubtful accounts(2)                                 111                131
operating lease equipment reserve                                  68                 76
total reserves                                                     179                207
net portfolio assets                                               $12,068            $12,233
reserve coverage                                                   1.5            %   1.7            %
debt-to-equity ratio(3)                                                    7.0x               7.0x
(1)
intercompany activity is eliminated in consolidation.
(2)
allowance for doubtful accounts for financing receivables includes both the short- and long-term portions.
(3)
debt attributable to hpfs consists of intercompany equity that is treated as debt for segment reporting purposes, intercompany debt, and borrowing- and funding-related activity associated with hpfs and its subsidiaries. debt attributable to hpfs totaled $10.7 billion and $10.8 billion at october 31, 2014 and october 31, 2013, respectively. hpfs equity at both october 31, 2014 and october 31, 2013 was $1.5 billion. we believe the hpfs debt-to-equity ratio is comparable to that of other similar financing companies.
at october 31, 2014 and october 31, 2013, hpfs cash balances were $829 million and $697 million, respectively.
net portfolio assets at october 31, 2014 decreased 1.3% from october 31, 2013. the decrease generally resulted from unfavorable currency impacts, partially offset by new financing volume in excess of portfolio runoff.
hpfs recorded net bad debt expenses and operating lease equipment reserves of $40 million, $50 million and $62 million in fiscal 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
70
hewlett-packard company and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
corporate investments

net revenue                                     $302              $24           $58
loss from operations                            $(199        )    $(316     )   $(233     )
loss from operations as a % of net revenue(1)        (66.0   )%        nm            nm
(1)
"nm" represents not meaningful.
fiscal 2014 compared with fiscal 2013
the revenue increase for fiscal 2014 was due primarily to the sale of ip related to the palm acquisition.
the decrease in the loss from operations for fiscal 2014 was due primarily to the sale of ip, the benefits of which were partially offset by higher expenses associated with cloud-related incubation activities, corporate strategy, hp labs and global alliances.
fiscal 2013 compared with fiscal 2012
in fiscal 2013, corporate investments net revenue was primarily related to licensing revenue from hp labs. net revenue decreased from fiscal 2012 due primarily to lower residual activity from the webos device business and lower revenue from business intelligence products.
costs and expenses in corporate investments are due to activities in the segment from residual activity related to the webos device business, hp labs, certain incubation projects, corporate strategy, and global alliances.
liquidity and capital resources we use cash generated by operations as our primary source of liquidity. we believe that internally generated cash flows are generally sufficient to support our operating businesses, capital expenditures, restructuring activities, maturing debt, income tax payments and the payment of stockholder dividends, in addition to investments and share repurchases. we are able to supplement this short-term liquidity, if necessary, with broad access to capital markets and credit facilities made available by various domestic and foreign financial institutions. our access to capital markets may be constrained and our cost of borrowing may increase under certain business, market and economic conditions; however, our access to a variety of funding sources to meet our liquidity needs is designed to facilitate continued access to capital resources under all such conditions. our liquidity is subject to various risks including the risks identified in the section entitled "risk factors" in item 1a and market risks identified in the section entitled "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" in item 7a, which is incorporated herein by reference.
our cash balances are held in numerous locations throughout the world, with substantially all of those amounts held outside of the u.s. we utilize a variety of planning and financing strategies in an effort to ensure that our worldwide cash is available when and where it is needed. our cash position remains strong, and we expect that our cash balances, anticipated cash flow generated from operations and access to capital markets will be sufficient to cover our expected near-term cash outlays.
71
hewlett-packard company and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
amounts held outside of the u.s. are generally utilized to support non-u.s. liquidity needs, although a portion of those amounts may from time to time be subject to short-term intercompany loans into the u.s. most of the amounts held outside of the u.s. could be repatriated to the u.s. but, under current law, some would be subject to u.s. federal income taxes, less applicable foreign tax credits. repatriation of some foreign earnings is restricted by local law. except for foreign earnings that are considered indefinitely reinvested outside of the u.s., we have provided for the u.s. federal tax liability on these earnings for financial statement purposes. repatriation could result in additional income tax payments in future years. where local restrictions prevent an efficient intercompany transfer of funds, our intent is that cash balances would remain outside of the u.s. and we would meet liquidity needs through ongoing cash flows, external borrowings, or both. we do not expect restrictions or potential taxes incurred on repatriation of amounts held outside of the u.s. to have a material effect on our overall liquidity, financial condition or results of operations.
liquidity our cash and cash equivalents, total debt and available borrowing resources were as follows:

cash and cash equivalents            $15.1     $12.2     $11.3
total debt                           $19.5     $22.6     $28.4
available borrowing resources(1)     $17.8     $17.8     $17.4
(1)
in addition to these available borrowing resources, we are able to offer for sale, from time to time, in one or more offerings, an unspecified amount of debt securities, common stock, preferred stock, depositary shares and warrants under a shelf registration statement filed with the securities and exchange commission in may 2012 (the "2012 shelf registration statement").
our key cash flow metrics were as follows:

net cash provided by operating activities       $12,333            $11,608            $10,571
net cash used in investing activities                 (2,792   )         (2,803   )         (3,453   )
net cash used in financing activities                 (6,571   )         (7,943   )         (3,860   )
net increase in cash and cash equivalents       $2,970             $862               $3,258
operating activities net cash provided by operating activities increased by $0.7 billion for fiscal 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013, due primarily to improvements in working capital management. net cash provided by operating activities increased by $1.0 billion for fiscal 2013 compared to fiscal 2012, due primarily to improvements in working capital management and a reduction in payments associated with webos contract cancellations.
72
hewlett-packard company and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
our key working capital metrics were as follows:

days of sales outstanding in accounts receivable        44            49            49
days of supply in inventory                             27            24            25
days of purchases outstanding in accounts payable           (67   )       (56   )       (53   )
cash conversion cycle                                   4             17            21
days of sales outstanding in accounts receivable ("dso") measures the average number of days our receivables are outstanding. dso is calculated by dividing ending accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts, by a 90-day average of net revenue. for fiscal 2014, the decrease in dso was due primarily to the impact of currency and the expansion of our factoring programs.
days of supply in inventory ("dos") measures the average number of days from procurement to sale of our product. dos is calculated by dividing ending inventory by a 90-day average of cost of goods sold. for fiscal 2014, the increase in dos was due to a higher inventory balance in personal systems due in part to strategic and advanced buys.
days of purchases outstanding in accounts payable ("dpo") measures the average number of days our accounts payable balances are outstanding. dpo is calculated by dividing ending accounts payable by a 90-day average of cost of goods sold. for fiscal 2014, the increase in dpo was primarily the result of an extension of payment terms with our product suppliers.
the cash conversion cycle is the sum of dso and dos less dpo. the cash conversion cycle ended fiscal 2014 below what we expect to be a long-term sustainable rate. items which may cause the cash conversion cycle in a particular period to differ from a long-term sustainable rate include, but are not limited to, changes in business mix, changes in payment terms, extent of receivables factoring, seasonal trends and the timing of revenue recognition and inventory purchases within the period.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities was flat for fiscal 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013, due primarily to higher cash utilization for purchases of property, plant and equipment offset by cash generated from sales of available-for-sale securities. net cash used in investing activities decreased by $0.7 billion for fiscal 2013 as compared to fiscal 2012, due primarily to lower investments in property, plant and equipment and higher net sales and maturities of available-for-sale securities.
financing activities net cash used in financing activities decreased by approximately $1.4 billion for fiscal 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013. the decrease was due primarily to proceeds from the issuance of u.s. dollar global notes in january 2014, partially offset by higher debt repayments and repurchases of common stock. net cash used in financing activities increased by $4.1 billion for fiscal 2013 as compared to fiscal 2012. the increase was due primarily to higher maturities of debt and net repayments of commercial paper. for more information on our share repurchase programs, see item 5 and note 13 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8, which are incorporated herein by reference.
73
hewlett-packard company and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
capital resources debt levels

short-term debt                       $3,486            $5,979            $6,647
long-term debt                       $16,039           $16,608           $21,789
debt-to-equity ratio                   0.72x             0.82x             1.25x weighted-average interest rate           2.7   %           3.0   %           3.0   %
we maintain debt levels that we establish through consideration of a number of factors, including cash flow expectations, cash requirements for operations, investment plans (including acquisitions), share repurchase activities, our cost of capital and targeted capital structure.
short-term debt and long-term debt decreased by $2.5 billion and $0.6 billion, respectively, for fiscal 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013. the net decrease in total debt was due primarily to maturities of debt. during fiscal 2014, we issued $2.0 billion of u.s. dollar global notes under the 2012 shelf registration statement which mature in 2019 and repaid $4.9 billion of u.s. dollar global notes. we also issued $11.6 billion and repaid $11.5 billion of commercial paper in fiscal 2014. short-term debt and long-term debt decreased by $0.6 billion and $5.2 billion, respectively, for fiscal 2013 as compared to fiscal 2012. both net decreases were due primarily to maturities of debt and net repayments of commercial paper. the issuances and repayments of commercial paper were $16.1 billion and $16.2 billion in fiscal 2013 and $12.2 billion and $15.0 billion in fiscal 2012, respectively.
during fiscal 2015, $2.5 billion of u.s. dollar global notes are scheduled to mature, of which $650 million matured in december 2014. for more information on our borrowings, see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8, which is incorporated herein by reference.
our debt-to-equity ratio is calculated as the carrying amount of debt divided by total stockholders' equity. our debt-to-equity ratio decreased by 0.10x in fiscal 2014, due to a decrease in total debt balances of $3.1 billion partially offset by a decrease in stockholders' equity by $0.5 billion at the end of fiscal 2014. our debt-to-equity ratio decreased by 0.43x in fiscal 2013, due to a decrease in total debt balances of $5.8 billion coupled with an increase in stockholders' equity by $4.8 billion at the end of fiscal 2013.
for more information on our borrowings, see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8, which is incorporated herein by reference.
our weighted-average interest rate reflects the effective interest rate on our borrowings prevailing during the period and reflects the effect of interest rate swaps. for more information on our interest rate swaps, see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8, which is incorporated herein by reference.
74
hewlett-packard company and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
available borrowing resources we had the following resources available to obtain short- or long-term financing if we need additional liquidity:

2012 shelf registration statement   unspecified commercial paper programs           $16,202
uncommitted lines of credit         $ 1,587
for more information on our available borrowings resources, see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8, which is incorporated herein by reference.
credit ratings our credit risk is evaluated by major independent rating agencies based on publicly available information as well as information obtained in our ongoing discussions with them. our credit ratings as of october 31, 2014, were as follows:

short-term debt ratings   a-2    prime-2   f2
long-term debt ratings    bbb+   baa1      a-
after the announcement of our separation in october 2014, our credit ratings were assigned a negative outlook by standard & poor's rating services and fitch rating services. additionally, moody's investors service placed us under review for downgrade. in december 2013, moody's investors service affirmed its negative outlook assigned in november 2012. while we do not have any rating downgrade triggers that would accelerate the maturity of a material amount of our debt, previous downgrades have increased the cost of borrowing under our credit facilities, have reduced market capacity for our commercial paper and have required the posting of additional collateral under some of our derivative contracts. in addition, any further downgrade to our credit ratings by any of these rating agencies may further impact us in a similar manner, and, depending on the extent of the downgrade, could have a negative impact on our liquidity and capital position. we can rely on alternative sources of funding, including drawdowns under our credit facilities or the issuance of debt or other securities under our existing 2012 shelf registration statement, if necessary, to offset potential reductions in the market capacity for our commercial paper.
75
hewlett-packard company and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
contractual and other obligations our contractual and other obligations as of october 31, 2014, were as follows:

principal payments on long-term debt(1)       $18,539                $2,647          $5,938          $2,785       $7,169
interest payments on long-term debt(2)              3,990               480             793             601             2,116
operating lease obligations                         3,001               721             951             534       795
purchase obligations(3)                             2,113             1,383             518             212             —
capital lease obligations                     48                          8              12               7       21
total(4)(5)(6)                                $27,691                $5,239          $8,212          $4,139       $10,101
(1)
amounts represent the principal cash payments relating to our long-term debt and do not include any fair value adjustments, discounts or premiums.
(2)
amounts represent the expected interest payments relating to our long-term debt. we have outstanding interest rate swap agreements accounted for as fair value hedges that have the economic effect of changing fixed interest rates associated with some of our u.s. dollar global notes to variable interest rates. the impact of our outstanding interest rate swaps at october 31, 2014 was factored into the calculation of the future interest payments on long-term debt.
(3)
purchase obligations include agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding on us and that specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. these purchase obligations are related principally to inventory and other items. purchase obligations exclude agreements that are cancelable without penalty. purchase obligations also exclude open purchase orders that are routine arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of business as they are difficult to quantify in a meaningful way. even though open purchase orders are considered enforceable and legally binding, the terms generally allow us the option to cancel, reschedule, and adjust terms based on our business needs prior to the delivery of goods or performance of services.
(4)
in fiscal 2015, hp anticipates making contributions of $686 million to its non-u.s. pension plans, expects to pay benefits of $35 million to its u.s. non-qualified pension plan participants and expects to pay claims of $47 million under its post-retirement benefit plans. our policy is to fund our pension plans so that we meet at least the minimum contribution requirements, as established by local government, funding and taxing authorities. expected contributions and payments to our pension and post-retirement benefit plans are excluded from the contractual obligations table because they do not represent contractual cash outflows as they are dependent on numerous factors which may result in a wide range of outcomes. for more information on our retirement and post-retirement benefit plans, see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8, which is incorporated herein by reference.
(5)
we expect future cash payments of $1.8 billion in connection with our approved restructuring plans which includes $1.0 billion expected to be paid in fiscal 2015 with the remaining approximately $800 million cash payments to be made through fiscal 2021. payments for restructuring have been
76
hewlett-packard company and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
excluded from the contractual obligations table, because they do not represent contractual cash outflows and there is uncertainty as to the timing of these payments. for more information on our restructuring activities, see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8, which is incorporated herein by reference.
(6)
as of october 31, 2014, we had approximately $3.5 billion of recorded liabilities and related interest and penalties pertaining to uncertain tax positions. these liabilities and related interest and penalties include $27 million expected to be paid within one year. for the remaining amount, we are unable to make a reasonable estimate as to when cash settlement with the tax authorities might occur due to the uncertainties related to these tax matters. payments of these obligations would result from settlements with taxing authorities. for more information on our uncertain tax positions, see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8, which is incorporated herein by reference.
off-balance sheet arrangements as part of our ongoing business, we have not participated in transactions that generate material relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes.
we have third-party revolving short-term financing arrangements intended to facilitate the working capital requirements of certain customers. the total aggregate maximum capacity of the financing arrangements was $3.0 billion as of october 31, 2014, including an aggregate maximum capacity of $1.1 billion in non-recourse financing arrangements and an aggregate maximum capacity of $1.9 billion in partial-recourse facilities. for more information on our third-party revolving short-term financing arrangements, see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8, which is incorporated herein by reference.
77
item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk.
