item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations general we are an energy infrastructure company focused on connecting north america's significant hydrocarbon resource plays to growing markets for natural gas, ngls, and olefins. our operations are located principally in the united states, but span from the deepwater gulf of mexico to the canadian oil sands, and are organized into the williams partners, access midstream, and williams ngl & petchem services reportable segments. all remaining business activities are included in other.
williams partners at december 31, 2014,williams partners includes pre-merger wpz, our consolidated master limited partnership, which includes two interstate natural gas pipelines, as well as investments in natural gas pipeline-related companies, which serve regions from the san juan basin in northwestern new mexico and southwestern colorado to oregon and washington and from the gulf of mexico to the northeastern united states. pre-merger wpz also includes natural gas gathering, processing, and treating facilities and oil gathering and transportation facilities located primarily in the rocky mountain, gulf coast, and marcellus shale regions of the united states. at december 31, 2014, wpz also owns a 5/6 interest in an olefin production facility, along with a refinery grade propylene splitter and pipelines in the gulf region, an oil sands offgas processing plant near fort mcmurray, alberta, and an ngl/olefin fractionation facility and b/b splitter facility at redwater, alberta. as of december 31, 2014, we own approximately 66 percent of the interests in pre-merger wpz, including the interests of the general partner, which is wholly owned by us, and idrs.
williams partners' ongoing strategy is to safely and reliably operate large-scale, interstate natural gas transmission and midstream infrastructures where our assets can be fully utilized and drive low per-unit costs. we focus on consistently attracting new business by providing highly reliable service to our customers and utilizing our low cost-of-capital to invest in growing markets, including the deepwater gulf of mexico, the marcellus shale, the gulf coast region, the canadian oil sands, and areas of increasing natural gas demand.
williams partners' interstate transmission and related storage activities are subject to regulation by the ferc and as such, our rates and charges for the transportation of natural gas in interstate commerce, and the extension, expansion or abandonment of jurisdictional facilities and accounting, among other things, are subject to regulation. the rates are established through the ferc's ratemaking process. changes in commodity prices and volumes transported have little near-term impact on revenues because the majority of cost of service is recovered through firm capacity reservation charges in transportation rates.
access midstream at december 31, 2014, access midstream consists of our consolidated master limited partnership, acmp, which includes domestic midstream businesses that provide gathering, treating, and compression services to producers under long-term, fee-based contracts in the marcellus and utica shale plays as well as the eagle ford, haynesville, barnett, mid-continent, and niobrara areas. acmp also includes a 49 percent equity-method investment in ueom, a 50 percent equity-method investment interest in the delaware basin gas gathering system in the mid-continent region, and appalachia midstream services, llc, which owns an approximate average 45 percent interest in 11 gas gathering systems in the marcellus shale.
we previously owned an equity-method investment in acmp until july 1, 2014, at which time we acquired all of the interests in acmp held by global infrastructure partners ii (gip) which included 50 percent of the general partner interest and 55.1 million limited partner units for $5.995 billion in cash (acmp acquisition). we now own 100 percent of the general partner interest, including idrs, and approximately 50 percent of the limited partner units in acmp.
on october 26, 2014, we announced that our consolidated master limited partnerships pre-merger wpz and acmp entered into a merger agreement and on february 2, 2015, the merger was completed (merger). the merged partnership has been renamed williams partners l.p. under the terms of the merger agreement, each acmp unitholder received 1.06152 acmp units for each acmp unit owned immediately prior to the merger. in conjunction with the merger, each pre-merger wpz common unit held by the public was exchanged for 0.86672 acmp common units.   each wpz
46
common unit held by us was exchanged for 0.80036 acmp common units.  prior to the closing of the merger, the class d limited partner units of pre-merger wpz, all of which were held by us, were converted into wpz common units on a one-for-one basis pursuant to the terms of the pre-merger wpz partnership agreement.  following the merger, we own an approximate 60 percent of the merged partnership, including the general partner interest and incentive distribution rights. see note 2 - acquisitions of notes to consolidated financial statements for further details.
williams ngl & petchem services williams ngl & petchem services includes certain other domestic olefins pipeline assets, certain canadian growth projects under development, including a propane dehydrogenation facility and a liquids extraction plant. as discussed in note 1 - description of business, basis of presentation, and summary of significant accounting policies of notes to consolidated financial statements, the currently operating canadian assets were contributed to williams partners in the first quarter of 2014 and are now presented in the williams partners segment. as a result, the williams ngl & petchem services segment is currently comprised primarily of projects under development and thus has no operating revenues to date. in the future, we anticipate contributing to wpz the assets and projects that comprise this segment. the transaction will be subject to execution of an agreement, review, and recommendation by the conflicts committee of the general partner of wpz, and approval of both our and wpz's board of directors.
unless indicated otherwise, the following discussion and analysis of critical accounting estimates, results of operations, and financial condition and liquidity relates to our current continuing operations and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in part ii, item 8 of this document.
dividend growth in december 2014, we paid a regular quarterly dividend of $0.57 per share, which was 50 percent higher than the same period last year.
overview income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to the williams companies, inc., for the year ended december 31, 2014, changed favorably by $1,669 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, primarily due to a $2.5 billion gain as a result of remeasuring our previous equity-method investment in acmp to fair value, the receipt of an additional $192 million of insurance proceeds related to the geismar incident, a gain of $154 resulting from cash proceeds received for a contingency settlement, as well as increased service revenues. this gain was partially offset by higher interest expense related to higher debt levels and equity losses from the discontinuance of the bluegrass pipeline project, reflecting a write-off of development costs that were previously capitalized and other associated costs that were incurred during the first quarter and lower olefin production and ngl margins. see additional discussion in results of operations.
abundant and low-cost natural gas reserves in the united states continue to drive demand for midstream and pipeline infrastructure. we believe that we have successfully positioned our energy infrastructure businesses for future growth.
williams partners canada dropdown on february 28, 2014, we contributed certain of our canadian operations to wpz (canada dropdown), including an oil sands offgas processing plant near fort mcmurray, alberta, and an ngl/olefin fractionation facility and b/b splitter facility at redwater, alberta. these businesses were previously reported within our williams ngl & petchem services segment, but are now reported within williams partners. wpz funded the transaction with $56 million of cash including $31 million received in the second quarter, 25,577,521 wpz class d limited-partner units, and an increase in the capital account of its general partner to allow us to maintain our 2 percent general partner interest. in lieu of cash distributions, the class d units received quarterly distributions of additional paid-in-kind class d units.
in october 2014, a purchase price adjustment was finalized whereby we paid $56 million in cash to wpz and waived $2 million in payment of idrs with respect to the november 2014 distribution.
47
geismar incident on june 13, 2013, an explosion and fire occurred at william partners' geismar olefins plant. the incident (geismar incident) rendered the facility temporarily inoperable and resulted in significant human, financial, and operational effects. this facility is part of our williams partners segment.
at the time of the incident, we had insurance coverage for repair and replacement costs, lost production and additional expenses related to the incident as follows:
•   property damage and business interruption coverage with a combined per-occurrence limit of $500 million and retentions (deductibles) of $10 million per occurrence for property damage and a 60-day waiting period per occurrence for business interruption;
•   general liability coverage with per-occurrence and aggregate annual limits of $610 million and retentions (deductibles) of $2 million per occurrence;
•   workers' compensation coverage with statutory limits and retentions (deductibles) of $1 million total per occurrence.
during the year ended december 31, 2014, we received $246 million of insurance recoveries related to the geismar incident and incurred $14 million of related covered insurable expenses in excess of our retentions (deductibles). these amounts are reflected as a net gain in net insurance recoveries- geismar incident within costs and expenses in our consolidated statement of income.
we expect our total loss to exceed our $500 million policy limit, which would result in a total claim of approximately $72 million related to the repair of the plant and the remainder related to business interruption. through december 31, 2014, we have received a total of $296 million from insurers. we continue to work with insurers in support of all claims, as submitted, and are vigorously pursuing collection of the remaining $200 million insurance limits.
further, we are impacted by certain uninsured losses, including amounts associated with the 60-day waiting period for business interruption, as well as other deductibles, policy limits, and uninsured expenses. our assumptions and estimates, including repair cost estimates and insurance proceeds associated with our property damage and business interruption coverage, are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to be materially different.
our geismar plant, which restarted in february 2015, is expected to continue to ramp up to expanded capacity through march. production during february and march is expected to be intermittent, resulting in limited financial contribution for the first quarter.
gulfstar one during the fourth quarter of 2014 we completed the gulfstar fpstm, which is a proprietary floating production system that had been under construction since late 2011. it is supported by multiple agreements with two major producers to provide production handling, oil and gas gathering and gas processing services for the tubular bells field development located in the eastern deepwater gulf of mexico. the gulfstar fpstm ties into our wholly owned oil and gas gathering and gas processing systems in the eastern gulf of mexico. gulfstar fpstm has an initial capacity of 60 mbbls/d, up to 200 mmcf/d of natural gas and the capability to provide seawater injection services. we expect gulfstar fpstm to be capable of serving as a central host facility for other deepwater prospects in the area. we own a 51 percent interest in gulfstar one. in december 2013, gulfstar one agreed to host the gunflint development, which will result in an expansion of the gulfstar one system to provide production handling capacity of 20 mbbls/d and 40 mmcf/d for gunflint. the project has a first oil target of the first quarter of 2016, dependent on the producer's development activities.
new transco rates effective on august 31, 2012, transco submitted to the ferc a general rate filing principally designed to recover increased costs and to comply with the terms of the settlement in its prior rate proceeding. the new rates became effective march 1,
48
2013, subject to refund and the outcome of a hearing. on august 27, 2013, transco filed a stipulation and agreement with the ferc proposing to resolve all issues in this proceeding without the need for a hearing (agreement). on december 6, 2013, the ferc issued an order approving the agreement without modifications. pursuant to its terms, the agreement became effective march 1, 2014. we paid $118 million of rate refunds on april 18, 2014.
marcellus shale in the first half of 2014, we added (1) fractionation capacity at our moundsville fractionator facility bringing the ngl handling capacity to approximately 42.5 mbbls/d, (2) the associated 50-mile ethane pipeline to houston, pennsylvania and (3) the first phase to the condensate stabilization project in the marcellus shale. in the third quarter of 2014 we completed the construction of our first deethanizer with a capacity of 40 mbbls/d and in the fourth quarter of 2014 we completed our first turbo-expander at our oak grove facility to add 200 mmcf/d of processing capacity and the last phase of the condensate stabilization project.
caiman ii as a result of contributions made in the first quarter of 2014, our ownership in the caiman ii joint project increased to 58 percent. these contributions are used to fund caiman ii's 50 percent investment in blue racer midstream llc (blue racer midstream).
through capital invested within our caiman ii equity investment we began construction of the blue racer midstream joint project in 2014. blue racer midstream is an expansion of the gathering and processing and the associated liquids infrastructure serving oil and gas producers in the utica shale, primarily in ohio and northwest pennsylvania . expansion plans included the addition of natrium ii, a second 200 mmcf/d processing plant at natrium, west virgina, which was completed in april 2014. construction of an additional 200 mmcf/d processing plant is underway at the berne complex in monroe county, ohio. berne i was put into service in january 2015.
keathley canyon connectortm discovery constructed a 215-mile, 20-inch deepwater lateral pipeline in the central deepwater gulf of mexico that it owns and operates. discovery has signed long-term agreements with anchor customers for natural gas gathering and processing services for production from the keathley canyon and green canyon areas. the keathley canyon connectortm lateral originates from a third-party floating production facility in the southeast portion of the keathley canyon area and connects to discovery's existing 30-inch offshore natural gas transmission system. the gas is processed at discovery's larose plant and the ngls are fractionated at discovery's paradis fractionator. the lateral pipeline is estimated to have the capacity to flow more than 400 mmcf/d and will accommodate the tie-in of other deepwater prospects. the pipeline was put into service in the first quarter 2015.
volatile commodity prices ngl margins were approximately 25 percent lower in 2014 compared to 2013 driven primarily by lower volumes, and higher natural gas prices. volumes declined primarily due to a customer contract in the west that expired in september 2013. due to unfavorable ethane economics, we further reduced our recoveries of ethane in our domestic plants in 2014 compared to 2013. these reductions are substantially offset by new volumes generated by our canadian ethane recovery facility which was placed into service in december 2013. despite the sharp decline in ngl prices during the fourth quarter of 2014, ngl prices on average, were higher in 2014 compared to 2013.
ngl margins are defined as ngl revenues less any applicable btu replacement cost, plant fuel, and third-party transportation and fractionation. per-unit ngl margins are calculated based on sales of our own equity volumes at the processing plants. our equity volumes include ngls where we own the rights to the value from ngls recovered at our plants under both "keep-whole" processing agreements, where we have the obligation to replace the lost heating value with natural gas, and "percent-of-liquids" agreements whereby we receive a portion of the extracted liquids with no obligation to replace the lost heating value.
49
the following graph illustrates the effects of this margin volatility, notably the decline in equity ethane sales driven by reduced recoveries, as well as the margin differential between ethane and non-ethane products and the relative mix of those products.
williams ngl & petchem services bluegrass pipeline and moss lake we owned a 50 percent equity-method investment in bluegrass pipeline, which was a proposed ngl pipeline that would connect processing facilities in the marcellus and utica shale-gas areas in the northeastern united states to growing petrochemical and export markets in the gulf coast area of the united states. completion of this project was subject to execution of customer contracts sufficient to support the project. based on a lack of customer commitments and other factors, our management decided in april 2014 to discontinue further funding of the project. the capitalized project development costs at the bluegrass pipeline entity were written off as of march 31, 2014.
we also owned 50 percent interests in moss lake. moss lake was being developed to construct a proposed new large-scale fractionation plant, expand natural gas liquids storage facilities in louisiana and construct a proposed pipeline connecting these facilities to the bluegrass pipeline. additionally, moss lake would construct a proposed new liquefied petroleum gas (lpg) terminal. the capitalized project development costs at the moss lake entities were written off as of march 31, 2014.
on september 2, 2014, we received a notice of dissolution from our partner with respect to the bluegrass entity and the related moss lake entities. we completed the dissolution process for both the bluegrass pipeline and moss lake entities in the fourth quarter of 2014.
50
company outlook our strategy is to provide large-scale energy infrastructure designed to maximize the opportunities created by the vast supply of natural gas, natural gas products, and crude oil that exists in north america. we seek to accomplish this through further developing our scale positions in current key markets and basins and entering new growth markets and basins where we can become the large-scale service provider. we will maintain a strong commitment to safety, environmental stewardship, operational excellence and customer satisfaction. we believe that accomplishing these goals will position us to deliver an attractive return to our shareholders.
following the sharp decline in energy commodity prices in fourth quarter 2014, we expect crude oil, ngls, and olefins prices to remain at lower levels throughout 2015 as compared to 2014, which will have an adverse effect on our operating results and cash flows. fee-based businesses are a significant component of our portfolio and have further increased as a result of the acmp acquisition. this serves to somewhat reduce the influence of commodity price fluctuations on our operating results and cash flows. however, due in part to lower natural gas prices, we anticipate that overall producer drilling economics will decrease slightly. this may reduce our gathering volumes available for both fee-based and keep-whole processing.
our business plan for 2015 continues to reflect both significant capital investment and continued dividend growth as compared to 2014. we continue to manage expenditures as appropriate without compromising safety and compliance. our planned consolidated capital investments for 2015 total between $3.96 billion and $4.59 billion. we expect to maintain an attractive cost of capital and reliable access to capital markets, both of which will allow us to pursue development projects and acquisitions.
potential risks and obstacles that could impact the execution of our plan include:
•   general economic, financial markets, or industry downturn;
•   lower than anticipated energy commodity prices and margins;
•   decreased volumes from third parties served by our midstream business;
•   unexpected significant increases in capital expenditures or delays in capital project execution;
•   lower than anticipated or delay in receiving insurance recoveries associated with the geismar incident;
•   lower than expected distributions, including idrs, from wpz. wpz's liquidity could also be impacted by a lack of adequate access to capital markets to fund its growth;
•   limited availability of capital due to a change in our financial condition, interest rates, market or industry conditions;
•   downgrade of our credit ratings and associated increase in cost of borrowings;
•   counterparty credit and performance risk;
•   changes in the political and regulatory environments;
•   physical damages to facilities, including damage to offshore facilities by named windstorms;
•   reduced availability of insurance coverage.
we continue to address these risks through disciplined investment strategies, sufficient liquidity from cash and cash equivalents and available capacity under our credit facilities.
in 2015, we anticipate an overall improvement in operating results compared to 2014 primarily due to increases in olefins volumes associated with the repair and expansion of the geismar plant and our fee-based businesses primarily
51
a result of the acmp acquisition, partially offset by lower ngl margins and higher operating expenses associated with the growth of our business.
the following factors, among others, could impact our businesses in 2015.
williams partners commodity price changes ngl and olefin price changes have historically correlated somewhat with changes in the price of crude oil, although ngl, olefin, crude, and natural gas prices are highly volatile, and difficult to predict. commodity margins are highly dependent upon regional supply/demand balances of natural gas as they relate to ngl margins, while olefins are impacted by global supply and demand fundamentals. ngl products are currently the preferred feedstock for ethylene and propylene production, and are expected to remain advantaged over crude-based feedstocks into the foreseeable future. we continue to benefit from our strategic feedstock cost advantage in propylene production from canadian oil sands offgas.
following the sharp decline in the fourth quarter of 2014, we anticipate the following trends in overall energy commodity prices in 2015, compared to 2014:
•   natural gas and ethane prices are expected to be at or below 2014 levels primarily due to higher inventory levels.
•   non-ethane prices, including propane, are expected to be lower primarily due to oversupply and the sharp decline in crude oil prices.
•   olefins prices, including propylene, ethylene, and the overall ethylene crack spread, are expected to be lower than 2014 levels due to the volatility in the price of crude oil and correlated products.
gathering, transportation, processing, and ngl sales volumes the growth of natural gas production supporting our gathering and processing volumes is impacted by producer drilling activities, which are influenced by commodity prices, including natural gas, ethane and propane prices. in addition, the natural decline in production rates in producing areas impact the amount of gas available for gathering and processing.
•   in the gulf coast region, we expect higher production handling volumes in 2015, following the completion of gulfstar fpstm in the fourth quarter of 2014.
•   we anticipate higher natural gas transportation revenues at transco compared to 2014, as a result of expansion projects placed into service in 2014 and anticipated to be placed in service in 2015.
•   in the northeast region, we anticipate growth in our natural gas gathering volumes compared to the prior year as our infrastructure grows to support drilling activities in the region.
•   in the western region, we anticipate an unfavorable impact in equity ngl volumes in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily due to the sharp decline in ngl prices.
•   in 2015, our domestic businesses anticipate a continuation of periods when it will not be economical to recover ethane.
olefin production volumes
•   our gulf olefins business anticipates higher ethylene volumes in 2015 compared to 2014 substantially due to the repair and expansion of the geismar plant, which restarted in february 2015.
52
other
•   equity earnings are expected to be higher in 2015 compared to 2014 following the completion of discovery's keathley canyon connectortm lateral in the first quarter of 2015.
•   we expect higher operating expenses in 2015 compared to 2014, including depreciation expense related to our growing operations in the northeast region and expansion projects at transco.
access midstream following the acmp acquisition, we began consolidating access midstream's results of operations effective july 1, 2014. as such, we expect an increase in overall results for access midstream in 2015 compared to 2014 associated with a full year of consolidated results.
additionally, we anticipate the following at access midstream in 2015:
volumes
•   volumes in the haynesville area are expected to be higher in 2015 as compared to 2014 primarily due to an increase in customer rig count in the area;
•   we expect an increase in volumes in 2015 as compared to 2014 in the utica area primarily due to the build out of the cardinal system, relieving compression constraints and adding new well connections;
other
•   amounts recognized under minimum volume commitments in the barnett area are expected to increase in 2015 compared to 2014.
expansion projects we expect to invest between $3.47 billion and $4.1 billion of capital among our business segments in 2015. our ongoing major expansion projects include the following:
williams partners oak grove expansion we plan to expand our processing capacity at our oak grove facility by adding a second 200mmcf/d cryogenic natural gas processing plant, which is expected to be placed into service at the end of 2015.
susquehanna supply hub we will continue to expand the gathering system in the susquehanna supply hub in northeastern pennsylvania that is needed to meet our customer's production plans. the expansion of the gathering infrastructure includes additional compression and gathering pipeline to the existing system.
atlantic sunrise the atlantic sunrise expansion project involves an expansion of transco's existing natural gas transmission system along with greenfield facilities to provide firm transportation from the northeastern marcellus producing area to markets along transco's mainline as far south as station 85 in alabama.  we plan to file an application with the ferc in the second quarter of 2015 for approval of the project.  we plan to place the project into service during the second half of 2017, assuming timely receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals, and it is expected to increase capacity by 1,700 mdth/d.
53
leidy southeast in december 2014, we received approval from the ferc for transco's leidy southeast expansion project to expand our existing natural gas transmission system from the marcellus shale production region on transco's leidy line in pennsylvania to delivery points along its mainline as far south as station 85 in alabama. we plan to place a portion of the project into service in march 2015, which will enable us to begin providing firm transportation service through the mainline portion of the project on an interim basis, until the in-service date of the project as a whole. we plan to place the remainder of the project into service during the fourth quarter of 2015 and expect it to increase capacity by 525 mdth/d.
mobile bay south iii in april 2014, we received approval from the ferc to construct and operate an expansion of transco's mobile bay line south from station 85 in west central alabama to delivery points along the line. we plan to place the project into service during the second quarter of 2015, and it is expected to increase capacity on the line by 225 mdth/d.
constitution pipeline in december 2014, we received approval from the ferc to construct and operate the jointly owned constitution pipeline. we also received a notice of complete application from the new york department of environmental conservation in december 2014. we currently own 41 percent of constitution with three other parties holding 25 percent, 24 percent, and 10 percent, respectively. we will be the operator of constitution. the 124-mile constitution pipeline will connect our gathering system in susquehanna county, pennsylvania, to the iroquois gas transmission and tennessee gas pipeline systems in new york. we plan to place the project into service in the second half of 2016, assuming timely receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals, with an expected capacity of 650 mdth/d. the pipeline is fully subscribed with two shippers.
northeast connector in may 2014, we received ferc approval to expand transco's existing natural gas transmission system from southeastern pennsylvania to the proposed rockaway delivery lateral. in december 2014, we placed a portion of the project into service, which enabled us to begin providing 65 mdth/d of firm transportation from station 195 to the rockaway delivery lateral junction. we plan to place the remainder of the project into service during the second quarter of 2015. in total, the project is expected to increase capacity by 100 mdth/d.
rockaway delivery lateral in may 2014, we received ferc approval to construct a three-mile offshore lateral to a distribution system in new york. we plan to place the project into service during the second quarter of 2015, and the capacity of the lateral is expected to be 647 mdth/d.
virginia southside in november 2013, we received approval from the ferc to expand transco's existing natural gas transmission system from new jersey to a proposed power station in virginia and delivery points in north carolina. in december 2014, we placed a portion of the project into service, which enabled us to begin providing 250 mdth/d of firm transportation capacity through the mainline portion of the project on an interim basis, until the in-service date of the project as a whole. we plan to place the remainder of the project into service during the third quarter of 2015. in total, the project is expected to increase capacity by 270 mdth/d.
rock springs expansion in june 2014, we filed an application with the ferc for transco's rock springs expansion project to expand our existing natural gas transmission system from new jersey to a proposed generation facility in maryland. the
54
project is planned to be placed into service in third quarter 2016, assuming timely receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals, and is expected to increase capacity by 192 mdth/d.
hillabee expansion in november 2014, we filed an application with the ferc for approval of the initial phases of transco's hillabee expansion project, which involves an expansion of our existing natural gas transmission system from our station 85 in alabama to a proposed new interconnection with sabal trail transmission's system in alabama. the project will be constructed in phases, and all of the project expansion capacity will be leased to sabal trail transmission. we plan to place the initial phases of the project into service during the second quarter of 2017, assuming timely receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals, and together they are expected to increase capacity by 1,025 mdth/d.
gulf trace expansion in december 2014, we filed an application with the ferc for transco's gulf trace expansion project to expand our existing natural gas transmission system together with greenfield facilities to provide firm transportation from station 65 in st. helena parish, louisiana westward to a new interconnection with sabine pass liquefaction in cameron parish, louisiana. we plan to place the project into service during the second half of 2017, assuming timely receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals, and it is expected to increase capacity by 1,200 mdth/d.
parachute due to a reduction in drilling in the piceance basin during 2012 and early 2013, we delayed the in-service date of our 350 mmcf/d cryogenic natural gas processing plant in parachute that was planned for service in 2014. we are currently planning an in-service date in mid-2018. we will continue to monitor the situation to determine whether a different in-service date is warranted.
redwater expansion as part of a long-term agreement to provide gas processing to a second bitumen upgrader in canada's oil sands near fort mcmurray, alberta, we are increasing the capacity of the redwater facilities where ngl/olefins mixtures will be fractionated into an ethane/ethylene mix, propane, polymer grade propylene, normal butane, an alkylation feed and condensate. this capacity increase is expected to be placed into service during the fourth quarter of 2015.
williams ngl & petchem services canadian pdh facility we are planning to build a pdh facility in alberta that will significantly increase production of polymer-grade propylene. start-up for the pdh facility is expected to occur in the second half of 2018. the new pdh facility is expected to produce approximately 1.1 billion pounds annually, significantly increasing williams' production of polymer-grade propylene currently at 180 million pounds annually.
ngl infrastructure expansion as part of a long-term agreement to provide gas processing to a second bitumen upgrader in canada's oil sands near fort mcmurray, alberta, we are building a new liquids extraction plant and an interconnection with the boreal pipeline, owned by our williams partners segment. the interconnection will enable transportation of the ngl/olefins mixture on the boreal pipeline from the new liquids extraction plant to the redwater facilities, owned by our williams partners segment. we plan to place the new liquids extraction plant and interconnection with boreal into service during the fourth quarter 2015, and expect initial ngl/olefins recoveries of approximately 12 mbbls/d. to mitigate the associated ethane price risk, we have a long-term supply agreement with a third-party customer.
55
gulf coast expansion in november 2012, we acquired 10 liquids pipelines in the gulf coast region. the acquired pipelines will be combined with an organic build-out of several projects to expand our petrochemical services in that region. the projects include the construction and commissioning of pipeline systems capable of transporting various products in the gulf coast region. a butanes/ gasoline pipeline is expected to be placed into service in early 2015, with additional pipelines expected to be placed into service in 2016.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions. we have reviewed the selection, application, and disclosure of these critical accounting estimates with our audit committee. we believe that the nature of these estimates and assumptions is material due to the subjectivity and judgment necessary, or the susceptibility of such matters to change, and the impact of these on our financial condition or results of operations.
pension and postretirement obligations we have employee benefit plans that include pension and other postretirement benefits. net periodic benefit cost and obligations for these plans are impacted by various estimates and assumptions. these estimates and assumptions include the expected long-term rates of return on plan assets, discount rates, expected rate of compensation increase, health care cost trend rates, and employee demographics, including retirement age and mortality. these assumptions are reviewed annually and adjustments are made as needed. the assumptions utilized to compute cost and the benefit obligations are shown in note 9 - employee benefit plans of notes to consolidated financial statements.
the following table presents the estimated increase (decrease) in net periodic benefit cost and obligations resulting from a one-percentage-point change in the specific assumption.
benefit cost                                                                                                                           benefit obligation one-percentage-pointincrease                 one-percentage-pointdecrease           one-percentage-pointincrease        one-percentage-pointdecrease
(millions)
pension benefits:
discount rate                                      $(9                     )                                 $10                                  $(132   )                $156
expected long-term rate of return on plan assets   (12                     )                                  12                                      -                    -
rate of compensation increase                      2                                                          (1           )                          8                    (6                      )
other postretirement benefits:
discount rate                                      (1                      )                                   3                                    (26   )           32
expected long-term rate of return on plan assets   (2                      )                                   2                                      -                    -
assumed health care cost trend rate                -                                                           -                                      9                    (7                      )
our expected long-term rates of return on plan assets, as determined at the beginning of each fiscal year, are based on the average rate of return expected on the funds invested in the plans. we determine our long-term expected rates of return on plan assets using our expectations of capital market results, which includes an analysis of historical results as well as forward-looking projections. these capital market expectations are based on a period of at least 10 years and take into account our investment strategy and mix of assets, which is weighted toward domestic and international equity securities. we develop our expectations using input from several external sources, including consultation with our third-party independent investment consultant. the forward-looking capital market projections are developed using a consensus of economists' expectations for inflation, gdp growth, and dividend yield along with expected changes in risk premiums. the capital market return projections for specific asset classes in the investment portfolio are then applied to the relative weightings of the asset classes in the investment portfolio. the resulting rates are an estimate of future results and, thus, likely to be different than actual results.
in 2014, the benefit plans' assets reflected above average returns for u.s. equity and fixed income strategies, but below average returns for non-u.s. equity strategies. while the 2014 investment performance was slightly less than
56
our expected rates of return, the expected rates of return on plan assets are long-term in nature and are not significantly impacted by short-term market performance. changes to our asset allocation would also impact these expected rates of return. our expected long-term rate of return on plan assets used for our pension plans was 6.85 percent in 2014. the 2014 actual return on plan assets for our pension plans was approximately 6.6 percent. the 10-year average rate of return on pension plan assets through december 2014 was approximately 5.3 percent.
the discount rates are used to measure the benefit obligations of our pension and other postretirement benefit plans. the objective of the discount rates is to determine the amount, if invested at the december 31 measurement date in a portfolio of high-quality debt securities, that will provide the necessary cash flows when benefit payments are due. increases in the discount rates decrease the obligation and, generally, decrease the related cost. the discount rates for our pension and other postretirement benefit plans are determined separately based on an approach specific to our plans and their respective expected benefit cash flows as described in note 1 - description of business, basis of presentation, and summary of significant accounting policies and note 9 - employee benefit plans of notes to consolidated financial statements. our discount rate assumptions are impacted by changes in general economic and market conditions that affect interest rates on long-term, high-quality debt securities as well as by the duration of our plans' liabilities.
the expected rate of compensation increase represents average long-term salary increases. an increase in this rate causes the pension obligation and cost to increase.
the assumed health care cost trend rates are based on national trend rates adjusted for our actual historical cost rates and plan design. an increase in this rate causes the other postretirement benefit obligation and cost to increase.
business combination accounting for the acmp acquisition as previously discussed, we completed the acmp acquisition on july 1, 2014. we have applied the acquisition method of accounting for this acquisition achieved in stages, under which tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred, the fair value of the noncontrolling interest, and the fair value of our previously held equity-method investment, over the preliminary estimated fair value of net assets acquired is reflected as goodwill on our consolidated balance sheet. as disclosed in note 2 - acquisitions of the notes to consolidated financial statements, both the remeasurement of our previously held equity-method investment in acmp and the allocation of the acquisition-date fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are considered preliminary. these provisional amounts are subject to change during the measurement period, which will not exceed one year from the acquisition date. any such adjustments during the measurement period will be recognized as if they had occurred at the acquisition date, which would require retrospective revision of comparative information for prior periods presented.
goodwill at december 31, 2014, our consolidated balance sheet includes $1.1 billion of goodwill, of which $474 million is associated with the reporting units representing the northeast, central, and west regions within our access midstream segment and $646 million is associated with williams partners' northeast gathering and processing business. the goodwill within the access midstream segment was recorded in the third quarter of 2014 in conjunction with the acquisition of acmp completed on july 1, 2014. (see note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements.) we performed our annual assessment of goodwill for impairment as of october 1 and no impairments were identified or recognized.
following a significant decline in energy commodity prices in the fourth quarter of 2014, we performed an additional review of wpz's northeast gathering and processing business. in our evaluation of wpz's northeast gathering and processing business, our estimate of the fair value of the reporting unit exceeded its carrying value by 30 percent, including goodwill, and thus, no impairment was recognized in 2014. the fair value of wpz's northeast gathering and processing business was estimated by an income approach utilizing discounted cash flows and corroborated with a market capitalization analysis.
as a result of the decline in energy commodity prices and a decline in the trading price of acmp's publicly-traded limited partner units, both in the fourth quarter of 2014, we performed an additional impairment evaluation as of december 31, 2014, of the goodwill allocated to the reporting units within the access midstream segment. we estimated
57
the fair value of each reporting unit identified above based on an income approach that utilized a discount rate of 7.25 percent, as well as a market approach that considered appropriate peer transactions and companies, all of which was corroborated with a market capitalization analysis. in this evaluation, our estimate of the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded the related carrying value, and thus, no impairment losses were recognized in 2014. we estimate that a 75 basis point increase in the discount rate utilized could result in a partial impairment of this goodwill.
judgments and assumptions are inherent in our estimates of future cash flows, discount rates, and market measures used to evaluate these assets. the use of alternate judgments and assumptions could result in a different calculation of fair value, which could ultimately result in the recognition of an impairment charge in the consolidated financial statements.
equity-method investments at december 31, 2014, our consolidated balance sheet includes approximately $8.4 billion of investments that are accounted for under the equity-method of accounting. we evaluate these investments for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate, in our management's judgment, that the carrying value of such investments may have experienced an other-than-temporary decline in value. when evidence of loss in value has occurred, we compare our estimate of fair value of the investment to the carrying value of the investment to determine whether an impairment has occurred. we generally estimate the fair value of our investments using an income approach where significant judgments and assumptions include expected future cash flows and the appropriate discount rate. in some cases, we may utilize a form of market approach to estimate the fair value of our investments.
if the estimated fair value is less than the carrying value and we consider the decline in value to be other-than-temporary, the excess of the carrying value over the fair value is recognized in the consolidated financial statements as an impairment charge. events or changes in circumstances that may be indicative of an other-than-temporary decline in value will vary by investment, but may include:
•   a significant or sustained decline in the market value of an investee;
•   lower than expected cash distributions from investees (including incentive distributions);
•   significant asset impairments or operating losses recognized by investees;
•   significant delays in or lack of producer development or significant declines in producer volumes in markets served by investees;
•   significant delays in or failure to complete significant growth projects of investees.
no impairments of investments accounted for under the equity-method have been recorded for the year ended december 31, 2014.
capitalized project development costs as of december 31, 2014 our consolidated balance sheet includes approximately $320 million of capitalized costs associated with a limited number of developing and deferred projects, some of which are considered probable of future completion while certain others are only reasonably possible. following the significant decline in energy commodity prices in the fourth quarter of 2014, we either reviewed these capitalized project costs for indicators of impairment or evaluated them for impairment as of december 31, 2014, and determined that no impairments were necessary. where performed, our impairment evaluations considered probability-weighted scenarios of undiscounted future net cash flows, including reasonably possible scenarios assuming the construction and operation of the underlying projects. we will continue to review and evaluate these capitalized project costs for impairment in the future if we believe events or changes in circumstances indicate that we may not be able to recover the carrying value. such events or changes in circumstances may include changes in customer requirements associated with these projects, as well as overall changes in market demand. if, in a future evaluation, our carrying value for any of the projects exceeds the
58
undiscounted future net cash flows, we will recognize an impairment for the difference between the carrying value and our estimate of fair value of the assets.
impairment of long-lived assets we evaluate our long lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate, in our management's judgment, that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable. when an indicator of a potential impairment has occurred, we compare our management's estimate of undiscounted future cash flows attributable to the assets to the carrying value of the assets to determine whether an impairment has occurred.
in december 2010 we detected a leak in one of the seven underground natural gas storage caverns at our eminence storage field in covington county, mississippi. due to the leak at this cavern, damage to the well at an adjacent cavern, and operating problems at two other caverns constructed at about the same time, we determined that the four caverns should be retired, which was completed in 2014. in addition, further studies have indicated the need for capital improvements over the next several years of the remaining three caverns. as a result, we performed an assessment of our eminence storage field for impairment as of december 31, 2014. the carrying value at that date was $78 million. these events have not affected the performance of our obligations under our service agreements with our customers. however, judgments and assumptions are inherent in our estimate of future cash flows used to evaluate eminence. in our evaluation, our estimate of the undiscounted cash flows of eminence exceeded its carrying value, and thus no impairment loss was recognized in 2014. if our estimates of revenues were to significantly decrease, it could result in a write down of this asset to fair value.
59
results of operations consolidated overview the following table and discussion is a summary of our consolidated results of operations for the three years ended december 31, 2014. the results of operations by segment are discussed in further detail following this consolidated overview discussion.
years ended december 31,
2014                                                                                 $ changefrom2013*         % changefrom2013*                  2013       $ changefrom2012*         % changefrom2012*                  2012
(millions)
revenues:
service revenues                                                    $4,116           +1,177                    +40        %                 $2,939           +210                      +8         %                 $2,729
product sales                                                        3,521           -400                      -10        %                  3,921           -836                      -18        %                  4,757
total revenues                                                       7,637                                                                   6,860                                                                   7,486
costs and expenses:
product costs                                                        3,016           +11                       -          %                  3,027           +469                      +13        %                  3,496
operating and maintenance expenses                                   1,492           -395                      -36        %                  1,097           -70                       -7         %                  1,027
depreciation and amortization expenses                               1,176           -361                      -44        %                    815           -59                       -8         %                    756
selling, general, and administrative expenses                          661           -149                      -29        %                    512           +59                       +10        %                    571
net insurance recoveries - geismar incident                           (232   )       +192                      nm                              (40   )       +40                       nm                                -
other (income) expense - net                                           (45   )       +119                      nm                               74           -50                       nm                               24
total costs and expenses                                             6,068                                                                   5,485                                                                   5,874
operating income (loss)                                              1,569                                                                   1,375                                                                   1,612
equity earnings (losses)                                               144           +10                       +7         %                    134           +23                       +21        %                    111
gain on remeasurement of equity-method investment                    2,544           +2,544                    nm                                -           -                         -          %                      -
other investing income (loss) - net                                     43           -38                       -47        %                     81           +4                        +5         %                     77
interest expense                                                      (747   )       -237                      -46        %                   (510   )       -1                        -          %                   (509   )
other income (expense) - net                                            31           +31                       nm                                -           +2                        +100       %                     (2   )
income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes         3,584                                                                   1,080                                                                   1,289
provision (benefit) for income taxes                                 1,249           -848                      nm                              401           -41                       -11        %                    360
income (loss) from continuing operations                             2,335                                                                     679                                                                     929
income (loss) from discontinued operations                               4           +15                       nm                              (11   )       -147                      nm                              136
net income (loss)                                                    2,339                                                                     668                                                                   1,065
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests              225           +13                       +5         %                    238           -32                       -16        %                    206
net income (loss) attributable to the williams companies, inc.      $2,114                                                                    $430                                                                    $859
_______
*   + = favorable change; - = unfavorable change; nm = a percentage calculation is not meaningful due to a change in signs, a zero-value denominator, or a percentage change greater than 200.
2014 vs. 2013
service revenues increased primarily due to the access midstream operations beginning in third quarter 2014, including $167 million of minimum volume commitment fees, and due to new canadian construction management services performed for third parties reported within the other segment. gathering fees increased driven by higher volumes and a net increase in gathering rates primarily in the susquehanna supply hub. natural gas transportation fee
60
revenues increased primarily associated with expansion projects placed in service at transco in 2013. in addition, service revenues increased related to new processing, fractionation, and transportation fees from ohio valley midstream facilities that were placed in service in 2013 and 2014.
product sales decreased primarily due to lower olefin sales volumes associated with the lack of production in 2014 as a result of the geismar incident, partially offset by an increase in olefin sales on the rgp splitter primarily associated with higher volumes. in addition, equity ngl sales decreased primarily reflecting lower non-ethane volumes, partially offset by higher average ethane per-unit sales prices. crude oil, natural gas, and other marketing revenues decreased primarily related to lower volumes, while ngl marketing revenues increased primarily related to higher volumes partially offset by lower ngl prices.
product costs decreased primarily due to lower olefin feedstock purchases related to the lack of production in 2014 as a result of the geismar incident. in addition, natural gas purchases associated with the production of equity ngls decreased slightly reflecting lower volumes, which were substantially offset by higher natural gas prices. these decreases were partially offset by an increase in lower-of-cost-or-market adjustments due to significant declines in ngl prices during the fourth quarter of 2014 and lower crude oil, natural gas, and olefin volumes, partially offset by higher ngl volumes.
operating and maintenance expenses increased primarily due to costs incurred associated with new canadian construction management services performed for third parties. in addition, increases are due to expenses associated with access midstream beginning in third quarter 2014, including $15 million of transition-related costs, expenses incurred in 2014 associated with the installation of certain safety equipment at the geismar plant, and higher maintenance and growth in the our operations in the northeast region of the u.s. these increases were partially offset by a net increase in system gains and reduced gathering fuel expense in the western region operations.
depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to the access midstream operations beginning in third quarter 2014 and due to depreciation on new projects placed in service.
selling, general, and administrative expenses (sg&a) increased primarily due to the access midstream operations beginning in third quarter 2014 including $52 million of acquisition, merger, and transition-related costs recognized in 2014, as well as $18 million of project development costs incurred in 2014 related to the bluegrass pipeline reflecting 100 percent of such costs. the 50 percent noncontrolling interest share of these costs are presented in net income attributable to noncontrolling interests. in addition, sg&a increased in the northeast region of the u.s. related to significant operational growth driven by higher gathering fees associated with higher volumes from new well connections and the completion of various compression projects.
the favorable change in net insurance recoveries - geismar incident is primarily due to the receipt of $246 million of insurance recoveries in 2014, compared to the receipt of $50 million of insurance recoveries in 2013. (see note 6 - other income and expenses of notes to consolidated financial statements).
other (income) expense - net within operating income (loss) includes the following increases to net income:
•   $154 million of cash proceeds received in 2014 related to a contingency settlement gain;
•   the absence of a $25 million accrued loss recognized in 2013 associated with a producer claim against us;
•   the absence of a $20 million write-off in 2013 for certain pipeline assets;
•   the absence of $12 million of expense recognized in 2013 and $3 million of expense reversal in 2014, related to the portion of the eminence abandonment regulatory asset that will not be recovered in rates;
•   a $12 million net gain recognized in 2014 related to the settlement of a partial acreage dedication release;
other (income) expense - net within operating income (loss) includes the following decreases to net income:
•   $52 million of impairment charges recognized in 2014 related to certain materials and equipment;
61
•   the absence of $16 million of income from insurance recoveries in 2013 related to the abandonment of certain eminence storage assets;
•   $10 million loss on the sale of certain assets in 2014;
•   $9 million of expenses in excess of the insurable limit associated with the geismar incident;
•   a $9 million increase in expenses associated with a regulatory liability for certain employee costs;
•   the absence of a $9 million involuntary conversion gain recognized in 2013 related to a 2012 furnace fire for our geismar olefins plant.
operating income (loss) changed favorably primarily due to increased service revenues at williams partners of $193 million, a $192 million increase in net insurance recoveries related to the geismar incident, $167 million of minimum volume commitment fee revenue at access midstream, and $154 million of cash proceeds in 2014 related to a contingency gain settlement. these increases are partially offset by $192 million lower olefin margins, $130 million lower ngl margins and $59 million lower marketing margins, as well as higher operating costs at williams partners and higher impairment charges recognized in 2014.
equity earnings (losses) changed favorably primarily due to the recognition of $96 million of equity earnings in the second half of 2014 related to equity investments of access midstream, and an increase in equity earnings from caiman ii and laurel mountain. these increases are partially offset by $78 million of equity losses from bluegrass pipeline and moss lake in 2014 related primarily to the underlying write-off of previously capitalized project development costs (see note 3 - variable interest entities of notes to consolidated financial statements), $19 million of equity losses associated with acquisition-related compensation expenses resulting from the acmp acquisition, and $17 million lower equity earnings related to our equity-method investment in acmp since we consolidate this investment as of july 1, 2014.
gain on remeasurement of equity-method investment represents the gain we recognized as a result of remeasuring to fair value the equity-method investment that we held before we acquired a controlling interest in acmp. (see note 2 - acquisitions of notes to consolidated financial statements.)
other investing income (loss) - net changed unfavorably primarily due to $26 million lower gains resulting from acmp's equity issuances prior to our consolidation of that entity beginning in third quarter 2014 and lower interest income.
interest expense increased due to a $277 million increase in interest incurred primarily due to new debt issuances in the fourth quarter of 2013 and the first half of 2014, as well as combining access midstream's debt in third quarter 2014, and $9 million of access midstream acquisition-related financing costs incurred in 2014. the increase in interest incurred is partially offset by an increase of $40 million in interest capitalized related to construction projects in progress. (see note 2 - acquisitions and note 14 - debt, banking arrangements, and leases of notes to consolidated financial statements.)
other income (expense) - net changed favorably primarily due to the benefit from the allowance for equity funds used for construction associated with ongoing capital projects within our regulated operations.
provision (benefit) for income taxes changed unfavorably primarily due to higher pre-tax income in 2014. this is partially offset by the absence of $99 million deferred income tax expense recognized in 2013, and a benefit of $34 million recorded in 2014 related to the undistributed earnings of certain foreign operations that are no longer considered permanently reinvested. see note 7 - provision (benefit) for income taxes of notes to consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the effective tax rates compared to the federal statutory rate for both years.
income (loss) from discontinued operations changed favorably primarily due to the absence of a $15 million pre-tax charge resulting from an unfavorable ruling associated with our former alaska refinery related to the trans-alaska pipeline system quality bank in 2013.
62
the favorable change in net income attributable to noncontrolling interests includes the following:
•   $95 million favorable for our investment in wpz primarily due to the impact of increased income allocated to the wpz general partner associated with idrs;
•   $9 million favorable for our investment in bluegrass pipeline that includes our partner's 50 percent share of project development costs expensed by bluegrass pipeline during the portion of the first quarter of 2014 that bluegrass pipeline was consolidated;
•   $71 million unfavorable for our investment in acmp due to the consolidation of acmp in third quarter 2014;
•   $13 million unfavorable for our investment in cardinal resulting from the consolidation of acmp in third quarter 2014.
2013 vs. 2012
the increase in service revenues is primarily due to higher fee revenues associated with the growth in the businesses acquired in the 2012 caiman and laser acquisitions (see note 2 - acquisitions), as well as contributions from the processing and fractionation facilities placed in service in the latter half of 2012 and in 2013. additionally, natural gas transportation fee revenues increased from expansion projects placed into service in 2012 and 2013 and new rates effective during first-quarter 2013. partially offsetting these increases are decreased gathering and processing fee revenues driven by lower volumes in the piceance, four corners, and eastern gulf coast areas.
the decrease in product sales is primarily due to lower ngl production revenues driven by reduced ethane recoveries and decreases in average ngl per-unit sales prices, as well as lower olefin production revenues primarily from the loss of production as a result of the geismar incident, partially offset by higher olefin per-unit sales prices. additionally, marketing revenues decreased resulting from lower ngl per-unit prices, and lower crude oil and ethane volumes, partially offset by higher non-ethane volumes. the changes in marketing revenues are more than offset by similar changes in marketing purchases, reflected above as product costs.
the decrease in product costs is primarily due to lower ngl marketing purchases resulting from lower ngl prices and lower crude oil volumes, partially offset by higher non-ethane volumes. the changes in marketing purchases are substantially offset by similar changes in marketing revenues. in addition, olefin feedstock purchases decreased reflecting lower volumes and lower average per-unit feedstock costs. costs associated with the production of ngls also decreased primarily resulting from lower ethane recoveries, partially offset by an increase in average natural gas prices.
the increase in operating and maintenance expenses is primarily associated with the subsequent growth in the operations of the businesses acquired in the caiman and laser acquisitions, a scheduled third-quarter 2013 shutdown to conduct maintenance at our canadian olefins facility, and $13 million of costs incurred under our insurance deductibles resulting from the geismar incident. these increases are partially offset by lower compressor and natural gas pipeline maintenance and repair expenses primarily due to the absence of expenses related to the substantial completion of our natural gas pipeline integrity management plan during 2012, and lower operating costs in our four corners area, which experienced lower volumes.
the increase in depreciation and amortization expenses reflects a full year of depreciation and amortization expense in 2013 related to the caiman and laser acquisitions and depreciation on subsequent infrastructure additions, increased depreciation of certain assets that were decommissioned in the third quarter of 2013 in preparation for the completion of the ethane recovery system, as well as higher depreciation on the boreal pipeline which was placed into service in 2012. the absence of increased depreciation in 2012 on certain assets in the gulf coast region resulting from a change in the estimated useful lives partially offset these increases.
the decrease in sg&a is primarily due to the absence of reorganization related costs in 2012 and the absence of acquisition and transition costs incurred in 2012. (see note 6 - other income and expenses of notes to consolidated financial statements.)
63
the favorable change in net insurance recoveries - geismar incident is primarily due to the receipt of $50 million of insurance recoveries in 2013. this change is partially offset by $10 million of related covered insurable expenses in excess of our retentions (deductibles) incurred in 2013. (see note 6 - other income and expenses of notes to consolidated financial statements).
other (income) expense - net within operating income (loss) includes the following increases to net expense:
•   $25 million accrued loss for a settlement in principle of a producer claim against us;
•   $23 million increase in amortization expense related to our regulatory asset associated with asset retirement obligations;
•   $20 million write-off of development costs of an abandoned project;
•   $12 million expense recognized in 2013 related to the portion of the eminence abandonment regulatory asset that will not be recovered in rates.
other (income) expense - net within operating income (loss) includes the following decreases to net expense:
•   $16 million of income from insurance recoveries related to the abandonment of certain of eminence storage assets in 2013;
•   $9 million involuntary conversion gain recognized in 2013 related to a 2012 furnace fire for our geismar olefins plant.
the unfavorable change in operating income (loss) generally reflects lower ngl production margins, lower olefin production margins, higher operating costs, the net unfavorable changes in other income (expense) - net as described above, partially offset by increased fee revenues, higher marketing margins, lower sg&a expenses, and 2013 insurance receipts related to the geismar incident.
the favorable change in equity earnings (losses) is primarily due to higher equity earnings from access midstream resulting from the acquisition of this investment in late 2012, and improved equity earnings from laurel mountain. these increases are partially offset by lower equity earnings from discovery.
the favorable change in other investing income (loss) - net is primarily due to a $43 million increase in interest income associated with a receivable related to the sale of certain former venezuela assets and gains of $31 million resulting from acmp's equity issuances in 2013. these increases are partially offset by the absence of $63 million of income recognized in 2012, including $10 million of interest income, related to the 2010 sale of our interest in accroven srl. (see note 5 - investing activities of notes to consolidated financial statements.)
interest expense increased due to a $43 million increase in interest incurred primarily due to an increase in borrowings substantially offset by a $42 million increase in interest capitalized related to construction projects primarily at williams partners (see note 14 - debt, banking arrangements, and leases of notes to consolidated financial statements).
provision (benefit) for income taxes changed unfavorably primarily due to $99 million of deferred income tax expense recognized in 2013 related to the undistributed earnings of certain foreign operations that are no longer considered permanently reinvested. this is partially offset by a reduction in tax expense due to lower pre-tax income. see note 7 - provision (benefit) for income taxes of notes to consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the effective tax rates compared to the federal statutory rate for both years.
income (loss) from discontinued operations in 2013 primarily includes a $15 million charge resulting from an unfavorable ruling associated with our former alaska refinery related to the trans-alaska pipeline system quality bank. income (loss) from discontinued operations in 2012 primarily includes a $144 million gain on reconsolidation
64
following the sale of certain of our former venezuela operations. (see note 4 - discontinued operations of notes to consolidated financial statements.)
the unfavorable change in net income attributable to noncontrolling interests primarily reflects our slightly decreased percentage of limited partner ownership of wpz and higher operating results at wpz, partially offset by higher income allocated to the general partner associated with incentive distribution rights. it also reflects our partners' share of increased interest income related to a receivable from the sale of certain former venezuela assets. (see note 5 - investing activities of notes to consolidated financial statements.)
year-over-year operating results - segments williams partners years ended december 31,
2014                                          2013                  2012
(millions)
segment revenues                $6,628                $6,835                $7,471
segment costs and expenses      (5,017    )           (5,262    )           (5,675    )
equity earnings (losses)           132        104                   111
segment profit                  $1,743                $1,677                $1,907
2014 vs. 2013
the decrease in segment revenues includes:
•   a $251 million decrease in olefin sales primarily associated with a $295 million decrease due to lower volumes related to the lack of production in 2014 as a result of the geismar incident, partially offset by a $42 million increase in revenues from our rgp splitter associated with a $32 million increase in volumes due to a third-party storage facility resuming operations during 2014, and a $10 million increase due to higher per-unit sales prices (substantially offset in product costs).
•   a $132 million decrease in revenues from our equity ngls primarily reflecting a decrease of $161 million due to lower non-ethane volumes, partially offset by a $29 million increase associated with higher average ethane per-unit sales prices. equity non-ethane sales volumes are 22% percent lower primarily due to a customer contract that expired in september 2013.
•   a $26 million decrease in marketing revenues primarily associated with lower crude oil volumes and prices, and lower non-ethane prices, partially offset by increased non-ethane volumes.
•   a $193 million increase in service revenues primarily due to $88 million higher fee-based revenues resulting from higher gathering volumes driven by new well connections, the completion of various compression projects, and a net increase in gathering rates associated with customer contract modifications primarily in the susquehanna supply hub of the northeast region. fee-based revenues also increased $22 million due to contributions from our ohio valley midstream business resulting from the addition of processing, fractionation and transportation facilities placed in service in 2013 and 2014. in addition, natural gas transportation revenues increased $71 million primarily from expansion projects placed into service in 2013 for transco and $19 million in new service fees associated with the start-up of our gulfstar one assets.
the decrease in segment costs and expenses includes:
•   a $192 million favorable change in net insurance recoveries - geismar incident attributable to the receipt of $232 million of net insurance recoveries in 2014 compared to the receipt of $40 million in net insurance recoveries in 2013.
65
•   a $119 million favorable change in other (income) expense - net primarily due to $154 million settlement arising from the resolution of a contingent gain related to claims associated with the purchase of a business in a prior period and the absence of a $25 million accrued loss recognized in 2013 associated with a producer claim against us. partially offsetting these gains are $40 million of impairment charges recognized in 2014 related to certain materials and equipment and a $9 million increase in expenses associated with a regulatory liability for certain employee costs.
•   a $59 million decrease in olefin feedstock purchases primarily associated with a $99 million decrease due to lower volumes related to the lack of production in 2014 as a result of the geismar incident. offsetting this decrease is a $36 million increase from our rgp splitter facility attributable to a $30 million increase in volumes due to a third-party storage facility resuming operations during 2014 and a $6 million increase in per-unit costs (more than offset in product sales).
•   an $80 million increase in operating costs primarily due to a $64 million increase in depreciation and amortization expenses attributable to new assets placed in service and a $24 million increase in selling, general and administrative expenses (sg&amp;a) due to higher legal and arbitration costs, consulting expenses and employee costs.
•   a $33 million increase in marketing purchases primarily due to increased ngl volumes and lower-of-cost-or-market (lcm) inventory adjustments associated with significant declines in ngl prices during the fourth quarter of 2014.
•   a $2 million decrease in natural gas purchases associated with the production of equity ngls reflecting $87 million associated with lower volumes, which were substantially offset by an $85 million increase associated with higher natural gas prices.
the increase in segment profit includes:
•   a $193 million increase in service revenues as previously discussed.
•   a $192 million favorable change in net insurance recoveries - geismar incident as previously discussed.
•   a $119 million favorable change in other (income) expense - net as previously discussed.
•   a $28 million increase in equity earnings led by our caiman ii investment which reflected increased earnings of $14 million. this increase is primarily due to the receipt of business interruption proceeds, higher volumes due to assets placed in service and increased ownership. additionally, our laurel mountain equity earnings increased $12 million due to the absence of certain 2013 write-offs, increased gathering volumes and increased ownership.
•   a $192 million decrease in olefin margins, including $196 million lower olefin margins at our geismar plant.
•   a $130 million decrease in ngl margins driven primarily by lower non-ethane volumes and higher natural gas prices, partially offset by higher average ethane per-unit sales prices.
•   an $80 million increase in operating costs as previously discussed.
•   a $59 million decrease in marketing margins primarily due to losses attributable to inventory write-downs during 2014 as previously discussed.
66
2013 vs. 2012
the decrease in segment revenues includes:
•   a $350 million decrease in revenues from our equity ngls including $248 million due to lower volumes and a $102 million decrease associated with 10 percent lower average realized non-ethane per-unit sales prices and 44 percent lower average ethane per-unit sales prices. equity ethane sales volumes are 80 percent lower driven by unfavorable ethane economics, as previously mentioned, and equity non-ethane volumes are 7 percent lower primarily due to a customer contract that expired in september 2013 and a change in a customer's contract at the end of 2012 to fee-based processing, along with periods of severe winter weather conditions in the first quarter of 2013 that prevented producers from delivering gas in our western onshore operations.
•   a $314 million decrease in olefin sales due to $368 million associated with lower volumes, partially offset by $54 million associated with higher per-unit sales prices. olefins production volumes are lower at our facilities in the gulf coast primarily due to the loss of production as a result of the geismar incident, an outage in a third-party storage facility which caused us to reduce production at our rgp splitter facility, and changes in inventory management. our canadian operations experienced lower olefins sales volumes due to a scheduled third-quarter 2013 shutdown to conduct maintenance and to install ethane recovery equipment, as well as the impact of delays associated with resuming production during the fourth quarter of 2013. these decreased volumes were partially offset by the absence of the impact of filling the boreal pipeline in june 2012. ethylene and propylene prices averaged 21 percent and 12 percent higher, respectively, partially offset by 29 percent lower butadiene prices.
•   a $224 million decrease in marketing revenues primarily due to $241 million associated with lower ngl prices and $136 million associated with lower crude oil volumes, partially offset by $130 million related to higher non-ethane volumes primarily related to new marketing activity in our ohio valley midstream business. the changes in marketing revenues are more than offset by similar changes in marketing purchases.
•   a $200 million increase in service revenues primarily includes $167 million higher fee revenues resulting from higher gathering volumes driven by new well connections related to infrastructure additions placed into service in 2012 and 2013, a full year of operations associated with gathering systems included in the 2012 acquisitions, and increased gathering rates associated with customer contract modifications primarily in the susquehanna supply hub, as well as contributions from the processing and fractionation facilities placed in service in the latter half of 2012 and in 2013 in the ohio valley midstream business. natural gas transportation revenues also increased $106 million primarily due to expansion projects placed into service in 2012 and 2013, as well as new rates effective in first-quarter 2013. partially offsetting these increases is a $43 million decrease in gathering and processing revenues primarily due to a natural decline in production volumes, primarily in the piceance basin and four corners area, and severe winter weather conditions in the first quarter of 2013, which prevented producers from delivering gas in our western onshore operations. in addition, fee revenues decreased $34 million in the eastern gulf coast primarily driven by natural declines in bass lite and blind faith production area volumes.
•   a $53 million increase in other product sales primarily due to higher system management gas sales from our gas pipeline businesses (offset in segment costs and expenses).
the decrease in segment costs and expenses includes:
•   a $252 million decrease in marketing purchases primarily due to lower ngl prices and lower crude oil volumes, partially offset by higher non-ethane volumes (substantially offset in marketing revenues).
•   a $224 million decrease in olefin feedstock purchases due to $202 million associated with lower volumes, as discussed above, and $22 million lower feedstock and fuel costs, reflecting 21 percent lower average per-unit ethylene feedstock costs, partially offset by 9 percent higher average per-unit propylene feedstock costs.
67
•   a $41 million decrease in costs associated with our equity ngls reflecting a $117 million decrease due to lower natural gas volumes driven by lower ethane recoveries, partially offset by a $76 million increase related to a 41 percent increase in average natural gas prices.
•   a $75 million increase in operating costs includes $61 million in higher operating and maintenance expenses primarily associated with the businesses acquired in the laser and caiman acquisitions in february and april 2012, respectively, and the subsequent growth in these operations, as well as $13 million of costs incurred under our insurance deductibles associated with the geismar incident and increased maintenance at our canadian facility related to the scheduled third-quarter 2013 shutdown previously discussed. these increases are partially offset by lower compressor and pipeline maintenance and repair expenses at our gulf coast businesses primarily due to the absence of expenses relating to the substantial completion of a natural gas pipeline integrity management plan during 2012. additionally, the increase in operating costs includes $57 million in higher depreciation and amortization expenses primarily reflecting a full year of expense in 2013 associated with the businesses acquired in 2012 and depreciation on subsequent infrastructure additions and certain assets in canada that were decommissioned in the third quarter of 2013 in preparation of the completion of the ethane recovery system, in addition to the depreciation related to the boreal pipeline which was placed into service in june 2012, partially offset by the absence of increased depreciation in 2012 on certain assets in the gulf coast region resulting from a change in the estimated useful lives. partially offsetting these increases in operating costs is lower sg&amp;a primarily due to the absence of acquisition and transition costs of $23 million incurred in 2012.
•   a $44 million increase in other product costs primarily due to higher system management gas costs from our gas pipeline businesses (offset in segment revenues).
•   a $40 million increase associated with net insurance recoveries-geismar incident.
•   a $27 million unfavorable change in other (income) expense - net primarily attributable to a $25 million accrued loss for a settlement in principle of a producer claim against us and $23 million higher amortization of regulatory assets associated with asset retirement obligations in 2013. these unfavorable changes are partially offset by $9 million in involuntary conversion gains related to a 2012 furnace fire at our geismar olefins plant and a $5 million favorable change in net foreign currency exchange gains.
the decrease in segment profit includes:
•   a $309 million decrease in ngl margins driven primarily by lower ngl volumes and prices and higher natural gas prices.
•   a $90 million decrease in olefin margins including $156 million associated with lower product volumes at our geismar plant offset by $41 million associated with higher ethylene per-unit sales prices and $21 million lower ethylene feedstock costs.
•   a $75 million increase in operating costs as previously discussed.
•   a $7 million decrease in equity earnings (losses) primarily due to $20 million lower equity earnings from discovery driven by lower ngl margins reflecting lower volumes including reduced ethane recoveries and natural declines, as well as lower ngl prices. in addition, charges to write-down two lateral pipelines and electrical equipment in 2013 and the absence of a favorable customer settlement in 2012 decreased equity earnings from discovery. the decrease is partially offset by $15 million improved equity earnings from laurel mountain driven primarily by 55 percent higher gathering volumes, the receipt of an annual minimum volume commitment fee in 2013, and lower leased compression expenses.
•   a $200 million increase in service revenues as previously discussed.
68
•   a $28 million increase in marketing margins primarily due to favorable prices in 2013 and the absence of losses recognized in the second quarter of 2012 driven by significant declines in ngl prices while product was in transit.
•   a $40 million increase associated with net insurance recoveries-geismar incident, as previously discussed.
•   a $27 million unfavorable change in other (income) expense - net as previously discussed.
access midstream years ended december 31,
2014                                                                              2013   2012
(millions)
segment revenues                                         $781             $-                  $-
segment costs and expenses                                613             -                   -
equity earnings (losses)                                   90                  30             -
gain on remeasurement of equity-method investment       2,544             -                   -
income (loss) from investments                              1                  31             -
segment profit                                         $2,803             $61                 $-
we began consolidating acmp following the acmp acquisition on july 1, 2014. prior to the acquisition date, we accounted for our interest in acmp as an equity-method investment.
2014 vs. 2013
equity earnings (losses) in 2014 includes $169 million of equity earnings primarily from our appalachia midstream investments since july 1, 2014, partially offset by $79 million of noncash amortization of the difference between the cost of our investment and our underlying share of the net assets of access midstream. the increase in these two items for 2014 is attributable to the consolidation of acmp. equity earnings (losses) in 2013 includes $30 million of equity earnings recognized from our equity-method investment in acmp.
gain on remeasurement of equity-method investment in 2014 includes a $2.5 billion gain relating to the remeasurement of our equity-method investment in acmp.
income (loss) from investments in 2013 includes $31 million in gains resulting from acmp's equity issuances in 2013. these equity issuances resulted in the dilution of our ownership from approximately 24 percent to 23 percent, which was accounted for as though we sold a portion of our investment.
2013 vs. 2012
equity earnings (losses) in 2013 includes $93 million of equity earnings recognized from access midstream, which we acquired an interest in during december 2012. offsetting the 2013 equity earnings is $63 million of noncash amortization of the difference between the cost of our investment and our underlying share of the net assets of access midstream.
income (loss) from investments in 2013 includes noncash gains of $31 million resulting from access midstream's equity issuances in 2013. these equity issuances resulted in the dilution of our ownership of limited partnership units from approximately 24 percent to 23 percent, which is accounted for as though we sold a portion of our investment.
69
williams ngl & petchem services years ended december 31,
2014                                        2013                2012
(millions)
segment costs and expenses   $(37      )         $(32      )         $(3       )
equity earnings (losses)     (78       )         -                   -
segment loss                 $(115     )         $(32      )         $(3       )
2014 vs. 2013
segment costs and expenses increased primarily due to higher expensed costs related to development projects. we expensed $19 million of project development costs during the first quarter of 2014 related to bluegrass pipeline that was offset by a $20 million write-off of an abandoned project during 2013.
the unfavorable change in equity earnings (losses) is due to equity losses from bluegrass pipeline and moss lake related primarily to the underlying write-off of previously capitalized project development costs. (see note 3 - variable interest entities of notes to consolidated financial statements.)
the unfavorable change in segment loss is due primarily to equity losses from bluegrass pipeline and moss lake.
2013 vs. 2012
segment costs and expenses increased primarily due to the $20 million write-off of an abandoned project during 2013 as well as costs incurred during 2013 related to the development of the bluegrass pipeline.
other years ended december 31,
2014                                   2013                2012
(millions)
segment revenues           $259             $36                     $27
segment profit (loss)        $4             $(5       )             $56
2014 vs. 2013
segment revenues increased due to new canadian construction management services provided for third parties (substantially offset in segment costs and expenses). the favorable change in segment profit is primarily due to the absence of $6 million of project development costs incurred in 2013.
2013 vs. 2012
the unfavorable change in segment profit is primarily due to the absence of the gain of $53 million recognized in 2012 related to the 2010 sale of our interest in accroven srl. as part of a settlement regarding certain venezuelan assets in 2012, we received payment for all outstanding balances due from this sale. (see note 5 - investing activities of notes to consolidated financial statements.) the unfavorable change also reflects $6 million of project development costs incurred in 2013.
70
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and liquidity overview in 2014, we continued to focus upon both growth in our businesses through disciplined investment and growth in our per-share dividends. examples of this growth included:
•   the acquisition of acmp which has bolstered our position in the marcellus and utica shale plays and added diversity via the eagle ford, haynesville, barnett, mid-continent, and niobrara areas;
•   expansion of wpz's interstate natural gas pipeline system to meet the demand of growth markets;
•   continued investment in wpz's gathering and processing capacity and infrastructure in the marcellus shale area and deepwater gulf of mexico, as well as expansion of our olefins business in the gulf coast region;
•   expansion of our canadian facilities, which we anticipate contributing to wpz in the future;
•   total per-share dividends grew 36 percent to $1.96 in 2014 compared to $1.44 in 2013.
this growth was funded through cash flow from operations, distributions from wpz and acmp, debt and equity offerings, and cash on hand.
outlook we seek to manage our businesses with a focus on applying conservative financial policy in order to maintain investment-grade credit metrics. we continue to transition to an overall business mix that is increasingly fee-based. although our cash flows are impacted by fluctuations in energy commodity prices, that impact is somewhat mitigated by certain of our cash flow streams that are not directly impacted by short-term commodity price movements, including:
•   firm demand and capacity reservation transportation revenues under long-term contracts;
•   fee-based revenues from certain gathering and processing services.
we believe we have, or have access to, the financial resources and liquidity necessary to meet our requirements for working capital, capital and investment expenditures, dividends and distributions, debt service payments, and tax payments, while maintaining a sufficient level of liquidity. in particular, we note that we expect capital and investment expenditures to total between $3.96 billion and $4.59 billion in 2015. of this total, maintenance capital expenditures, which are generally considered nondiscretionary and include expenditures to meet legal and regulatory requirements, to maintain and/or extend the operating capacity and to complete certain well connections, are expected to total $490 million. expansion capital expenditures, which are generally more discretionary to fund projects in order to grow our business are expected to total between $3.47 billion and $4.10 billion. see company outlook - expansion projects for discussions describing the general nature of these expenditures. in addition, we retain the flexibility to adjust our planned levels of capital and investment expenditures in response to changes in economic conditions or business opportunities.
liquidity based on our forecasted levels of cash flow from operations and other sources of liquidity, we expect to have sufficient liquidity to manage our businesses in 2015. our internal and external sources of consolidated liquidity to fund working capital requirements, capital and investment expenditures, debt service payments, dividends and distributions, and tax payments include:
•   cash and cash equivalents on hand;
•   cash generated from operations, including cash distributions from the merged partnership and our equity-method investees based on our level of ownership and incentive distribution rights;
71
•   cash proceeds from issuances of debt and/or equity securities;
•   use of our credit facility.
these sources are available to us at either the parent or subsidiary level, as applicable, and are expected to be available to certain of our subsidiaries, particularly equity and debt issuances. the merged partnership is expected to be self-funding through its cash flows from operations, its credit facilities and/or commercial paper program, and its access to capital markets. we anticipate our more significant uses of cash to be:
•   maintenance and expansion capital expenditures;
•   contributions to our equity-method investees to fund their expansion capital expenditures;
•   interest on our long-term debt;
•   quarterly dividends to our shareholders.
potential risks associated with our planned levels of liquidity and the planned capital and investment expenditures discussed above include those previously discussed in company outlook.
as of december 31, 2014, we had a working capital deficit (current liabilities, inclusive of commercial paper issuances and long-term debt due within one year, in excess of current assets) of $677 million. however, we note the following about our available liquidity.
december 31, 2014
available liquidity                                                                                                                                         wpz                 acmp                wmb                         total
(millions)
cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                                   $129                $42                 $69                      $240
capacity available under our $1.5 billion credit facility (1)                                                                                                                                       1,130                   1,130
capacity available to pre-merger wpz under its $2.5 billion credit facility less amounts outstanding under its $2 billion commercial paper program (2)(4)   1,702                                                           1,702
capacity available to acmp under its $1.75 billion credit facility (3)(4)                                                                                                       1,108                                       1,108
$1,831              $1,150              $1,199                 $4,180
__________
(1)   the highest amount outstanding during 2014 was $370 million. see note 14 - debt, banking arrangements, and leases of notes to consolidated financial statements for discussion of the second amended and restated credit agreement we entered into on february 2, 2015 extending the maturity date to february 2, 2020. we are in compliance with the financial covenants as measured at december 31, 2014. at february 24, 2015, we have no borrowings outstanding under our credit facility.
(2)   in managing our available liquidity, we do not expect a maximum outstanding amount under wpz's commercial paper program in excess of the capacity available under wpz's credit facility. during 2014, pre-merger wpz borrowed under the commercial paper program and the highest amount outstanding during the year was $1 billion.
(3)   the highest amount outstanding during the six months ended december 31, 2014 was $728 million.
(4)   on february 2, 2015, in conjunction with the merger, these credit facilities were terminated and replaced with a $3.5 billion credit facility with a maturity date of february 2, 2020, with an option to extend the maturity date up to february 2, 2022, subject to certain circumstances. the merged partnership also amended and restated the commercial paper program to allow a maximum outstanding of $3 billion. on february 3, 2015, the merged partnership also entered into a $1.5 billion short-term credit facility with a maturity date of august 3, 2015, with
72
an option to extend the maturity date to february 2, 2016. we are in compliance with the financial covenants as measured at december 31, 2014. see note 14 - debt, banking arrangements, and leases of notes to consolidated financial statements for further discussion. at february 24, 2015, $1.3 billion is outstanding under wpz's credit facilities and $1.8 billion is outstanding under wpz's commercial paper program.
as described in note 14 - debt, banking arrangements, and leases of notes to consolidated financial statements, we have determined that we have net assets that are technically considered restricted in accordance with rule 4-08(e) of regulation s-x of the securities and exchange commission in excess of 25 percent of our consolidated net assets. we do not expect this determination will impact our ability to pay dividends or meet future obligations as the terms of the merged partnership's agreement require it to make quarterly distributions of all available cash, as defined, to its unitholders.
debt issuances and retirements the merged partnership retired $750 million of 3.8 percent senior unsecured notes that matured on february 15, 2015.
on june 27, 2014, pre-merger wpz completed a public offering of $750 million of 3.9 percent senior unsecured notes due 2025 and $500 million of 4.9 percent senior unsecured notes due 2045. pre-merger wpz used the net proceeds to repay amounts outstanding under its commercial paper program, to fund capital expenditures, and for general partnership purposes.
on june 24, 2014, we completed a public offering of $1.25 billion of 4.55 percent senior unsecured notes due 2024 and $650 million of 5.75 percent unsecured notes due 2044. we used the net proceeds to finance a portion of the acmp acquisition.
on march 4, 2014, pre-merger wpz completed a public offering of $1 billion of 4.3 percent senior unsecured notes due 2024 and $500 million of 5.4 percent senior unsecured notes due 2044. pre-merger wpz used the net proceeds to repay amounts outstanding under its commercial paper program, to fund capital expenditures, and for general partnership purposes.
equity offering on june 23, 2014, we issued 61 million shares of common stock in a public offering at a price of $57.00 per share. that amount includes 8 million shares purchased pursuant to the full exercise of the underwriter's option to purchase additional shares. the net proceeds of $3.378 billion were used to finance a portion of the acmp acquisition.
shelf registrations in april 2013, pre-merger wpz filed a shelf registration statement for the offer and sale from time to time of common units representing limited partner interests in pre-merger wpz having an aggregate offering price of up to $600 million. during 2014, 1,080,448 common units were issued under this registration. the net proceeds of $55 million were used for general partnership purposes. pre-merger wpz's shelf registration statement was terminated on february 2, 2015 in conjunction with the merger.
in july 2013, acmp filed a shelf registration statement under which it may offer and sell common units representing limited partner interests in acmp having an aggregate offering price of up to $300 million. during the last six months of 2014, no common units were issued under this registration. on february 24, 2015, the merged partnership filed a post-effective amendment to terminate the effectiveness of this shelf registration statement pertaining to sales of common units and to deregister the offer and sale of all unsold common units thereunder. the merged partnership anticipates filing a new registration statement on form s-3 concerning the sale, on a continuous offering basis, by the merged partnership of common units.
distributions from equity-method investees the organizational documents of entities in which we have an equity-method interest generally require distribution of their available cash to their members on a quarterly basis. in each case, available cash is reduced, in part, by reserves
73
appropriate for operating their respective businesses. see note 5 - investing activities of notes to consolidated financial statements for our more significant equity-method investees.
credit ratings our ability to borrow money is impacted by our credit ratings and the credit ratings of the merged partnership. on february 24, 2015, credit ratings are as follows:
rating agency               outlook    seniorunsecureddebt rating   corporatecredit rating wmb:   standard &amp; poor's       stable     bb+                          bbb moody's investors service   stable     baa3                         n/a fitch ratings               negative   bbb-                         n/a wpz:   standard &amp; poor's       stable     bbb                          bbb moody's investors service   stable     baa2                         n/a fitch ratings               negative   bbb                          n/a credit rating agencies perform independent analyses when assigning credit ratings. no assurance can be given that the credit rating agencies will continue to assign us investment grade ratings even if we meet or exceed their current criteria for investment grade ratios. a downgrade of our credit rating might increase our future cost of borrowing and would require us to post additional collateral with third parties, negatively impacting our available liquidity. as of december 31, 2014, we estimate that a downgrade to a rating below investment grade for us or wpz could require us to post up to $584 thousand or $262 million, respectively, in additional collateral with third parties.
sources (uses) of cash years ended december 31,
2014                                                                2013                  2012
(millions)
net cash provided (used) by:
operating activities                                  $2,115                $2,217                $1,835
financing activities                                   7,601                 1,677                 5,036
investing activities                                 (10,157    )           (4,052    )           (6,921    )
increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents       $(441    )            $(158    )             $(50    )
operating activities the factors that determine operating activities are largely the same as those that affect net income (loss), with the exception of noncash expenses such as gain on remeasurement of equity-method investment, depreciation and amortization, provision (benefit) for deferred income taxes, and gain on reconsolidation of wilpro entities. our net cash provided by operating activities in 2014 decreased from 2013 primarily due to the impact of net unfavorable changes in operating working capital, lower olefins production margins, and increased interest payments on debt. these changes were partially offset by proceeds from insurance recoveries on the geismar incident, proceeds from a contingency settlement in 2014, and contributions from consolidating acmp for the second half of 2014.
our net cash provided by operating activities in 2013 increased from 2012 primarily due to proceeds from insurance recoveries on the eminence storage field leak and geismar incident, $93 million of distributions from our investment in access midstream partners acquired in december 2012, and net favorable changes in operating working capital, partially offset by lower operating income.
financing activities significant transactions include:
74
2014
•   $1.895 billion net received from our debt offerings;
•   $2.74 billion net proceeds received from pre-merger wpz's debt offerings:
•   $1.040 billion received from our credit facility borrowings and $1.646 billion received for the six months ended december 31, 2014, on acmp's credit facility borrowings;
•   $670 million paid on our credit facility borrowings and $1.156 billion paid for the six months ended december 31, 2014, on acmp's credit facility borrowings;
•   $572 million net proceeds received from pre-merger wpz's commercial paper issuances;
•   $3.416 billion received from our equity offerings;
•   $1.412 billion paid for quarterly dividends on common stock;
•   $840 million paid for dividends and distributions to noncontrolling interests;
•   $340 million received in contributions from noncontrolling interests.
2013
•   $224 million net proceeds received from pre-merger wpz's commercial paper issuances;
•   $1.705 billion received from pre-merger wpz's credit facility borrowings;
•   $994 million net proceeds received from pre-merger wpz's november 2013 public offering of $600 million of 4.5 percent senior unsecured notes due 2023 and $400 million of 5.8 percent senior unsecured notes due 2043;
•   $2.08 billion paid on pre-merger wpz's credit facility borrowings;
•   $1.819 billion received from pre-merger wpz's equity offerings;
•   $982 million paid for quarterly dividends on common stock;
•   $489 million paid for dividends and distributions to noncontrolling interests;
•   $467 million received in contributions from noncontrolling interests.
2012
•   $2.55 billion net proceeds received from our 2012 equity offerings;
•   $1.559 billion received from pre-merger wpz's 2012 equity offerings;
•   $842 million net proceeds received from our december 2012 public offering of $850 million of 3.7 percent senior unsecured notes due 2023;
•   $745 million net proceeds received from pre-merger wpz's august 2012 public offering of $750 million of senior unsecured notes due 2022;
75
•   $395 million net proceeds received from transco's july 2012 issuance of $400 million of senior unsecured notes;
•   $1.49 billion received from pre-merger wpz's credit facility borrowings;
•   $1.115 billion of pre-merger wpz's credit facility borrowings paid;
•   $325 million paid to retire transco's 8.875 percent notes that matured in july 2012;
•   we paid $742 million of quarterly dividends on common stock;
•   we paid $387 million of dividends and distributions to noncontrolling interests.
investing activities significant transactions include:
2014
•   capital expenditures totaled $4.031 billion;
•   purchases of and contributions to our equity-method investments of $482 million;
•   $5.958 billion paid, net of cash acquired, for the acmp acquisition.
2013
•   capital expenditures totaled $3.572 billion;
•   purchases of and contributions to our equity-method investments of $455 million.
2012
•   capital expenditures totaled $2.529 billion;
•   purchases of and contributions to our equity-method investments of $2.651 billion, including $2.19 billion paid in december 2012 for our investment in acmp;
•   $1.72 billion paid, net of purchase price adjustments, for pre-merge wpz's caiman acquisition in april 2012;
•   $325 million paid, net of cash acquired in the transaction, for pre-merger wpz's laser acquisition in march 2012;
•   $121 million received from the reconsolidation of the wilpro entities (see note 4 - discontinued operations of our notes to consolidated financial statements).
off-balance sheet arrangements and guarantees of debt or other commitments we have various other guarantees and commitments which are disclosed in note 3 - variable interest entities, note 11 - property, plant, and equipment, note 14 - debt, banking arrangements, and leases, note 17 - fair value measurements, guarantees, and concentration of credit risk, and note 18 - contingent liabilities and commitments of notes to consolidated financial statements. we do not believe these guarantees or the possible fulfillment of them will prevent us from meeting our liquidity needs.
76
contractual obligations the table below summarizes the maturity dates of our contractual obligations at december 31, 2014:
2015                                               2016 - 2017           2018 - 2019            thereafter               total
(millions)
long-term debt:
principal                         $-              $1,160                $1,542               $17,998               $20,700
interest                       1,041               2,000                 1,847                 7,805                12,693
commercial paper                 798                   -                     -                     -                   798
capital leases                     4                   1                     -                     -                     5
operating leases                  89                 126                    75                   129                   419
purchase obligations (1)       1,399                 400                   331                   547                 2,677
other obligations (2)(3)           2                   1                     -                     -                     3
total                         $3,333              $3,688                $3,795               $26,479               $37,295
______________
(1)   includes approximately $616 million in open property, plant, and equipment purchase orders. includes an estimated $389 million long-term ethane purchase obligation with index-based pricing terms that is reflected in this table at december 31, 2014 prices. this obligation is part of an overall exchange agreement whereby volumes we transport on oppl are sold at a third-party fractionator near conway, kansas, and we are subsequently obligated to purchase ethane volumes at mont belvieu. the purchased ethane volumes may be utilized or resold at comparable prices in the mont belvieu market. includes an estimated $600 million long-term ngl purchase obligation with index-based pricing terms that primarily supplies a third party at its plant and is valued in this table at a price calculated using december 31, 2014 prices. any excess purchased volumes may be sold at comparable market prices. in addition, we have not included certain natural gas life-of-lease contracts for which the future volumes are indeterminable. we have not included commitments, beyond purchase orders, for the acquisition or construction of property, plant, and equipment or expected contributions to our jointly owned investments (see company outlook - expansion projects).
(2)   does not include estimated contributions to our pension and other postretirement benefit plans. we made contributions to our pension and other postretirement benefit plans of $69 million in 2014 and $100 million in 2013. in 2015, we expect to contribute approximately $69 million to these plans (see note 9 - employee benefit plans of notes to consolidated financial statements). tax-qualified pension plans are required to meet minimum contribution requirements. in the past, we have contributed amounts to our tax-qualified pension plans in excess of the minimum required contribution. these excess amounts can be used to offset future minimum contribution requirements. during 2014, we contributed $60 million to our tax-qualified pension plans. in addition to these contributions, a portion of the excess contributions was used to meet the minimum contribution requirements. during 2015, we expect to contribute approximately $60 million to our tax-qualified pension plans and use excess amounts to satisfy minimum contribution requirements, if needed. additionally, estimated future minimum funding requirements may vary significantly from historical requirements if actual results differ significantly from estimated results for assumptions such as returns on plan assets, interest rates, retirement rates, mortality, and other significant assumptions or by changes to current legislation and regulations.
(3)   we have not included income tax liabilities in the table above. see note 7 - provision (benefit) for income taxes of notes to consolidated financial statements for a discussion of income taxes, including our contingent tax liability reserves.
effects of inflation our operations have historically not been materially affected by inflation. approximately 35 percent of our gross property, plant, and equipment is comprised of our interstate natural gas pipeline assets. they are subject to regulation, which limits recovery to historical cost. while amounts in excess of historical cost are not recoverable under current ferc practices, we anticipate being allowed to recover and earn a return based on increased actual cost incurred to replace existing assets. cost-based regulations, along with competition and other market factors, may limit our ability
77
to recover such increased costs. for our gathering and processing assets, operating costs are influenced to a greater extent by both competition for specialized services and specific price changes in crude oil and natural gas and related commodities than by changes in general inflation. crude oil, natural gas, and ngl prices are particularly sensitive to the organization of the petroleum exporting countries (opec) production levels and/or the market perceptions concerning the supply and demand balance in the near future, as well as general economic conditions. however, our exposure to certain of these price changes is reduced through the fee-based nature of certain of our services and the use of hedging instruments.
environmental we are a participant in certain environmental activities in various stages including assessment studies, cleanup operations and/or remedial processes at certain sites, some of which we currently do not own (see note 18 - contingent liabilities and commitments of notes to consolidated financial statements). we are monitoring these sites in a coordinated effort with other potentially responsible parties, the epa, or other governmental authorities. we are jointly and severally liable along with unrelated third parties in some of these activities and solely responsible in others. current estimates of the most likely costs of such activities are approximately $44 million, all of which are included in accrued liabilities and other noncurrent liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet at december 31, 2014. we will seek recovery of approximately $11 million of these accrued costs through future natural gas transmission rates. the remainder of these costs will be funded from operations. during 2014, we paid approximately $11 million for cleanup and/or remediation and monitoring activities. we expect to pay approximately $11 million in 2015 for these activities. estimates of the most likely costs of cleanup are generally based on completed assessment studies, preliminary results of studies or our experience with other similar cleanup operations. at december 31, 2014, certain assessment studies were still in process for which the ultimate outcome may yield different estimates of most likely costs. therefore, the actual costs incurred will depend on the final amount, type, and extent of contamination discovered at these sites, the final cleanup standards mandated by the epa or other governmental authorities, and other factors.
in march 2008, the epa promulgated a new, lower national ambient air quality standard (naaqs) for ground-level ozone. however, in september 2009, the epa announced it would reconsider the 2008 naaqs for ground level ozone to ensure that the standards were clearly grounded in science and were protective of both public health and the environment. as a result, the epa delayed designation of new eight-hour ozone nonattainment areas under the 2008 standards until the reconsideration is complete. in january 2010, the epa proposed to further reduce the ground-level ozone naaqs from the march 2008 levels. in september 2011, the epa announced that it was proceeding with required actions to implement the 2008 ozone standard and area designations. in may 2012, the epa completed designation of new eight-hour ozone nonattainment areas. several transco facilities are located in 2008 ozone nonattainment areas; however, each facility has been previously subjected to federal and/or state emission control requirements implemented to address the preceding ozone standards. to date, no new federal or state actions have been proposed to mandate additional emission controls at these facilities. at this time, it is unknown whether future federal or state regulatory actions associated with implementation of the 2008 ozone standard will impact our operations and increase the cost of additions to property, plant, and equipment - net on the consolidated balance sheet. until any additional federal or state regulatory actions are proposed, we are unable to estimate the cost of additions that may be required to meet this new regulation. additionally, several nonattainment areas exist in or near areas where we have operating assets. states are required to develop implementation plans to bring these areas into compliance. implementing regulations are expected to result in impacts to our operations and increase the cost of additions to property, plant, and equipment - net on the consolidated balance sheet for both new and existing facilities in affected areas.
in june 2010, the epa promulgated a final rule establishing a new one-hour sulfur dioxide (so2) naaqs. the effective date of the new so2 standard was august 23, 2010. the epa has not adopted final modeling guidance. we are unable at this time to estimate the cost of additions that may be required to meet this new regulation.
on january 22, 2010, the epa set a new one-hour nitrogen dioxide (no2) naaqs. the effective date of the new no2 standard was april 12, 2010. this standard is subject to challenge in federal court. on january 20, 2012, the epa determined pursuant to available information that no area in the country is violating the 2010 no2 naaqs and thus designated all areas of the country as "unclassifiable/attainment." also, at that time the epa noted its plan to deploy an expanded no2 monitoring network beginning in 2013. however on october 5, 2012, the epa proposed a graduated implementation of the monitoring network between january 1, 2014 and january 1, 2017. once three years of data is
78
collected from the new monitoring network, the epa will reassess attainment status with the one-hour no2 naaqs. until that time, the epa or states may require ambient air quality modeling on a case by case basis to demonstrate compliance with the no2 standard. because we are unable to predict the outcome of the epa's or states' future assessment using the new monitoring network, we are unable to estimate the cost of additions that may be required to meet this regulation.
our interstate natural gas pipelines consider prudently incurred environmental assessment and remediation costs and the costs associated with compliance with environmental standards to be recoverable through rates.
79
