abbvie depends on information technology and a failure of those systems could adversely affect abbvie's business. abbvie relies on sophisticated software applications and complex information technology systems to operate its business. these systems are potentially vulnerable to malicious intrusion, random attack, loss of data privacy, disruption, degradation or breakdown. data privacy or security breaches by employees or others may result in the failure of critical business operations or may cause sensitive data, including intellectual property, trade secrets or personal information belonging to abbvie, its patients, customers or business partners, to be exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public. although abbvie has invested in the protection of its data and information technology and also monitors its systems on an ongoing basis, there can be no assurance that these efforts will prevent breakdowns or breaches in abbvie's information technology systems that could adversely affect abbvie's business. such adverse consequences could include loss of revenue, or the loss of critical or sensitive information from abbvie's or third-party providers' databases or IT systems and could also result in legal, financial, reputational or business harm to abbvie and potentially substantial remediation costs. abbvie's success is largely dependent on its continued ability to attract and retain highly qualified scientific, technical and management personnel, as well as personnel with expertise in clinical R&D, governmental regulation and commercialization. competition for qualified personnel in the biopharmaceutical field is intense. abbvie cannot be sure that it will be able to attract and retain quality personnel or that the costs of doing so will not materially increase. abbvie's strategy has focused on delivering strong financial results, advancing and investing in its pipeline and returning value to shareholders while ensuring a strong, sustainable growth business over the long term. abbvie intends to continue to advance its mission in a number of ways, including growing revenues by diversifying revenue streams, ensuring strong commercial execution of new product launches and driving late-stage pipeline assets to the market. abbvie expects to achieve its strategic objectives through completion and successful integration of the proposed allergan acquisition, effective management of humira international biosimilar erosion, and the favorable impact of pipeline products and indications recently approved or currently under regulatory review. abbvie remains committed to driving continued expansion of operating margins and expects to achieve this objective through continued leverage from revenue growth, productivity initiatives in supply chain and ongoing efficiency programs to optimize manufacturing, commercial infrastructure, administrative costs and general corporate expenses. the combination of abbvie and allergan will create a diverse entity with leadership positions across immunology, hematologic oncology, aesthetics, neuroscience, women's health, eye care and virology. abbvie's existing product portfolio and pipeline will be enhanced with numerous allergan assets and allergan's product portfolio will benefit from abbvie's commercial strength, expertise and international infrastructure. abbvie's financial performance in 2019 included delivering worldwide net revenues of $33.3 billion, operating earnings of $13.0 billion, diluted earnings per share of $5.28 and cash flows from operations of $13.3 billion. abbvie commits substantial effort, funds, and other resources to research and development and must make ongoing substantial expenditures without any assurance that its efforts will be commercially successful. the successful discovery, development, manufacturing and sale of biologics is a long, expensive and uncertain process. abbvie's biologic products are subject to competition from biosimilars. the biologics price competition and innovation act creates a framework for the approval of biosimilars in the united states and could allow competitors to reference data from biologic products already approved. abbvie's products are generally sold worldwide directly to wholesalers, distributors, government agencies, health care facilities, specialty pharmacies and independent retailers from abbvie-owned distribution centers and public warehouses. in the united states, abbvie distributes pharmaceutical products principally through independent wholesale distributors, with some sales directly to pharmacies and patients.