Our competitive position and results of operations could be harmed if we do not compete effectively. The markets for our products and services are characterized by intense competition, evolving distribution models, and disruptive technology developments. Our future success will depend on our continued ability to enhance and integrate our existing products and services, introduce new products and services in a timely and cost-effective manner, and meet changing customer expectations and needs. The process of developing and acquiring new technology products and services and enhancing existing offerings is complex, costly, and uncertain. If we fail to anticipate customers' rapidly changing needs and expectations or adapt to emerging technological trends, our market share and results of operations could suffer. We must make long-term investments, develop, acquire, or obtain appropriate intellectual property and commit significant resources before knowing whether our predictions will accurately reflect customer demand for our products and services. Additionally, any delay in the development, acquisition, marketing, or launch of a new offering or enhancement to an existing offering could result in customer attrition or impede our ability to attract new customers. Security breaches in data centers we manage, or third parties manage on our behalf, may compromise the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of employee and customer data, which could expose us to liability and adversely affect our reputation and business. We process and store significant amounts of employee and customer data, a large volume of which is hosted by third-party service providers. Unauthorized access to or loss or disclosure of data stored may occur through physical break-ins, breaches of a secure network by an unauthorized party, software vulnerabilities, or coding errors. Our ability to collect and report data may be delayed or interrupted by a number of factors, including access to the internet, the failure of our network or software systems, security breaches, or significant variability in visitor traffic on customer websites. We believe that investments in research and development, including the recruiting and hiring of software developers, are critical to remain competitive in the marketplace and are directly related to the continued timely development of new and enhanced offerings and solutions. We have made significant investments to broaden the scale and size of our routes to market, and our recent financial results reflect the success of these investments. Our digital experience business provides comprehensive solutions that enable marketers to measure, personalize, and optimize marketing campaigns and digital experiences across channels for optimal marketing performance. By combining the creativity of our digital media business with the science of our digital experience business, we help our customers to more efficiently and effectively make, manage, measure, and monetize their content across every channel with an end-to-end workflow and feedback loop. Our ability to innovate, introduce new products and services efficiently, enhance and integrate our products and services in a timely and cost-effective manner, and anticipate emerging standards, business models, software delivery methods, and other technological developments is crucial for our future success. We rely on data centers managed both by us and third parties to host and deliver our services, and any interruptions or delays in these hosted services could expose us to liability and harm our business and reputation.