Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks that may cause future results to differ from current expectations. The level of importance of these risks may vary, and any of these risks may have a materially adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We are focused on ensuring that we safeguard and protect personal and business information and client funds, devoting significant resources to maintain and regularly update our systems and processes. The global environment grows increasingly hostile as attacks on information technology systems continue to grow in frequency, complexity, and sophistication. We have programs and processes in place to prevent, detect, and respond to data or cyber security incidents; however, the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or sabotage systems change frequently and may be difficult to detect. Our systems, applications, solutions, and services may be subject to disruptions that could have a materially adverse effect on our business and reputation. We rely heavily on our payroll, financial, accounting, and other data processing systems, and any failure to operate properly could result in financial loss, disruption of our businesses, or damage to our reputation. We have disaster recovery, business continuity, and crisis management plans designed to protect our businesses against various events. Despite our preparations, our plans may not be successful in preventing or mitigating the loss of client data or service interruptions. We host our applications and serve our clients from data centers that we operate and from data centers operated by third-party vendors. If any of our or our third-party vendors' data centers fails or becomes disrupted, our businesses could be adversely affected. We continually upgrade, enhance, and expand our technology, solutions, and services to remain competitive and responsive to client demands. If we fail to respond successfully to technology challenges and client needs, the demand for our solutions and services may diminish. We have made and expect to continue to make significant investments in product development, and we must continue to dedicate resources to our development efforts. Our transformation initiatives are designed to streamline our organization and support our revenue growth, margin improvement, and productivity. If we do not successfully manage and execute these initiatives, we may fail to meet our financial goals and achieve anticipated benefits. The efficiencies driving margin performance are the result of our continued successful execution of our broader transformation initiatives, including improvements in our systems infrastructure and automation efforts. We are a leading global provider of cloud-based human capital management technology solutions, and we deliver on our global HCM strategy by investing in strategic areas and technology to strengthen our underlying business model. Our investments in technology, service, and distribution position us to maintain positive momentum. We are focused on rethinking a better, more personalized world at work and helping our clients achieve their full potential. Our financial condition and balance sheet remain solid, and we expect existing cash, cash equivalents, and cash flow from operations will be adequate to meet our operating, investing, and financing activities. Our client funds investment strategy is structured to allow us to average our way through an interest rate cycle by laddering the maturities of our investments. We minimize the risk of not having funds collected from a client available at the time such client's obligation becomes due by impounding, in virtually all instances, the client's funds in advance of the timing of payment.