Applied's industries historically have been cyclical and are subject to volatility and sudden changes in customer requirements for new manufacturing capacity and advanced technology. To meet rapidly changing demand in the industries it serves, Applied must accurately forecast demand and effectively manage its resources and production capacity across its businesses. Applied is exposed to the risks of operating a global business, which includes the need to provide sufficient levels of technical support in different locations around the world. The performance of third-party providers of outsourced functions, including certain engineering, software development, manufacturing, information technology, and other activities, can significantly impact Applied's operations. The increasing importance of establishing, improving, and maintaining strong relationships with customers is critical, as is the ability to effectively allocate resources between existing products and markets and the development of new products. Applied's ability to successfully expand its business into new and related markets and industries may be adversely affected by various factors, including the complexity of managing multiple businesses with variations in production planning, execution, supply chain management, and logistics. The development, introduction, and support of a broadening set of products in a geographically diverse and competitive environment have grown more complex and expensive over time. Applied must maintain operating flexibility to enable responses to changing markets, applications, customers, and customer requirements, which is essential for enhancing its worldwide operations across its businesses to reduce cycle time, enable continuous quality improvement, reduce costs, and enhance design for manufacturability and serviceability. The company’s strategic priorities include developing products that help solve customers' challenges at technology inflections and expanding its served market opportunities in the semiconductor and display industries. Applied's significant investments in research, development, and engineering must enable it to deliver new products and technologies before the emergence of strong demand, allowing customers to incorporate these products into their manufacturing plans during early-stage technology selection. The ability to attract, retain, and motivate key employees is vital to Applied's success, as achieving this objective may be difficult due to many factors, including fluctuations in global economic and industry conditions. Applied is exposed to risks associated with cybersecurity threats and incidents, as it collects, uses, transmits, and stores data on information technology systems. The failure to successfully implement enterprise resource planning and other information systems changes could adversely impact Applied's business and results of operations. If Applied does not successfully anticipate technology inflections, develop and commercialize new products and technologies, and respond to changes in customer requirements and market trends, its business performance and results of operations may be adversely impacted. The ability to effectively manage a diverse workforce and develop relationships with local customers, suppliers, and governments is also critical to Applied's operational success.