The success of our business is dependent upon our ability to introduce products on a timely basis with features and performance levels that provide value to our customers while supporting and coinciding with significant industry transitions. Our business processes and information systems need to be sufficiently scalable to support the growth of our business and may require modifications or upgrades that expose us to a number of operational risks. Our information technology systems, and those of third-party information technology providers or business partners, may also be vulnerable to damage or disruption caused by circumstances beyond our control including catastrophic events, power anomalies or outages, natural disasters, viruses or malware, cyber-attacks, data breaches and computer system or network failures, exposing us to significant cost, reputational harm and disruption or damage to our business. We continuously work on simplifying our information systems and applications through consolidation and standardization efforts. Our information technology systems must keep pace with the speed of changes in our business environment, and if we are not able to meet regulatory and compliance requirements, our business would be materially adversely affected. We rely on third-party providers to operate our regional product distribution centers and to manage the transportation of our work-in-process and finished products among our facilities, to our manufacturing suppliers and to our customers. Additionally, we rely on third parties to provide certain information technology services to us, including help desk support, desktop application services, business and software support applications, server and storage administration, data center operations, database administration and voice, video and remote access. Our ability to manage the risks related to the use of our third-party distributors and aib partners or offer appropriate incentives to focus them on the sale of our products is critical to our business. The introduction of new products and enhancements to existing products is necessary to maintain the overall corporate average selling price. If we are unable to introduce new products with sufficiently high sale prices or to increase unit sales volumes capable of offsetting the reductions in the sale prices of existing products over time, our business could be materially adversely affected. Our ability to develop, qualify and distribute, and have manufactured, new products and related technologies to meet evolving industry requirements, at prices acceptable to our customers and on a timely basis are significant factors in determining our competitiveness in our target markets. The competitive environment is characterized by rapid technological changes, frequent product introductions by our competitors or new competitors of products that may provide better performance or experience, or may include additional features that render our products comparatively less competitive. Our ability to innovate beyond the x86 instruction set controlled by Intel depends partially on Microsoft designing and developing its operating systems to run on or support our x86-based microprocessor products. The political, legal and economic risks associated with our operations in foreign countries include difficulties in protecting our intellectual property and managing staffing and exposure to different employment practices and labor laws. We maintain operations around the world, and our worldwide operations are subject to political, legal and economic risks and natural disasters, which could have a material adverse effect on us. Our relationships with our customers could be adversely affected as some of our customers may stop purchasing our products, reduce or delay future purchases of our products, or use competing products. Cyber threats may be generic, or they may be custom-crafted against our information systems, and these data breaches and any unauthorized access, misuse or disclosure of our information or intellectual property could compromise our intellectual property and expose sensitive business information.