The cloud networking market is rapidly evolving, and our ability to provide cloud networking solutions that address the needs of end customers more effectively and economically than those of other competitors or existing technologies is critical. Our business depends on the overall demand for information technology, network connectivity, and access to data and applications. We have experienced reduced and volatile demand from certain of our large end customers, which could impact our future revenue growth. Our success will depend in part upon our ability to manage our growth effectively, which includes improving our operational, financial, and management controls and implementing more extensive and integrated financial and business information systems. We have invested substantially in developing new products and services and enhancements to existing products through our acquisitions and research and development efforts to expand our product offerings and maintain revenue growth. The programmability of our EOS software has allowed us to create a set of software applications that address the requirements of cloud networking, including workflow automation, network visibility, and analytics. Our research and development efforts are focused on maintaining and developing additional functionality for our existing products and on new product development, including new releases and upgrades to our EOS software and applications. Our ability to continue to compete effectively in a rapidly evolving market requires us to successfully release new products that meet the increasingly sophisticated networking requirements of our end customers. We expect our gross margins to fluctuate over time, depending on factors such as sales to large end customers who generally receive lower pricing, manufacturing-related costs, and the mix of products sold. Our relationships with our strategic alliance partners or suppliers may shift as industry dynamics change, which could lead to more variability in our results of operations and impact the pricing of our solutions. We increasingly depend upon our IT systems to conduct virtually all of our business operations, and our business operations depend, in part, on the success of third parties' cybersecurity measures. Our ability to effectively manage our supply chain may be adversely affected by factors including shortages of components used to manufacture our products and geopolitical conditions. We must continue to enhance our existing products and develop new technologies and products that address emerging technological trends, evolving industry standards, and changing end-customer needs. Our ability to attract new large end customers and to sell additional products and services to our existing end customers is crucial for our revenue growth. We expect that our existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for the foreseeable future, but if we require additional capital, we may not be able to raise it on favorable terms. Our business strategy is to focus primarily on long-term growth, which may result in lower profitability in any given period. We have experienced significant growth in our installed base, and we expect our revenue may vary from period to period based on the timing, size, and complexity of orders, especially with respect to our large end customers.