We rely on performance marketing channels to generate a significant amount of traffic to our websites. Performance marketing expenses consist primarily of the costs of search engine keyword purchases, referrals from meta-search and travel research websites, affiliate programs, and other performance-based marketing and incentives. Our strategy involves continued expansion throughout the world, and we are subject to associated risks typical of international businesses. We have invested considerable money and resources in the establishment and maintenance of our brands, and we will continue to invest resources in brand marketing and other brand building efforts to preserve and enhance consumer awareness of our brands. We believe that maintaining and strengthening our brands are important aspects of our efforts to attract and retain customers. Our online performance marketing efficiency, expressed as performance marketing expense as a percentage of revenues, is impacted by a number of factors that are subject to variability and that are, in some cases, outside of our control, including adrs, costs per click, cancellation rates, foreign currency exchange rates, our ability to convert paid traffic to booking customers, and the extent to which consumers come directly to our websites or mobile apps for bookings. We have observed a long-term trend of decreasing performance marketing returns on investment. We may not be able to keep up with rapid technological or other market changes. The markets in which we compete are characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, consolidation, frequent new service announcements, introductions and enhancements, and changing consumer demands and preferences. Our future success will depend on our ability to adapt to rapidly changing technologies, to adapt our services and online platforms to evolving industry standards and local preferences, and to continually innovate and improve the performance, features, and reliability of our services and online platforms in response to competitive service offerings and the evolving demands of the marketplace. We believe that ease-of-use, comprehensive functionality, and the look and feel of our mobile platforms are increasingly competitively critical as consumers obtain more of their travel and restaurant services through mobile devices and platforms. Our ability to achieve our long-term strategy to build the connected trip depends on successfully integrating and developing new and evolving technologies, which is likely to require increased financial and personnel investments that could have an adverse impact on our results of operations until we achieve the expected return on these investments. We believe that another critical component to our future success will be our ability to enhance our payments capabilities, including by offering alternative payment solutions to consumers even when those payment solutions may not be accepted by the travel service provider or restaurant. Our processing, storage, use, and disclosure of personal data expose us to risks of internal or external security breaches and could give rise to liabilities and/or damage to reputation. Cyberattacks by individuals, groups of hackers, and state-sponsored organizations are increasing in frequency and sophistication and are constantly evolving. Any security breach, whether instigated internally or externally on our systems or third-party systems, could significantly harm our reputation and therefore our business, brand, market share, and results of operations. We have experienced targeted and organized phishing and account takeover attacks and we expect to continue to experience these events in the future. Our existing security measures may not be successful in preventing security breaches. We rely on certain third-party computer systems and third-party service providers, including global distribution systems and computerized central reservation systems of the accommodation, rental car, and airline industries in connection with providing some of our services. Any damage to, breach of, or interruption in these third-party services and systems or deterioration in their performance could prevent us from booking related accommodation, rental car, and airline reservations and have a material adverse effect on our business, brands, and results of operations.