We operate in a competitive business environment and may not be able to compete effectively. Our ability to enhance our current products and services and to develop and introduce innovative products and services will significantly affect our future success. We must anticipate and respond to these changes in order to remain competitive within our relevant markets. If we fail to keep pace with technological change, we could lose clients or have trouble attracting new clients, and our ability to grow may be limited. The markets for our products and services are characterized by constant and rapid technological change, frequent introduction of new products and services, and increasing client expectations. Our ability to provide innovative point-of-sale technology to our merchant clients could have an impact on our merchant acquiring business. The success of certain of our products and services relies, in part, on financial institutions, billers, and other third parties to promote the use of our products and services by their customers. If we are unsuccessful in offering products or services that gain market acceptance and compete effectively, or if third parties insufficiently promote our products and services, it would likely have a material adverse effect on our ability to retain existing clients, to attract new ones, and to grow profitably. Our business depends, in part, on our merchant and financial institution relationships and alliances, and if we are unable to maintain these relationships and alliances, our business may be adversely affected. The operations and systems of many participants in the global financial system are interconnected. A disruption for any reason of the operations of a participant in the global financial system could impact our ability to obtain or provide information or cause funds to be moved in a manner to successfully deliver our products and services. Our business depends on third parties to provide us with certain products and services. The failure of these vendors to properly perform their obligations in a timely manner could expose us and our clients to information security, financial, compliance, and reputational risks, among others. We expect to continue to invest significant resources to maintain and enhance our information security and controls or to investigate and remediate any security vulnerabilities. Our operations depend on receiving, storing, processing, and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to our business, our employees, our clients, and their customers. The confidentiality of such sensitive business information and personal consumer information residing on our systems is critical to our business. Any unauthorized access, intrusion, infiltration, network disruption, denial of service, or similar incident could disrupt the integrity, continuity, security, and trust of our systems or data. We believe that economies of scale in developing and maintaining the infrastructure, technology, products, services, and networks necessary to be competitive in such an environment are essential to justify these investments. We anticipate that demand for products that facilitate customer interaction with financial institutions, including electronic transactions through digital channels, will continue to increase, which we expect to create revenue opportunities for us. The focus on digital channels by both financial institutions and their customers, as well as the growing volume and types of payment transactions in the marketplace, continues to elevate the data and transaction processing needs of financial institutions. We believe that our sizable and diverse client base, combined with our position as a leading provider of non-discretionary, recurring revenue-based products and services, gives us a solid foundation for growth.