We are dependent on information technology systems, infrastructure and data, including our kite konnect platform, which is critical to ensure chain of identity and chain of custody of yescarta. The multitude and complexity of our computer systems make them inherently vulnerable to service interruption or destruction, malicious intrusion and random attack. Cyberattacks are increasing in their frequency, sophistication and intensity. Cyberattacks could include the deployment of harmful malware, denial-of-service, social engineering and other means to affect service reliability and threaten data confidentiality, integrity and availability. Our business and technology partners face similar risks and any security breach of their systems could adversely affect our security posture. While we have invested, and continue to invest, in the protection of our data and information technology infrastructure, there can be no assurance that our efforts, or the efforts of our partners and vendors, will prevent future service interruptions or identify breaches in our systems. Such interruptions or breaches could adversely affect our business and operations and/or cause the loss of critical or sensitive information, including personal information, which could result in financial, legal, business or reputational harm to us. In addition, our insurance may not be sufficient in type or amount to cover the financial, legal, business or reputational losses that may result from an interruption or breach of our systems. Regulators globally are also imposing new data privacy and security requirements, including new and greater monetary fines for privacy violations. For example, the general data protection regulation (gdpr) that became effective in Europe in 2018 established regulations regarding the handling of personal data, and non-compliance with the gdpr may result in monetary penalties of up to four percent of worldwide revenue. In addition, new domestic data privacy and security laws, such as the california consumer privacy act (ccpa) that became effective in January 2020, and others that may be passed, similarly introduce requirements with respect to personal information, and non-compliance with ccpa may result in liability through private actions and enforcement. The gdpr, ccpa and other changes, or new laws or regulations associated with the enhanced protection of personal information, including in some cases healthcare data or other personal information, could greatly increase our cost of providing our products and services or even prevent us from offering certain services in jurisdictions in which we operate. Our operations depend on compliance with complex fda and comparable international regulations. Failure to obtain broad approvals on a timely basis or to maintain compliance could delay or halt commercialization of our products. We are required to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of products that we develop for each intended use through extensive preclinical studies and clinical trials. The results from preclinical and early clinical studies do not always accurately predict results in later, large-scale clinical trials. Even successfully completed large-scale clinical trials may not result in marketable products. We extensively outsource our clinical trial activities and usually perform only a small portion of the start-up activities in-house. We rely on independent third-party contract research organizations (cros) to perform most of our clinical studies, including document preparation, site identification, screening and preparation, pre-study visits, training, program management, patient enrollment, ongoing monitoring, site management and bioanalytical analysis. Many important aspects of the services performed for us by the cros are out of our direct control. If there is any dispute or disruption in our relationship with our cros, our clinical trials may be delayed.