Our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process and monitor a very large number of transactions, many of which are highly complex and occur at high volumes and frequencies, across numerous and diverse markets in many currencies. These transactions, as well as the information technology services we provide to clients, often must adhere to client-specific guidelines, as well as legal and regulatory standards. Compliance with these legal and reporting requirements can be challenging, and we have been, and may in the future be, subject to regulatory fines and penalties for failing to follow these rules or to report timely, accurate and complete information in accordance with these rules. As such requirements expand, compliance with these rules and regulations has become more challenging. Our operational systems and infrastructure must continuously be updated to support our operations and growth and to respond to changes in regulations and markets, and we invest heavily in systemic controls and training to pursue our objective of ensuring that such transactions do not violate applicable rules and regulations or, due to errors in processing such transactions, adversely affect markets, our clients and counterparties or us. Enhancements and updates to systems, as well as the requisite training, entail significant costs and create risks associated with implementing new systems and integrating them with existing ones. The use of computing devices and phones is critical to the work done by our employees and the operation of our systems and businesses and those of our clients and our third-party service providers and vendors. Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems and networks and those of our vendors. We must continuously monitor and develop our systems to protect the integrity and functionality of our technology infrastructure and access to and the security of our data. We may face an increasing number of attempted cyber attacks as we expand our mobile- and other internet-based products and services, as well as our usage of mobile and cloud technologies, and as we provide more of these services to a greater number of individual consumers. The increasing migration of our communication from devices we provide to employee-owned devices presents additional risks of cyber attacks. Despite our efforts to ensure the integrity of our systems and information, we may not be able to anticipate, detect or implement effective preventive measures against all cyber threats, especially because the techniques used are increasingly sophisticated, change frequently and are often not recognized until launched. We have developed and pursued new business and strategic initiatives, and expect to continue to do so. If and to the extent we are unable to successfully execute those initiatives, we may incur unanticipated costs and losses, and face other adverse consequences, such as negative reputational effects. In addition, the actual effects of pursuing those initiatives may differ, possibly materially, from the benefits that we expect to realize from them, such as generating additional revenues, achieving expense savings, reducing operational risk exposures or using capital and funding more efficiently. Our businesses are subject to extensive regulation and supervision worldwide, and compliance with these laws and regulations may require us to change our policies, procedures and technology for information security, which could, among other things, make us more vulnerable to cyber attacks and misappropriation, corruption or loss of information or technology.