Our ability to be competitive on delivery times and delivery costs depends on many factors, including the success of our investments in one supply chain, and our failure to successfully manage these factors and offer competitive delivery options could negatively impact the demand for our products and our profit margins. We rely extensively on information technology systems to analyze, process, store, manage and protect transactions and data. Our information technology systems and processes must operate effectively, and we or our service providers must maintain and update them. We are currently making, and expect to continue to make, substantial investments in our information technology systems and infrastructure, which involve replacing existing systems with successor systems; outsourcing certain technology to third-party service providers; making changes to existing systems, including the migration of applications to the cloud; or designing or cost-effectively acquiring new systems with new functionality. Disruptions in our customer-facing technology systems could impair our interconnected retail strategy and give rise to negative customer experiences. We continually seek to enhance all of our online and digital properties to provide an attractive, user-friendly interface for our customers. The implementation of our store, interconnected retail, supply chain and technology initiatives could disrupt our operations in the near term, and these initiatives might not provide the anticipated benefits or might fail. Our investments in our stores may not deliver the relevant shopping experience our customers expect. We have been substantially increasing our investments to create the one home depot experience, including significant investments over several years to build one supply chain. The one supply chain initiative also involves significant real estate projects as we expand our distribution network. If we are unable to effectively manage the volume, nature and cost of these investments, projects and changes, our business operations and financial results could be materially and adversely affected. We may face significant competition in the market for information technology personnel and may not be successful in our hiring efforts. A failure of a key information technology system or process could adversely affect our business. Our systems and the third-party systems with which we interact are subject to damage or interruption from a number of causes, including power outages; computer and telecommunications failures; computer viruses; security breaches or data theft; cyber-attacks; and design or usage errors by our associates, contractors or third-party service providers. Although we seek to maintain our respective systems effectively and to successfully address the risk of compromise of the integrity, security and consistent operations of these systems, such efforts may not be successful. As a result, we or our service providers could experience errors, interruptions, delays or cessations of service in key portions of our information technology infrastructure, which could significantly disrupt our operations or impair data security. We have multiple online communities and knowledge centers that allow us to inform, assist and interact with our customers. The retail industry is continually evolving and expanding, and we must effectively respond to new developments and changing customer preferences with respect to an interconnected experience. Our ability to collect and use customer data is important to effectively meet their expectations, and this ability is subject to external factors, including legislation or regulations governing data privacy and security. We rely on third parties to provide payment processing services, including the processing of credit cards, debit cards, and other forms of electronic payment. If these companies become unable to provide these services to us, or if their systems are compromised, it could potentially disrupt our business. Our information systems, and those of our third-party service providers and vendors, are vulnerable to an increasing threat of continually evolving data protection and cybersecurity risks.