Information technology helps us operate efficiently, interface with customers, maintain financial accuracy and efficiency, and accurately produce our financial statements. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, the loss of customers, business disruptions, or the loss of or damage to intellectual property through security breach. If our data management systems do not effectively collect, store, process, and report relevant data for the operation of our business, whether due to equipment malfunction or constraints, software deficiencies, or human error, our ability to effectively plan, forecast, and execute our business plan and comply with applicable laws and regulations will be impaired, perhaps materially. Disruption of critical information systems or material breaches in the security of our systems could harm our business, customer relations, and financial condition. We require user names and passwords in order to access our information technology systems. We also use encryption and authentication technologies to secure the transmission and storage of data. These security measures may be compromised as a result of security breaches by unauthorized persons, employee error, malfeasance, faulty password management, or other irregularity and result in persons obtaining unauthorized access to our data or accounts. Unauthorized persons may attempt to hack into our products or systems to obtain personal data relating to patients or employees, our confidential or proprietary information, or confidential information we hold on behalf of third parties. If the unauthorized persons successfully hack into or interfere with our connected products or services, they may create issues with product functionality that could pose a risk of loss of data, a risk to patient safety, and a risk of product recall or field activity, which could adversely impact our business and reputation. We have programs in place to detect, contain, and respond to data security incidents, and we make ongoing improvements to our information-sharing products in order to minimize vulnerabilities, in accordance with industry and regulatory standards. However, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to or sabotage systems change frequently and may be difficult to detect, we may not be able to anticipate and prevent these intrusions or mitigate them when and if they occur. We also rely on external vendors to supply and/or support certain aspects of our information technology systems. The systems of these external vendors may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise information security of our own systems, and we are dependent on these third parties to deploy appropriate security programs to protect their systems. We may experience a breach of our systems and may be unable to protect sensitive data. Our business requires us to use and store customer, employee, and business partner personally identifiable information, which may include names, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, contact preferences, tax identification numbers, and payment account information. We are subject to complex and evolving laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection, and other matters relating to information collection. We may be subject to significant consequences, including penalties and fines, for any failure to comply with such laws, regulations, and directives. Compliance with the new data protection rules imposed by GDPR may be onerous and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The enactment of the California Consumer Privacy Act introduces new compliance burdens on many organizations doing business in California who collect personal information about California residents. The shifting commercial compliance environment and the need to build and maintain robust and expandable systems to comply with multiple jurisdictions with different compliance and/or reporting requirements increases the possibility that a healthcare company may be found out of compliance with one or more of the requirements, subjecting us to significant civil monetary penalties.