Our business performance and growth plans could be negatively affected if we are not able to develop and implement improvements in technology or respond effectively to the threat of digital disruption and other technological change. We depend in large part on our technology systems for conducting business, as well as for providing the data and analytics we utilize to manage our business. Our business success is dependent on maintaining the effectiveness of existing technology systems and on continuing to develop and enhance technology systems that support our business processes and strategic initiatives in a cost and resource efficient manner, particularly as our business processes become more digital. We have a number of strategic initiatives involving investments in or partnerships with technology companies as well as investments in technology systems and infrastructure to support our growth strategy. These investments may be costly and require significant capital expenditures, may not be profitable or may be less profitable than what we have experienced historically. Additionally, investments in technology systems may not deliver the benefits or perform as expected, or may be replaced or become obsolete more quickly than expected, which could result in operational difficulties or additional costs. Our information technology systems and safety control systems, and those of our numerous third-party providers, are potentially vulnerable to unauthorized access, damage or interruption from a variety of external threats, including cyberattacks, computer viruses, and other malware. We rely on the efficient, uninterrupted, and secure operation of complex information technology systems and networks to operate our business and securely process, transmit, and store electronic information. The breadth and complexity of the technologies we use and the software and platforms we develop continue to grow, increasing the potential risk of security breaches and cyber-attacks. Our policies, employee training, procedures, and technical safeguards may also be insufficient to prevent or detect improper access to confidential, personal, or proprietary information. We face the ongoing challenge of managing access controls in a complex environment. The latency of a compromise is often measured in months but could be years, and we may not be able to detect a compromise in a timely manner. We could experience significant financial and reputational harm if our information systems are breached, sensitive client or company data are compromised, or if we fail to make adequate or timely disclosures to the public or law enforcement agencies following any such event. Cyberattacks are increasing in frequency and evolving in nature, and we are at risk of attack by a variety of adversaries through increasingly sophisticated methods of attack. Our systems are also subject to compromise from internal threats such as improper action by employees, vendors, and other third parties with otherwise legitimate access to our systems. We are also dependent on third-party vendors to keep their systems patched and secure in order to protect our data. Any failure related to these activities could have a material adverse effect on our business. The integration of the information systems of acquired entities is complex and exposes us to additional risk, including the potential for weaknesses and vulnerabilities in an acquired entity's information systems that could affect the value we are able to derive from the acquisition or make our own systems more vulnerable to a cyberattack. We have experienced data incidents and cybersecurity breaches, which could result in personal, sensitive, confidential, or proprietary information being lost or stolen, or maliciously made public, including client, employee, or company data, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.