The company is increasingly dependent on sophisticated software applications and complex information technology systems and computing infrastructure to conduct critical operations. Certain of these systems are managed, hosted, provided, or used by third parties to assist in conducting the company's business. Disruption, degradation, or manipulation of these IT systems through intentional or accidental means by the company's employees, third parties with authorized access, or unauthorized third parties could adversely affect key business processes. Cyber-attacks against the company's IT systems or third-party providers' IT systems, such as cloud-based systems, could result in exposure of confidential information, the modification of critical data, and/or the failure of critical operations. The company continues to leverage new and innovative technologies across the enterprise to improve the efficacy and efficiency of its business processes; the use of which can create new risks. The company has implemented a variety of measures to further enhance and modernize its systems to guard against similar attacks in the future, and is pursuing an enterprise-wide effort to enhance the company's resiliency against future cyber-attacks, including incidents similar to the 2017 attack. The objective of these efforts is not only to protect against future cyber-attacks, but also to improve the speed of the company's recovery from such attacks and enable continued business operations to the greatest extent possible during any recovery period. The company monitors its data, information technology, and personnel usage of company IT systems to reduce these risks and continues to do so on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats. The company is subject to a number of government laws and regulations and, in the future, could become subject to new government laws and regulations. The costs of compliance with such laws and regulations, or the negative results of non-compliance, could adversely affect the business, cash flow, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects of the company. The company depends on third parties, including suppliers, alliances with other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, and third-party service providers, for key aspects of its business including development, manufacture, and commercialization of its products and support for its IT systems. Failure of these third parties to meet their contractual, regulatory, and other obligations to the company or the development of factors that materially disrupt the relationships between the company and these third parties could have a material adverse effect on the company's business. The company continues to prioritize business development aimed at enhancing its portfolio and strengthening its pipeline by executing several business development transactions. The company is allocating resources to effectively support its commercial opportunities in the near term while making the necessary investments to support long-term growth. The company is committed to ensuring that externally sourced programs remain an important component of its pipeline strategy, with a focus on supplementing its internal research with a licensing and external alliance strategy focused on the entire spectrum of collaborations from early research to late-stage compounds, as well as access to new technologies. The company has a high rate of failure inherent in the research and development process for new drugs, which compounds the risk profile associated with its IT capabilities and operational flexibility.