Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including intense competition across all markets for our products and services, which may lead to lower revenue or operating margins. Competition in the technology sector includes diversified global companies with significant research and development resources and small, specialized firms that may be more effective in deploying technical, marketing, and financial resources. Our ability to remain competitive depends on our success in making innovative products, devices, and services that appeal to businesses and consumers. An important element of our business model has been to create platform-based ecosystems that generate beneficial network effects among users, application developers, and the platform provider, which can accelerate growth. Our strategic vision is to compete and grow by building best-in-class platforms and productivity services for an intelligent cloud and an intelligent edge infused with artificial intelligence. Our success in the Internet of Things will depend on the level of adoption of our offerings such as Microsoft Azure, Azure Stack, Azure IoT Edge, and Azure Sphere. We are devoting significant resources to develop and deploy our cloud-based strategies, and our intelligent cloud and intelligent edge worldview is connected with the growth of the Internet of Things. We face significant competition from firms that provide competing platforms and must successfully enlist developers to write applications for our platform, ensuring that these applications have high quality, security, customer appeal, and value. Our increasing focus on cloud-based services presents execution and competitive risks, and whether we succeed in cloud-based services depends on our execution in several areas, including maintaining the utility, compatibility, and performance of our cloud-based services on a growing array of computing devices. Our investments in products and services may not achieve expected returns, and we continue to make significant investments in research, development, and marketing for existing products, services, and technologies. Developing new technologies is complex and can require long development and testing periods. Cybersecurity threats to our IT infrastructure can take many forms, and we must continuously engineer more secure products and services, enhance security and reliability features, and improve the deployment of software updates to address vulnerabilities. The security of our products and services is critical in our customers' decisions to purchase or use them, and we must ensure our cloud-based services meet the reliability expectations of our customers and maintain the security of their data. Our business policies and internal security controls may not keep pace with changes in technology and emerging threats. We are increasingly incorporating open-source software into our products, which may introduce vulnerabilities that could make our products susceptible to cyberattacks. The development of the Internet of Things presents security, privacy, and execution risks, and if IoT solutions that include our technologies do not work as intended or violate the law, we may be subject to legal claims or enforcement actions. Our ability to use data effectively is becoming central to the value of the services we deliver to customers, and our investments in gaining insights from data may be constrained by regulatory developments. Compliance with applicable laws and regulations regarding personal data may require changes in services, business practices, or internal systems that result in increased costs, lower revenue, or reduced efficiency. Our business depends on our ability to attract and retain talented employees, and changes to immigration policies may inhibit our ability to adequately staff our research and development efforts.