We operate in rapidly changing economic and technological environments that present numerous risks, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. Our success depends upon our ability to develop new products and services, integrate acquired products and services, and enhance our existing products and services. Rapid technological advances, intense competition, changing delivery models, and evolving standards in computer hardware and software development characterize the industries in which we compete. If we are unable to develop new or sufficiently differentiated products and services, enhance and improve our product offerings, or position and price our products and services to meet demand, customers may not purchase or subscribe to our offerings. We have continued to refresh and release new offerings of our cloud products and services, including the launch of the Oracle Autonomous Data Warehouse Cloud Service, which offers automation based on machine learning. Machine learning and artificial intelligence are increasingly driving innovations in technology, but if they fail to operate as anticipated, our business and reputation may be harmed. Our Oracle Cloud strategy, including our Oracle Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) and Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS) offerings, may adversely affect our revenues and profitability. We provide our cloud and other offerings to customers worldwide via deployment models that best suit their needs. As these business models continue to evolve, we may not be able to compete effectively or generate significant revenues. The increasing prevalence of cloud and SaaS delivery models may unfavorably impact the pricing of our cloud and license offerings. We have also acquired a number of cloud computing companies, and the integration of these companies into our Oracle Cloud strategy may not be as efficient or scalable as anticipated. Errors in our cloud, license, and hardware offerings could affect their ability to properly function, integrate, or operate with other offerings, which could adversely affect market acceptance. Our products and services store, retrieve, manipulate, and manage our customers' information and data, and we have invested significantly in protecting the integrity and security of our products and services. We encounter attempts by third parties to exploit vulnerabilities, which could lead to unauthorized access to our systems and data. Our internal IT systems continue to evolve, and we are often early adopters of new technologies; however, our business policies and internal security controls may not keep pace with these changes. Our cloud and license business engages in the sale, marketing, and delivery of our applications and infrastructure technologies through various deployment models, including Oracle Cloud services offerings. Our cloud services revenues are generally recognized over the contractual term, which is typically one to three years. We continue to place significant emphasis on direct sales through our own sales force and also market certain offerings through indirect channels. Our selective and active acquisition program is an important element of our corporate strategy, and we expect to continue to acquire companies, products, services, and technologies. We believe that we can fund our future acquisitions with our internally available cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, cash generated from operations, additional borrowings, or from the issuance of additional securities. Our cloud and license business revenue growth is affected by many factors, including the strength of general economic conditions, governmental budgetary constraints, and the competitive position of our offerings. We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditures, and contractual obligation requirements.