We rely on continued demand for our products and therefore must understand our customers and consumers and sell products that appeal to them in the sales channel in which they prefer to shop or browse for such products. Our ability to anticipate and effectively respond to shifts in consumer trends and preferences, including increased demand for products that meet the needs of consumers who are concerned with health and wellness, convenience, and the location of origin or source of ingredients, is critical. We continue to implement productivity initiatives that we believe will position our business for long-term sustainable growth by allowing us to achieve a lower cost structure, improve decision-making, and operate more efficiently in the highly competitive beverage, food, and snack categories and markets. Our productivity initiatives help support our growth initiatives and contribute to our results of operations. We continue to focus on driving savings through holistic cost management to reinvest to succeed in the marketplace, developing and scaling core capabilities through technology, and building differentiated talent and culture. Our future success and earnings growth depend, in part, on our ability to continue to reduce costs and improve efficiencies, including implementing shared business service organizational models while reinvesting back into the business. We have entered into agreements with third-party service providers to utilize information technology support services and administrative functions in certain areas of our business. We increasingly utilize cloud-based services and systems and networks managed by third-party vendors to process, transmit, and store information and to conduct certain of our business activities and transactions with employees, customers, consumers, and other third parties. Failure by these third-party service providers or vendors to perform effectively, or our failure to adequately monitor their performance, has in the past and could continue to result in our inability to achieve the expected cost savings, additional costs to correct errors made by such service providers, damage to our reputation, or our being subject to litigation, claims, legal or regulatory proceedings, inquiries, or investigations. We depend on information systems and technology for many activities important to our business, including to interface with our customers and consumers; to engage in marketing activities; to enable and improve the effectiveness of our operations; to order and manage materials from suppliers; to manage inventory; to manage and operate our facilities; to conduct research and development, including through the use of data analytics; to maintain accurate financial records; to achieve operational efficiencies; to comply with regulatory, financial reporting, legal, and tax requirements; to collect and store sensitive data and confidential information; and to communicate electronically among our global operations and with our employees and the employees of our customers, suppliers, bottlers, contract manufacturers, distributors, joint venture partners, and other third parties. Cyberattacks and other cyber incidents are occurring more frequently, are constantly evolving in nature, and are becoming more sophisticated. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and maintain our information technology infrastructure, including monitoring networks and systems, upgrading our security policies, and the skills and training of our employees, our business can be disrupted. We have significant investments in technology to enhance our data analytics capabilities to develop new commercial insights. The failure to realize anticipated benefits from our productivity or reinvestment initiatives or operating model can have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.