Our revenues depend on commercial network deployments, expansions, and upgrades of CDMA, OFDMA, and other communications technologies, including 5G; our customers' and licensees' sales of products and services based on these technologies; and customers' demand for our products and services. We depend on operators of wireless networks and our customers and licensees to adopt and implement the latest generation of these technologies for use in their networks, devices, and services. We also depend on our customers and licensees to develop devices and services based on these technologies with value-added features to drive consumer demand for new 3G/4G and 3G/4G/5G multimode devices, as well as 3G, 4G, and 5G single-mode devices. Our industry is subject to competition in an environment of rapid technological changes, and our success depends in part on our ability to adapt to such changes and compete effectively. Competition in wireless communications is affected by various factors, including device manufacturer concentrations, vertical integration, growth in demand, and evolving industry standards and business models. We anticipate that additional competitors will introduce products as a result of growth opportunities in wireless communications, the trend toward global expansion by foreign and domestic competitors, and technological changes. Our future success will depend on our ability to differentiate our integrated circuit products with innovative technologies across multiple products and features and to drive the adoption of our integrated circuit products into the most popular device models. We expect competition to increase as our current competitors expand their product offerings or reduce the prices of their products as part of a strategy to maintain existing business and customers or attract new business and customers. Our growth increasingly depends on our ability to extend our technologies, products, and services into new and expanded product areas, such as RF front-end (RFFE) and adjacent industry segments and applications outside of traditional cellular industries, such as automotive, computing, IoT, and networking. We continue to invest significant resources to develop our wireless baseband chipsets and Snapdragon chipsets, which incorporate advancements in 4G and 5G, connectivity, power management, and artificial intelligence. Our research, development, and other investments in these new and expanded product areas may not generate operating income or contribute to future results of operations that meet our expectations. We believe it is important that we remain a leader in 5G technology development, standardization, intellectual property creation, and licensing to sustain and grow our business long-term. We expect our business to be impacted by increased concentration of device share among a few companies, particularly within the premium tier, resulting in significant supply chain leverage for those companies. Additionally, decisions by companies to utilize their own internally developed integrated circuit products or our competitors' integrated circuit products could negatively impact our revenues. Our business is also subject to various laws, regulations, policies, and standards, and compliance with these laws may create uncertainty regarding compliance and could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and cash flows. We are subject to various governmental investigations and proceedings, and unfavorable resolutions of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.