Our success depends substantially on the value of our brands and failure to preserve their value could have a negative impact on our financial results. We believe we have built an excellent reputation globally for the quality of our products, for delivery of a consistently positive consumer experience and for our global social impact programs. We also rely heavily on information technology in our operations and growth initiatives, and any material failure, inadequacy, interruption or security failure of that technology could harm our ability to effectively operate and grow our business and could adversely affect our financial results. We rely heavily on information technology systems across our operations for numerous purposes including for administrative functions, point-of-sale processing and payment in our stores and online, management of our supply chain, online business, delivery services, mobile technology, including mobile payments and ordering apps, and various other processes and transactions. Many of our information technology systems contain personal, financial or other information that is entrusted to us by our customers and employees. We continue to make significant investments in technology, third-party services and personnel to develop and implement systems and processes that are designed to anticipate cyber-attacks and to prevent or minimize breaches of our information technology systems or data loss. The unauthorized access, use, theft or destruction of customer or employee personal, financial or other data or of proprietary or confidential information that is stored in our information systems could impact our reputation and brand and expose us to potential liability and loss of revenues. Our global business strategy relies significantly on a variety of business partners, including licensee and joint venture relationships, third-party manufacturers, distributors and retailers, particularly for our entire global channel development business. We believe our customers expect the same quality of service regardless of whether they visit a licensed or company-operated store, so we provide training and support to, and monitor the operations of, certain of these licensees and other business partners. However, the product quality and service they deliver may still be diminished by any number of factors beyond our control. Our ability to find qualified suppliers who meet our standards and supply products in a timely and efficient manner is a significant challenge as we increase our fresh and prepared food offerings. We face intense competition in each of our channels and markets, which could lead to reduced profitability. The specialty coffee market is intensely competitive, including with respect to product quality, innovation, service, convenience, and price. Our financial performance is highly dependent on our Americas operating segment, as it comprised approximately 69% of consolidated total net revenues in fiscal 2019. Our future growth increasingly depends on the growth and sustained profitability of certain international markets. We operate in over 80 markets globally and our international operations are also subject to additional inherent risks of conducting business abroad, including changes or uncertainties in economic, legal, regulatory, social and political conditions in our markets. Our financial condition and results of operations are sensitive to, and may be adversely affected by, a number of factors, many of which are largely outside our control. The complexity of the regulatory environment in which we operate and the related cost of compliance are both increasing due to additional or changing legal and regulatory requirements. We have made significant investments in technology to enhance our operational capabilities and to support our strategic initiatives, including the development of digital relationships with our customers to drive incremental traffic and spend.