Our business depends on our information technology systems, which collect and process information of customers, associates and other persons, as well as information of our business and of our suppliers and service providers. We rely heavily on information technology systems, including those of suppliers and service providers, to manage all key aspects of our business, including planning, purchasing, sales, supply chain management, inventory management, point-of-sale processing, e-commerce, human resources, financial management, communications, safeguarding information, and compliance with legal obligations. This reliance requires us to accurately anticipate our current and future information technology needs and successfully develop, implement and maintain appropriate systems. Our ongoing operations and successful growth are dependent on doing so, as well as the ongoing integrity, security and consistent operations of these systems, including related back-up systems. Our information technology systems, as well as those of our suppliers and service providers, are targeted by attempts to access personal or sensitive information, attempts to steal money, and attempts to disrupt business. These attempts could include use of malware, ransomware, phishing, social engineering, denial-of-service attacks, exploitation of system vulnerabilities, employee malfeasance, digital and physical skimmers, account takeovers, and other forms of cyber attacks. These attempts are becoming increasingly sophisticated, heightening the risk of compromise or disruption. Our and our suppliers' and service providers' information technology systems also may be damaged or disrupted, or personal or sensitive information compromised, from a number of other causes, including power outages, system failures, catastrophic events, or employee inadvertence. Such damage, disruption or compromise could materially impair our ability to operate our business or otherwise result in material impacts on our operating results. In addition, the global regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, and unauthorized access of personal or sensitive information could result in regulatory enforcement actions, class actions, contract liability, or other forms of material legal liability. Any successful compromise or disruption of our information technology systems could result in material reputational harm and impact our customers' willingness to shop in our stores or online and/or our suppliers' willingness to do business with us. We maintain policies, procedures, and controls designed to reduce the risk of data security compromises and information technology failures or disruptions. While we have implemented measures designed to further strengthen these policies, procedures and controls since the unauthorized intrusions into our network discovered late in 2006, we may suffer a similar event in the future. These measures also require costly and ongoing investment in technologies, hiring, training, and compliance. There is a risk of material business disruption, liability and reputational damage associated with ongoing actions intended to update, enhance, modify or replace our systems and infrastructure, including from not accurately capturing and maintaining data, efficiently testing and implementing changes, realizing the expected benefit of the change and managing the potential disruption of the actions and diversion of internal teams' attention as the changes are implemented. We face challenges in securing and retaining sufficient talent in management and other key areas for many reasons, including competition for talent in the retail industry and in various geographic markets. If we do not effectively attract qualified individuals, train them in our business model, support their development and retain them in sufficient numbers and at appropriate levels of the organization, our growth could be limited, and our performance could be adversely affected.