Our ability to compete will depend on, among other things, continued absolute and relative improvement in network quality and customer service, effective marketing and selling of products and services, innovation, attractive pricing, and cost management, all of which will involve significant expenses. We expect market saturation to continue to cause the wireless industry's customer growth rate to be moderate in comparison with historical growth rates, or possibly negative, leading to ongoing competition for customers. The ongoing implementation may cause major system or business disruptions, or we may fail to implement the new billing system in its entirety or in a timely or effective manner. We continue implementing a new customer billing system, that involves a new third-party supported platform and utilization of a phased deployment approach. Our business, financial condition, liquidity, or operating results, as well as the price of our common stock and other securities, could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. We face intense and increasing competition from other service providers as industry sectors converge, such as cable, telecom services and content, satellite, and other service providers. We will need to acquire additional spectrum in order to continue our customer growth, expand and deepen our coverage, maintain our quality of service, meet increasing customer demands, and deploy new technologies. Our ability to attract additional customers and to provide additional services and usage to existing customers will depend on our return on investment in spectrum. We are actively seeking to make additional investment in spectrum, which could be significant. Our business involves the receipt, storage, and transmission of our customers' confidential information, including sensitive personal information and payment card information. Unauthorized access to confidential information may be difficult to anticipate, detect, or prevent, particularly given that the methods of unauthorized access constantly change and evolve. We are subject to the threat of unauthorized access or disclosure of confidential information by state-sponsored parties, malicious actors, third parties or employees, errors or breaches by third-party suppliers, or other security incidents that could compromise the confidentiality and integrity of confidential information. We cannot make assurances that all preventive actions taken will adequately repel a significant attack or prevent information security breaches or the misuses of data, unauthorized access by third parties or employees, or exploits against third-party supplier environments. Our financial condition and operating results will be impaired if we experience high fraud rates related to device financing, credit cards, dealers, or subscriptions. We rely on highly skilled personnel throughout all levels of our business. Our business could be harmed if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel, hire qualified personnel or maintain our corporate culture. Our continued ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to retain and motivate our existing employees and to attract new employees. Our ability to execute our business strategies and retain key executives may be adversely affected by the transition to our successor. The combination of two independent businesses is complex, costly and time-consuming and may divert significant management attention and resources to combining our and Sprint's business practices and operations. The failure to meet the challenges involved in combining our and Sprint's businesses and to realize the anticipated benefits of the transactions could cause an interruption of, or a loss of momentum in, the activities of the combined company and could adversely affect the results of operations of the combined company. We expect the merger will be permitted to close in early 2020. The anticipated benefits of the transactions, including the expected synergies and network benefits, may not be realized fully or at all or may take longer to realize than expected.