Our operating results could be adversely affected by breaches, disruptions or other incidents relating to our information technology systems. Breaches, disruptions or other incidents relating to our information technology systems or the systems of our customers, vendors and other third parties could be caused by factors such as computer viruses, system failures, restricted network access, unauthorized access, terrorism, employee malfeasance, or human error. These events could compromise our information technology networks; result in corrupt or lost data or the unauthorized release of our, our customers' or our suppliers' confidential or proprietary information; cause a disruption to our manufacturing and other operations; result in the release of personal data; or cause us to incur costs associated with increased protection, remediation, regulatory inquiries or penalties, or claims for damages, any of which could adversely affect our operating results and our reputation. Cybersecurity or other threats to our information technology systems or the systems of our customers, vendors and other third parties are frequent and constantly evolving, thereby increasing the difficulty of defending against them. Our ability to match inventory and production with the product mix needed to fill orders may affect our ability to meet a quarter's revenue forecast. Additionally, when responding to customers' requests for shorter shipment lead times, we manufacture products based on forecasts of customers' demands. These forecasts are based on multiple assumptions. If we inaccurately forecast customer demand, we may hold inadequate, excess or obsolete inventory that would reduce our profit margins and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Rapid technological change in markets we serve requires us to develop new technologies and products. Rapid technological change in markets we serve could contribute to shortened product life cycles and a decline in average selling prices of our products. Our results of operations depend in part upon our ability to successfully develop, manufacture and market innovative products in a timely manner. We make significant investments in research and development to improve existing technology and products, develop new products to meet changing customer demands, and improve our production processes. Our access to needed goods and services may be adversely affected by potential disputes with suppliers or disruptions in our suppliers' operations as a result of, for example: quality excursions; uncertainty regarding the stability of global credit and financial markets; domestic or international political, social, economic and other conditions; natural events or health epidemics in the locations in which our suppliers operate; or limited or delayed access to key raw materials, natural resources and utilities. Our operations could be affected by the complex laws, rules and regulations to which our business is subject. We are subject to complex laws, rules and regulations affecting our domestic and international operations relating to, for example, data privacy and protection; competition; market access; and the movement of currency. Compliance with these laws, rules and regulations may be onerous and expensive and could restrict our ability to manufacture or ship our products and operate our business. Our ability to successfully implement strategic, business and organizational changes could affect our business plans and results of operations. From time to time, we undertake strategic, business and organizational changes, including acquisitions, divestitures and restructuring actions, to support or carry out our objectives. Our failure to successfully implement these changes could adversely affect our business plans and operating results.