Our business is highly dependent on the integrity and timeliness of the data we use to serve our members, customers, and health care professionals and to operate our business. The volume of health care data generated, and the uses of data, including electronic health records, are rapidly expanding. Our ability to implement new and innovative services, price adequately our products and services, provide effective service to our customers in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion, and report accurately our results of operations depends on the integrity of the data in our information systems. Connectivity among technologies is becoming increasingly important, and recent trends toward greater consumer engagement in health care require new and enhanced technologies, including more sophisticated applications for mobile devices. Our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect, and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving systems and regulatory standards, and changing customer preferences. If we fail to maintain or protect our information systems and data integrity effectively, we could experience failures in our health, wellness, and information technology products; lose existing customers; have difficulty attracting new customers; experience problems in determining medical cost estimates and establishing appropriate pricing; have difficulty preventing, detecting, and controlling fraud; have disputes with customers, physicians, and other health care professionals; become subject to regulatory sanctions or penalties; incur increases in operating expenses or suffer other adverse consequences. We periodically consolidate, integrate, upgrade, and expand our information systems' capabilities as a result of technology initiatives and recently enacted regulations, changes in our system platforms, and integration of new business acquisitions. Our process of consolidating the number of systems we operate, upgrading and expanding our information systems' capabilities, enhancing our systems, and developing new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology may not be successful. Failure to protect, consolidate, and integrate our systems successfully could result in higher than expected costs and diversion of management's time and energy, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. Uncertain and rapidly evolving U.S. federal and state, non-U.S., and international laws and regulations related to health data and the health information technology market may alter the competitive landscape or present compliance challenges and could materially and adversely affect the configuration of our information systems and platforms, and our ability to compete in this market. If we sustain cyber-attacks or other privacy or data security incidents that result in security breaches that disrupt our operations or result in the unintended dissemination of protected personal information or proprietary or confidential information, we could suffer a loss of revenue and increased costs, exposure to significant liability, reputational harm, and other serious negative consequences. We routinely process, store, and transmit large amounts of data in our operations, including protected personal information as well as proprietary or confidential information relating to our business or third parties. We have programs in place that are intended to detect, contain, and respond to data security incidents and that provide employee awareness training regarding phishing, malware, and other cyber risks to protect against cyber risks and security breaches. However, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventive measures.