We rely on information technology in all aspects of our business, including technology systems operated by us or under control of third parties. If we do not have sufficient capital to acquire new technology or if we are unable to develop or implement new technology such as positive train control (PTC) or the latest version of our transportation control systems, we may suffer a competitive disadvantage within the rail industry and with companies providing other modes of transportation service, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. We are continually evaluating attackers' techniques and tactics and we are diligent in our monitoring, training, planning, and prevention. However, breach or circumvention of our systems or the systems of third parties, including by ransomware, other cyber attacks, or human error may result in significant service interruption, safety failure, other operational difficulties, unauthorized access to (or the loss of access to) competitively sensitive, confidential or other critical data or systems; loss of customers; financial losses; regulatory fines; and misuse or corruption of critical data and proprietary information, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. We will continue using and expanding the deployment of total safety culture, courage to care and commit throughout our operations, which allows us to identify and implement best practices for employee and operational safety. In 2020, we will continue to implement unified plan 2020 and G55+0 initiatives to further increase reliability of our service product, reduce variability in network operations, and improve resource utilization. Continued implementation of these initiatives will include utilizing our existing network capacity, longer train length, and fewer car touches resulting in additional terminal consolidation opportunities, improved asset utilization, and fewer car classifications. These additional changes, combined with other G55+0 initiatives, are designed to better align our management structure and decision-making processes to be more agile and responsive to our customers' needs. We expect continued margin improvement driven by pricing opportunities in excess of inflation, ongoing G55+0 productivity initiatives, including unified plan 2020, resulting in at least $500 million of productivity savings, while better leveraging our resources and strengthening our franchise. Our capital plan for 2020 includes an increase in capacity and facility investments intended to improve productivity and operational efficiency. We will continue to balance investment in our network infrastructure and terminal capacity as appropriate, including new capacity investments designed to improve productivity and operational efficiency. Significant investments will be made for locomotive modernization and freight car replacements. We expect to fund our 2020 cash capital plan by using some or all of the following: cash generated from operations, proceeds from the sale or lease of various operating and non-operating properties, proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt, and cash on hand. Our ability to generate cash without additional external financings is critical to our long-term strategic plan. We have formed an operating practices command center to identify causes of mainline service interruptions and develop solutions. In addition, they assist employees with understanding policies, procedures, and best practices for handling trains. We will continue our efforts to utilize data to identify and mitigate risk; detect rail defects; improve or close crossings; and educate the public and law enforcement agencies about crossing safety through a combination of our own programs, industry programs, and local community activities across the network.