Our business relies heavily on information technology networks and systems, including the internet and a number of internally-developed systems and applications, to manage or support a wide variety of important business processes and activities throughout our operations. We utilize information technology to receive package level information in advance of physical receipt of packages, to track items that move through our delivery systems, to efficiently plan deliveries, to execute billing processes, and to track and report financial and operational data. The provision of service to our customers and the operation of our networks and systems involve the collection, storage, and transmission of significant amounts of proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data, including personal information of customers, employees, and others. Our information technology systems are susceptible to damage, disruptions, or shutdowns due to programming errors, defects, or other vulnerabilities, power outages, hardware failures, computer viruses, cyber-attacks, ransomware attacks, malware attacks, theft, misconduct by employees or other insiders, telecommunications failures, misuse, human errors, or other catastrophic events. We depend on and interact with the information technology networks and systems of third parties for many aspects of our business operations, including our customers, franchisees, and service providers such as cloud service providers and third-party delivery services. These third parties may have access to information we maintain about our company, operations, customers, employees, and vendors, or operating systems that are critical to or can significantly impact our business operations. The techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently, may be difficult to detect, and often are not recognized until launched against a target. We have invested and continue to invest in technology security initiatives, information technology risk management, and disaster recovery plans. The cost and operational consequences of implementing, maintaining, and enhancing further data or system protection measures could increase significantly to overcome increasingly intense, complex, and sophisticated global cyber threats. Despite our best efforts, we are not fully insulated from data breaches and system disruptions. We cannot provide any assurances that such events and impacts will not be material in the future, and our efforts to deter, identify, mitigate, and/or eliminate future breaches may require significant additional effort and expense and may not be successful. Our business is subject to complex and stringent laws, regulations, and policies regarding privacy, data protection, and data security, both in the U.S. and in other countries in which we operate. The scope of the laws that may be applicable to us is often uncertain and may be conflicting, particularly with respect to foreign laws. Compliance with evolving compliance and operational requirements imposes significant costs that are likely to increase over time. We rely on information technology to enhance our operational efficiency and to support our strategic resource allocation, thereby contributing to our competitive positioning and overall firm performance. The ongoing investment in technology-enabled solutions and capitalized software projects is critical to our ability to adapt to market dynamics and consumer demands, thus reinforcing our operational flexibility and market agility.