As a global payments technology company, we are subject to complex and evolving regulations that govern our operations, which could limit our ability to enforce our payments system rules and require us to adopt new rules or change existing rules. The evolving regulatory focus on the payments industry could negatively impact our ability to use our intellectual property to differentiate our products and services and could harm our competitive positioning. Innovations in payment technology have enabled us to expand into new products and services, but they have also expanded the potential scope of regulatory influence. New products and capabilities, including tokenization and non-card based payment flows, could bring increased licensing or authorization requirements. We face intense competition in our industry, with emerging payment providers and technology companies developing payments systems enabled through online activity in ecommerce and mobile channels. Our products compete with cash, checks, and alternative payment providers, and we may need to adjust our pricing or offer incentives to our clients to increase payments volume and adapt to regulatory changes. The competitive landscape is quickly evolving, and we may not be able to foresee or respond sufficiently to emerging risks associated with new businesses, products, services, and practices. Our financial institution clients and merchants can reassess their commitments to us at any time or develop their own competitive services, which could harm our business. We depend significantly on relationships with our financial institution clients and on their relationships with account holders and merchants to support our programs and services, and thereby compete effectively in the marketplace. Our advanced transaction processing network enables authorization, clearing, and settlement of payment transactions, allowing us to provide our financial institution and merchant clients a wide range of products, platforms, and value-added services. We invest in technology assets and payments system infrastructure to support our digital solutions and core business initiatives. Our capital expenditures increased during fiscal 2019 due to investments in technology, infrastructure, and growth initiatives. We may not achieve the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions or strategic investments, which may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including disruption to our ongoing business and challenges of integrating new technologies. We are also subject to central bank oversight in some markets, which could result in new governance, reporting, licensing, cybersecurity, processing infrastructure, capital, or credit risk management requirements. Our cybersecurity and processing systems have experienced errors, interruptions, delays, or damage from various causes, including cyber-attacks, which could harm our business. The global payments industry is undergoing significant and rapid technological change, and we expect new services and technologies to continue to emerge and evolve. If we or our partners fail to adapt and keep pace with new technologies in the payments space in a timely manner, it could harm our ability to compete and impact our future growth. Our business relies on the processing of data in many jurisdictions and the movement of data across national borders, and legal requirements relating to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer, and security of personal data continue to evolve, increasing regulatory scrutiny.