We maintain and rely extensively on information technology systems and network infrastructures for the effective operation of our business. The size and complexity of our information technology and information security systems makes such systems potentially vulnerable to service interruptions and to security breaches. A disruption, infiltration or failure of our information technology systems or any of our data centers as a result of software or hardware malfunctions, computer viruses, cyber-attacks, employee theft or misuse, power disruptions, natural disasters, floods or accidents could cause breaches of data security and loss of critical data, which in turn could materially adversely affect our business and subject us to both private and governmental causes of action. While we have implemented security measures in an attempt to minimize these risks to our data and information technology systems and have adopted a business continuity plan to deal with a disruption to our information technology systems, cyber-attacks are increasing in their frequency, sophistication and intensity, and have become increasingly difficult to detect. There can be no assurance that our efforts to protect our data and information systems will prevent breakdowns or breaches in our systems that could adversely affect our business. Our liability insurance may not be sufficient in type or amount to cover us against claims related to security breaches, cyber-attacks or other related liabilities. We invest significant resources in research and development activities, which are subject to considerable risks. Our research and development expenses include internal and external costs incurred for research and development of our drugs and drug candidates and expenses related to certain technology that we acquire or license through business development transactions. We closely monitor the results of our discovery, research, clinical trials and nonclinical studies and frequently evaluate our drug development programs in light of new data and scientific, business and commercial insights, with the objective of balancing risk and potential. Our ability to execute on our long-term strategy depends in part on our ability to engage in transactions and collaborations with other entities that add to our pipeline or provide us with new commercial opportunities. We seek to license or acquire drugs, drug candidates and other technologies that have the potential to complement our ongoing research and development efforts, access emerging technologies and license or acquire pipeline assets with a focus on early-stage assets. We enter into arrangements with third parties, including collaboration and licensing arrangements, for the development, manufacture and commercialization of drugs, drug candidates and other technologies that have the potential to complement our ongoing research and development efforts. Our success in rapidly developing and commercializing our medicines may increase the resources that our competitors allocate to the development of potential competitive treatments. We rely on a worldwide network of third-party manufacturers to manufacture our drugs for commercial use and our drug candidates for clinical trials. Our supply chain for sourcing raw materials and manufacturing drug product ready for distribution is a multi-step international endeavor. We also rely on third parties to conduct pre-clinical work, clinical trials and other activities, and those third parties may not perform satisfactorily, including failing to meet established deadlines for the completion of such studies and/or trials or failing to satisfy regulatory requirements. Our ability to enroll patients in our clinical trials in sufficient numbers and on a timely basis is subject to a number of factors, including the size of the patient population, the nature of the protocol, and the availability of effective treatments for the relevant disease.