item 1a: risk factors our businesses currently face a wide range of competition, and our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not compete effectively.
all of our businesses operate in intensely competitive, consumer-driven and rapidly changing environments and compete with a growing number of companies that provide a broad range of communications products and services and entertainment, news and information content to consumers. online video distribution platforms are further intensifying and complicating the competitive landscape and influencing consumer behavior, which is discussed in the risk factor immediately below under the heading "changes in consumer behavior driven by online video distribution platforms for viewing content could adversely affect our businesses and challenge existing business models."
comcast 2018 annual report on form 10-k   21
competition for cable communications' cable services consists primarily of phone companies with fiber-based networks and dbs providers that typically offer features, pricing and packaging for services comparable to ours. some of these competitors are also offering smaller packages of channels at price points lower than our standard packages, both through traditional and online video distribution platforms, which could cause us to offer more customized programming packages that may be less profitable. consolidation between phone companies (which are also wireless distributors) and content providers in the united states provides competitors with the ability to offer free or lower cost streaming services for viewing their content, potentially on an exclusive basis, through unlimited data-usage plans for their internet or wireless phone services. additional companies, some with significant financial resources, continue to enter or are seeking to enter the video distribution market, either by offering ott streaming services or selling devices that aggregate viewing of various ott services.
sky faces competition in video, high-speed internet and voice services from cable and/or telecommunications providers in each of its european markets. more providers in europe now offer customers bundles of services, which has increased competition. the intensity of this competition has increased in recent years, including as a result of ott streaming services.
cable communications' and sky's high-speed internet services compete primarily against phone companies with fiber-based networks offering speeds and pricing comparable to ours. wireless internet services, such as 4g and 5g wireless broadband services, satellite-delivered internet services and wi-fi networks, and devices such as smartphones, tablets, wireless data cards, and mobile wireless routers that connect to such devices, also may compete with our high-speed internet services, particularly as wireless technology evolves. some municipalities in the united states own and operate their own broadband networks, and additional municipalities may do so as well. cable communications' and sky's wireline voice services are facing increased competition as customers replace wireline phones with wireless and internet-based phone services.
we continue to seek ways to enhance the value of cable communications' cable services network, such as by growing high-speed internet services and business services and by launching additional services, such as our security and automation services. sky also is seeking ways to enhance the value of its services. there can be no assurance that we can execute on these and other initiatives in a manner sufficient to grow or maintain our cable communications or sky segment revenue, maintain cable communications or sky segment operating margins or to compete successfully in the future.
each of nbcuniversal's businesses and sky also face substantial and increasing competition from providers of similar types of content, as well as from other forms of entertainment and recreational activities. nbcuniversal and sky must compete to obtain talent, content and other resources required in operating these businesses.
the ability of all of our businesses to compete effectively depends on our perceived image and reputation among our various constituencies, including our customers, consumers, advertisers, investors and government authorities. our ability to compete will be negatively affected if we do not provide our customers with a satisfactory customer experience.
there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete effectively against existing or newer competitors or that competition will not have an adverse effect on our businesses. for a more detailed description of the competition facing our businesses, see item 1: business and refer to the "competition" discussion within that section.
changes in consumer behavior driven by online video distribution platforms for viewing content could adversely affect our businesses and challenge existing business models.
distribution platforms for viewing and purchasing content over the internet have been, and will likely continue to be, developed that further increase the number of competitors that all our businesses face and challenge existing business models. these distribution platforms are driving changes in consumer behavior as consumers seek more control over when, where and how they consume content and access communications services, and how much they pay for such content.
consumers are increasingly turning to online sources for viewing and purchasing content, which has and likely will continue to reduce the number of cable communications' video customers and subscribers to nbcuniversal's cable networks even as it makes cable communications' high-speed internet services more important to consumers. while these changes are primarily affecting our u.s. businesses today, there can be no assurance that they will not also affect sky's businesses to a similar extent in the future, even with sky offering a standalone ott video streaming service. although we have attempted to adapt our video service offerings to changing consumer behaviors, for example, by deploying the x1 platform and adding apps such as netflix and amazon prime video on set-top boxes, virtual multichannel video providers, online video distributors and programming networks providing their content directly to consumers over the internet rather than through traditional video distribution services continue to emerge, gain consumer acceptance and disrupt traditional video distribution services. many of these service offerings charge no fee or a lower fee than traditional video packages for access to their content, which could have an adverse effect on demand for cable communications' and sky's video services, including for expanded video packages, premium networks, and dvr and on demand services.
22      comcast 2018 annual report on form 10-k an increasing number of companies offering ott streaming services, including some with exclusive high-quality original video programming, as well as programming networks offering content directly to consumers over the internet, have increased the number of entertainment choices available to consumers, which has intensified audience fragmentation. the increase in entertainment choices adversely affects the audience ratings of nbcuniversal's cable networks and broadcast television programming and sky's owned television channels. time-shifting technologies, such as video on demand services and dvr and cloud-based recording services, also reduce the viewing of content through traditional and virtual multichannel video providers, which has caused and likely will continue to cause audience ratings declines for nbcuniversal's cable networks and broadcast television programming and sky's owned television channels, and may adversely affect the price and amount of advertising that advertisers are willing to purchase from us and the amount nbcuniversal and sky receive for distribution of their content.
the success of any of these ongoing or future developments or our failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to emerging competitors or changes in consumer behavior, including among younger consumers, could have an adverse effect on our competitive position, businesses and results of operations.
a decline in advertisers' expenditures or changes in advertising markets could negatively impact our businesses.
our cable communications, cable networks, broadcast television, and sky businesses compete for the sale of advertising time with other television networks and stations, as well as with all other advertising platforms, such as digital media, radio and print. we derive substantial revenue from the sale of advertising, and a decline in expenditures by advertisers, including through traditional linear television distribution models, could negatively impact our results of operations. declines can be caused by the economic prospects of specific advertisers or industries, increased competition for the leisure time of viewers, such as from social media and video games, and audience fragmentation, increased viewing of ad-free content through online video distribution platforms, regulatory intervention regarding where advertising may be placed, or the economy in general. in addition, advertisers' willingness to purchase advertising from us may be adversely affected by lower audience ratings, which many of nbcuniversal's networks and sky's television channels have experienced and likely will continue to experience. advertising sales and rates also are dependent on the methodology used for audience measurement and could be negatively affected if methodologies do not accurately reflect actual viewership levels. for example, certain methods of viewing content, such as viewing content through many online video distribution platforms or delayed viewing on dvrs, might not be counted in audience measurements or may generate less, if any, revenue than traditional linear television distribution methods, which could have an adverse effect on our advertising revenue.
our businesses depend on keeping pace with technological developments.
our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt and leverage new and existing technologies, and our competitors' use of certain types of technology and equipment may provide them with a competitive advantage. for example, current and new wireless internet technologies such as 4g and 5g wireless broadband services continue to evolve rapidly to allow for greater speed and reliability, and some companies and municipalities are building advanced fiber-based networks that provide very fast internet access speeds. we expect other advances in communications technology to occur in the future. if we choose technology or equipment that is not as effective or attractive to consumers as that employed by our competitors, if we fail to employ technologies desired by consumers before our competitors do so, or if we fail to execute effectively on our technology initiatives, our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected. we also will continue to incur additional costs as we execute our technology initiatives, such as the u.s. deployment of docsis 3.1 and docsis fdx, our x1 and sky q set-top boxes, cloud dvr and wireless gateways. there can be no assurance that we can execute on these and other initiatives in a manner sufficient to grow or maintain our revenue or to compete successfully in the future. we also may generate less revenue or incur increased costs if changes in our competitors' product offerings require that we offer certain of our existing services or enhancements at a lower or no cost to our customers or that we increase our research and development expenditures.
we are subject to regulation by federal, state, local and foreign authorities, which impose additional costs and restrictions on our businesses.
in the united states, federal, state and local governments extensively regulate the high-speed internet, video and voice services industries. our broadcast television business is also highly regulated by u.s. laws and regulations. nbcuniversal's cable networks, filmed entertainment and theme parks businesses are also subject to various other laws and regulations at the international, federal, state and local levels. sky's business is subject to various telecommunications and media-specific regulations in most of the countries where it operates. the fcc and certain state attorneys general and foreign governmental authorities also have been active in conducting inquiries and reviews regarding our services, and this trend likely will continue. failure to comply with the laws and regulations applicable to our businesses could result in administrative enforcement actions, fines, and civil and criminal liability.
legislators and regulators at all levels of government, including foreign authorities, frequently consider changing, and sometimes do change, existing statutes, rules or regulations, or interpretations of existing statues, rules or regulations, or prescribe new ones, any of which may significantly affect our businesses. these legislators and regulators have been active in considering rulemakings and legislation regarding our services. for example, some states have passed or introduced legislation or executive orders that comcast 2018 annual report on form 10-k   23
impose various open internet and data privacy requirements. such attempts by the states to regulate portions of our businesses have the potential to create a patchwork of differing and/or conflicting state regulations. these requirements and any future legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative actions may increase our costs or impose additional restrictions on our businesses, some of which may be significant. the u.s. congress may consider proposals to address communications issues, including whether it should rewrite the entire communications act to account for changes in the communications marketplace, whether it should enact new, permanent open internet requirements and whether it should fund new broadband infrastructure. we are unable to predict the outcome or effects of any of these potential actions or any other legislative or regulatory proposals on our businesses. any changes to the legal and regulatory framework applicable to any of our services or businesses could have an adverse impact on our businesses and results of operations. for a more extensive discussion of the significant risks associated with the regulation of our businesses, see item 1: business and refer to the "legislation and regulation" discussion within that section.
programming expenses for our video services are increasing, which could adversely affect cable communications' and sky's video businesses.
we expect programming expenses for our video services to continue to be the largest single expense item for our cable communications and sky segments and to increase for the foreseeable future. our programming expenses may also increase as we add programming to our video services or distribute existing programming to more of our customers or through additional delivery platforms, such as on demand or streaming services. additionally, cable communications pays certain local broadcast television stations in exchange for their required consent for the retransmission of broadcast network programming to video services customers; we expect to continue to be subject to increasing demands for payment and other concessions from local broadcast television stations. these market factors may be exacerbated by increased consolidation in the media industry, which may further increase our programming expenses. if we are unable to raise our customers' rates or offset programming cost increases through the sale of additional services or cost management initiatives, the increasing cost of programming could have an adverse effect on our cable communications and sky segments' results of operations.
moreover, as our contracts with content providers expire, there can be no assurance that they will be renewed on acceptable terms, if renewed at all, in which case we may be unable to provide such content as part of cable communications' or sky's video services, and our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected.
nbcuniversal's and sky's success depends on consumer acceptance of their content, and their businesses may be adversely affected if their content fails to achieve sufficient consumer acceptance or the costs to create or acquire content increase.
most of nbcuniversal's, as well as sky's, businesses create and acquire media and entertainment content, the success of which depends substantially on consumer tastes and preferences that change in often unpredictable ways. the success of these businesses depends on our ability to consistently create, acquire, market and distribute nbcuniversal's cable network and broadcast television programming, sky's owned television channels, filmed entertainment, theme park attractions and other content that meet the changing preferences of the broad domestic and international consumer markets. we have invested, and will continue to invest, substantial amounts in our content, including in the production of original content on nbcuniversal's cable networks and broadcast television networks and sky's owned television channels, in our films and for theme park attractions, before learning the extent to which it will earn consumer acceptance.
nbcuniversal and sky also obtain a significant portion of their content from third parties, such as movie studios, television production companies, sports organizations and other suppliers, including in the case of sky, sometimes on an exclusive basis. competition for popular content, particularly for sports programming, is intense, and we may have to increase the price we are willing to pay or be outbid by our competitors for popular content. entering into or renewing contracts for such programming rights or acquiring additional rights may result in significantly increased costs. particularly with respect to long-term contracts for sports programming rights for nbcuniversal and sky, our results of operations and cash flows over the term of a contract depend on a number of factors, including the strength of the advertising market, audience size, the ability to secure distribution from and impose surcharges or obtain carriage on multichannel video providers for nbcuniversal's content, and the timing and amount of rights payments. there can be no assurance that revenue from these contracts will exceed our costs for the rights, as well as the other costs of producing and distributing the programming. if our content does not achieve sufficient consumer acceptance, or if we cannot obtain or retain rights to popular content on acceptable terms, or at all, nbcuniversal's and sky's businesses may be adversely affected.
24      comcast 2018 annual report on form 10-k the loss of nbcuniversal's programming distribution agreements, or the renewal of these agreements on less favorable terms, could adversely affect our businesses.
nbcuniversal's cable networks depend on their ability to secure and maintain distribution agreements with traditional and virtual multichannel video providers. increasingly, nbcuniversal's cable networks, broadcast television and filmed entertainment businesses are entering into agreements to license their prior season and library content on other distribution platforms, including subscription video on demand services. if nbcuniversal's programming does not attract sufficient viewers, traditional and virtual multichannel video providers may decide not to distribute nbcuniversal's broadcast and cable networks, and ott video streaming services may not license programming we create. in addition, the number of subscribers to nbcuniversal's cable networks has been, and may continue to be reduced, as a result of multichannel video providers offering smaller packages of channels as part of their virtual or traditional television programming packages and by overall reduced viewing of television programming through multichannel video providers.
nbcuniversal's broadcast television networks depend on their ability to secure and maintain network affiliation agreements with third-party local broadcast television stations in the markets where it does not own the affiliated local broadcast television station. in addition, every three years, each of its owned local broadcast television stations must elect, with respect to its retransmission by multichannel video providers within its dma, either "must-carry" status, in which the distributor's carriage of the station is mandatory and does not generate any compensation for the local station, or "retransmission consent," in which the station gives up its right to mandatory carriage and instead seeks to negotiate the terms and conditions of carriage with the distributor, including the amount of compensation, if any, paid to the station by such distributor. for the current three-year period, which commenced on january 1, 2018, all of our owned nbc broadcast television stations and our owned telemundo broadcast television stations elected retransmission consent. however, certain illegal online entities may stream our broadcast television content online without our consent and without paying any compensation to us.
there can be no assurance that any of our distribution agreements will be renewed in the future on acceptable terms, or at all. the loss of any of these agreements, or the renewal of these agreements on less favorable terms, could reduce nbcuniversal's revenues and the reach of our television programming and its attractiveness to advertisers, which in turn could adversely affect nbcuniversal's cable networks, broadcast television and filmed entertainment businesses.
less favorable regulation, the loss of sky's transmission agreements with satellite or telecommunications providers or the renewal of these agreements on less favorable terms, could adversely affect sky's businesses.
sky relies on various telecommunications providers to deliver its video, high-speed internet, voice and wireless phone services to its customers. for example, sky relies on satellites leased from third parties to provide most of its video services. in addition, pursuant to the current regulatory regime in the u.k. and italy, sky is able to access networks owned by third-party telecommunication providers to provide its high-speed internet and phone services, in most cases, on regulated terms, including price. these regulated terms could become less favorable. moreover, while sky is able to receive wholesale fiber access on fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory terms, pricing terms are not regulated. if sky is unable to enter into or renew its transmission agreements with satellite or telecommunications operators on commercially reasonable terms or if these operators were to terminate their agreements, sky may be unable to deliver some of its services to customers in one or more of the countries in which it operates.
the loss of sky's wholesale distribution agreements with traditional multichannel video providers could adversely affect sky's businesses.
sky benefits from its ability to secure and maintain wholesale distribution agreements for its television channels with traditional multichannel video providers. there can be no assurance that any of its distribution agreements will be renewed in the future on acceptable terms, or at all. the loss of any of these agreements, or the renewal of these agreements on less favorable terms, could reduce sky's revenues and the reach of its television programming and its attractiveness to advertisers, which in turn could adversely affect sky's businesses.
comcast 2018 annual report on form 10-k   25
we rely on network and information systems and other technologies, as well as key properties, and a disruption, cyber attack, failure or destruction of such networks, systems, technologies or properties may disrupt our businesses.
network and information systems and other technologies, including those related to our network management, customer service operations, and programming delivery, and technology embedded in our products and services, are critical to our business activities. cyber threats and attacks are directed at both known and newly discovered software and hardware vulnerabilities and are constantly evolving, which increases the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them. cyber threats and attacks can have cascading impacts that unfold with increasing speed across networks, information systems and other technologies. network, information systems and technology-related events, including those caused by us, such as process breakdowns, security architecture or design vulnerabilities, or by third parties, such as computer hackings, cyber attacks, computer viruses, worms or other destructive or disruptive software, denial of service attacks, malicious social engineering or other malicious activities, or power outages, natural disasters, infectious disease outbreaks, terrorist attacks or other similar events, could result in a degradation or disruption of our products and services, excessive call volume to call centers, theft or misuse of our intellectual property or other assets, a reduction in demand for our theme parks, disruption of the security of our internal systems and products and services or satellite transmission signals, the compromise of confidential or technical business information or damage to our equipment, data, properties and reputation. in addition, severe weather events such as hurricanes and wild fires have impacted our services, products and properties from time to time in the past and will in the future. the occurrence of these events may result in large expenditures to repair or replace the damaged properties, products, services, networks or information systems to protect them from similar events in the future, and any such events could lead to litigation or otherwise have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
in addition, we obtain certain confidential, proprietary and personal information about our customers, personnel and vendors, and may in some cases provide this information to third parties, in connection with our business. while we generally obtain assurances that these third parties will protect this information, there is a risk that this information may be compromised. any security breaches, such as misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification or accidental release or loss of information maintained in our third-party's information technology systems, including customer, personnel and vendor data, could damage our reputation and require us to expend significant capital and other resources to remedy any such security breach, could lead to litigation or could cause regulators to impose fines or other remedies for failure to comply with relevant customer privacy rules.
the risk of systems-related events and security breaches occurring continues to intensify in many of our businesses, and our businesses may be at a disproportionately heightened risk of these events occurring, due to the nature of our businesses and because we maintain certain information necessary to conduct our business in digital form. in the ordinary course of our business, there are frequent attempts to cause such systems-related events and security breaches. we have experienced minor systems-related events that, to date, have not resulted in any significant degradation or disruption to our network or information systems or our products, services or operations. while we develop and maintain systems, and operate an extensive security program, seeking to prevent systems-related events and security breaches from occurring, the development, maintenance and operation of these systems and programs is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated and evolve rapidly. despite our efforts to prevent these events and security breaches, there can be no assurance that they will not occur in the future or will not have an adverse effect on our businesses. moreover, the amount and scope of insurance we maintain against losses resulting from any such events or security breaches likely would not be sufficient to cover our losses or otherwise adequately compensate us for any disruptions to our business that may result, and the occurrence of any such events or security breaches could have an adverse effect on our business.
our businesses depend on using and protecting certain intellectual property rights and on not infringing the intellectual property rights of others.
we rely on our intellectual property, such as patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, as well as licenses and other agreements with our vendors and other third parties, to use various technologies, conduct our operations and sell our products and services. legal challenges to our intellectual property rights and claims of intellectual property infringement by third parties could require that we enter into royalty or licensing agreements on unfavorable terms, incur substantial monetary liability, or be enjoined preliminarily or permanently from further use of the intellectual property in question, from importing into the united states or other jurisdictions in which we operate hardware that uses such intellectual property or from the continuation of our businesses as currently conducted. we may need to change our business practices if any of these events occur, which may limit our ability to compete effectively and could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. even if we believe any such challenges or claims are without merit, they can be time-consuming and costly to defend and divert management's attention and resources away from our businesses. moreover, if we are unable to obtain or continue to obtain licenses from our vendors and other third parties on reasonable terms, our businesses could be adversely affected.
in addition, intellectual property constitutes a significant part of the value of nbcuniversal's and sky's businesses, and their success is highly dependent on protecting the intellectual property rights of the content they create or acquire against third-party misappropriation, reproduction or infringement. the unauthorized reproduction, distribution or display of copyrighted material
26      comcast 2018 annual report on form 10-k negatively affects our ability to generate revenue from the legitimate sale of our content, as well as from the sale of advertising in connection with our content, and increases our costs due to our active enforcement of our intellectual property rights.
piracy and other unauthorized uses of content are made easier, and the enforcement of intellectual property rights more challenging, by technological advances that allow the conversion of programming, films and other content into digital formats, which facilitates the creation, transmission and sharing of high-quality unauthorized copies. in particular, piracy of programming and films through unauthorized distribution on dvds, peer-to-peer computer networks and other platforms continues to present challenges for nbcuniversal's cable networks, broadcast television and filmed entertainment businesses. it also presents similar challenges for sky's businesses, including as a result of illegal retransmission of sports events. while piracy is a challenge in the united states, it is particularly prevalent in many parts of the world that lack developed copyright laws, effective enforcement of copyright laws and technical protective measures like those in effect in the united states. if any u.s. or international laws intended to combat piracy and protect intellectual property rights are repealed or weakened or are not adequately enforced, or if the legal system fails to adapt to new technologies that facilitate piracy, we may be unable to effectively protect our rights, the value of our intellectual property may be negatively impacted and our costs of enforcing our rights may increase.
we may be unable to obtain necessary hardware, software and operational support.
we depend on third-party vendors to supply us with a significant amount of the hardware, software and operational support necessary to provide certain of our products and services. some of these vendors represent our primary source of supply or grant us the right to incorporate their intellectual property into some of our hardware and software products. while we actively monitor the operations and financial condition of key vendors in an attempt to detect any potential difficulties, there can be no assurance that we would timely identify any operating or financial difficulties associated with these vendors or that we could effectively mitigate our risks with respect to any such difficulties. if any of these vendors experience operating or financial difficulties, if our demand exceeds their capacity or if they are otherwise unable to meet our specifications or provide the equipment, products or services we need in a timely manner (or at all), or at reasonable prices, our ability to provide some products or services may be adversely affected and we may incur additional costs.
weak economic conditions may have a negative impact on our businesses.
a substantial portion of our revenue comes from customers whose spending patterns may be affected by prevailing economic conditions. weak economic conditions in the united states or globally could adversely affect demand for any of our products and services and have a negative impact on our results of operations. for example, customers may reduce the level of cable services to which they subscribe, or may discontinue subscribing to one or more of cable communications' cable services or sky's services. this risk may be increased by the expanded availability of free or lower cost competitive services, such as ott video services, or substitute services for high-speed internet and voice services, such as mobile phones and wi-fi networks. weak economic conditions also may have a negative impact on our advertising revenue, the performance of our films and home entertainment releases, and attendance and spending in our theme parks.
weak economic conditions and disruption in the global financial markets may also have an impact on the ability of third parties to satisfy their obligations to us or increase our exposure to currency fluctuations in countries where we operate. in addition, in connection with our acquisition of sky, we incurred and assumed a significant amount of additional debt. if our businesses are negatively impacted by weak economic conditions, we may not be able to reduce the amount of our debt outstanding as quickly as expected. further, a significant increase in interest rates or disruption in the global financial markets may affect our ability to obtain financing or to refinance existing debt on acceptable terms, if at all, and could increase the cost of our borrowings.
acquisitions and other strategic initiatives present many risks, and we may not realize the financial and strategic goals that we had contemplated.
from time to time, we make acquisitions and investments and may pursue other strategic initiatives, including our 2018 acquisition of sky and 2017 launch of a wireless phone service using virtual network operator rights. in connection with such acquisitions and strategic initiatives, we may incur unanticipated expenses, fail to realize anticipated benefits and synergies, have difficulty incorporating an acquired or new line of business, disrupt relationships with current and new employees, customers and vendors, incur significant debt, or have to delay or not proceed with announced transactions or initiatives. additionally, federal regulatory agencies such as the fcc or doj or international regulators may impose restrictions on the operation of our businesses as a result of our seeking regulatory approvals for any significant acquisitions and strategic initiatives, or may dissuade us from pursing certain transactions. the occurrence of any of these events could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
unfavorable litigation or governmental investigation results could require us to pay significant amounts or lead to onerous operating procedures.
we are subject from time to time to a number of lawsuits both in the united states and in foreign countries, including claims relating to competition, intellectual property rights (including patents), employment and labor matters, personal injury and property comcast 2018 annual report on form 10-k   27
damage, customer privacy, regulatory requirements, advertising, marketing and selling practices, and credit and collection issues. we also spend substantial resources complying with various regulatory and government standards, including any related investigations and litigation. we may incur significant expenses defending any such suit or government charge and may be required to pay amounts or otherwise change our operations in ways that could adversely impact our businesses, results of operations or financial condition.
labor disputes, whether involving employees or sports organizations, may disrupt our operations and adversely affect our businesses.
many of nbcuniversal's employees, including writers, directors, actors, technical and production personnel and others, as well as some of our on-air and creative talent employees, are covered by collective bargaining agreements or works councils. most of nbcuniversal's collective bargaining agreements are industry-wide agreements, and we may lack practical control over the negotiations and terms of the agreements. if we are unable to reach agreement with a labor union before the expiration of a collective bargaining agreement, our employees who were covered by that agreement may have a right to strike or take other actions that could adversely affect us, which could disrupt our operations and reduce our revenue, and the resolution of any disputes may increase our costs. there can be no assurance that we will renew our collective bargaining agreements as they expire or that we can renew them on favorable terms or without any work stoppages.
in addition, our cable networks and broadcast television networks have programming rights agreements of varying scope and duration with various sports organizations to broadcast and produce sporting events, including certain nfl, nhl, nba and mlb games. labor disputes in these and other sports organizations could have an adverse effect on our businesses.
the loss of key management personnel or popular on-air and creative talent could have an adverse effect on our businesses.
we rely on certain key management personnel in the operation of our businesses. while we maintain long-term and emergency transition plans for key management personnel and believe we could either identify internal candidates or attract outside candidates to fill any vacancy created by the loss of any key management personnel, the loss of one or more of our key management personnel could have a negative impact on our businesses.
in addition, our cable networks, broadcast television, filmed entertainment and sky businesses depend on the abilities and expertise of on-air and creative talent. if we fail to attract or retain on-air or creative talent, if the costs to attract or retain such talent increase materially, if we need to make significant termination payments, or if these individuals lose their current appeal, our businesses could be adversely affected.
we face risks relating to doing business internationally that could adversely affect our businesses.
we, primarily through sky and nbcuniversal, operate our businesses worldwide. there are risks inherent in doing business internationally, including global financial market turmoil; economic volatility and global economic slowdown; currency exchange rate fluctuations and inflationary pressures; the requirements of local laws and customs relating to the publication and distribution of content and the display and sale of advertising; import or export restrictions and changes in trade regulations; difficulties in developing, staffing and managing foreign operations; issues related to occupational safety and adherence to diverse local labor laws and regulations; and potentially adverse tax developments. sky's businesses in particular are also subject to risks relating to uncertainties and effects of the implementation of the united kingdom's referendum to withdraw membership from the eu (referred to as "brexit"), including financial, legal, tax and trade implications. in addition, doing business internationally subjects us to risks relating to political or social unrest, as well as corruption and government regulation, including u.s. laws such as the foreign corrupt practices act and the u.k. bribery act, that impose stringent requirements on how we conduct our foreign operations. if any of these events occur, our businesses may be adversely affected.
28      comcast 2018 annual report on form 10-k our class b common stock has substantial voting rights and separate approval rights over several potentially material transactions, and our chairman and ceo has considerable influence over our company through his beneficial ownership of our class b common stock.
our class b common stock has a non-dilutable 33 1/3% of the combined voting power of our class a and class b common stock. this non-dilutable voting power is subject to proportional decrease to the extent the number of shares of class b common stock is reduced below 9,444,375, which was the number of shares of class b common stock outstanding on the date of our 2002 acquisition of at&t corp.'s cable business, subject to adjustment in specified situations. stock dividends payable on the class b common stock in the form of class b or class a common stock do not decrease the non-dilutable voting power of the class b common stock. the class b common stock also has separate approval rights over several potentially material transactions, even if they are approved by our board of directors or by our other shareholders and even if they might be in the best interests of our other shareholders. these potentially material transactions include mergers or consolidations involving us, transactions (such as a sale of all or substantially all of our assets) or issuances of securities that require shareholder approval, transactions that result in any person or group owning shares representing more than 10% of the combined voting power of the resulting or surviving corporation, issuances of class b common stock or securities exercisable or convertible into class b common stock, and amendments to our articles of incorporation or by-laws that would limit the rights of holders of our class b common stock. brian l. roberts, our chairman and ceo, beneficially owns all of the outstanding shares of our class b common stock and, accordingly, has considerable influence over our company and the potential ability to transfer effective control by selling the class b common stock, which could be at a premium.
item 7: management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations introduction management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is provided as a supplement to and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes to enhance the understanding of our operations and our present business environment. components of the management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations section include:
•   overview
•   non-gaap financial measure
•   liquidity and capital resources
•   critical accounting judgments and estimates overview we are a global media and technology company with three primary businesses: comcast cable, nbcuniversal and sky. we present our operations for (1) comcast cable in one reportable business segment, referred to as cable communications; (2) nbcuniversal in four reportable business segments: cable networks, broadcast television, filmed entertainment and theme parks (collectively, the "nbcuniversal segments"); and (3) sky in one reportable business segment. in the fourth quarter of 2018, we acquired a 100% interest in sky through a series of transactions, and sky's results of operations for the period october 9, 2018 to december 31, 2018 are included in our consolidated results of operations. for more information about our company's operations, see item 1: business.
we adopted the updated accounting guidance related to revenue recognition on january 1, 2018 on a full retrospective basis, which required us to reflect the impact of the updated guidance for all periods presented (see note 9 to comcast's consolidated financial statements and note 8 to nbcuniversal's consolidated financial statements).
consolidated revenue, net income attributable to comcast corporation and adjusted ebitda(a)
revenue   net income attributable to comcast corporation   adjusted ebitda
34      comcast 2018 annual report on form 10-k
(a)   adjusted ebitda is a financial measure that is not defined by generally accepted accounting principles in the united states ("gaap"). refer to the "non-gaap financial measure" section on page 54 for additional information, including our definition and our use of adjusted ebitda, and for a reconciliation from net income attributable to comcast corporation to adjusted ebitda.
2018 developments the following are the more significant developments in our businesses during 2018:
cable communications segment
•   an increase in revenue of 3.9% to $55.1 billion was primarily driven by increases in high-speed internet, business services and advertising revenue, partially offset by a decline in video and voice revenue
•   an increase in adjusted ebitda of 6.5% to $22.4 billion
•   an increase in operating margin from 39.7% to 40.7% that reflects increases in revenue from high-speed internet and business services, partially offset by higher programming expenses
•   a decrease in capital expenditures of 3.0% to $7.7 billion that reflects:
◦   decreased spending on customer premise equipment and support capital
◦   an increase in investments in scalable infrastructure to increase network capacity
◦   an increase in investments in line extensions, primarily for the expansion of our business services nbcuniversal segments
•   an increase in total nbcuniversal revenue of 8.9% to $35.8 billion and an increase in total nbcuniversal adjusted ebitda of 4.6% to $8.6 billion, including the impact of our broadcasts of the 2018 pyeongchang olympics and 2018 super bowl
•   an increase in cable networks and broadcast television segments revenue of 12.2% and 19.6%, respectively, including the impact of our broadcasts of the 2018 pyeongchang olympics and 2018 super bowl; excluding revenue associated with our broadcasts of the 2018 pyeongchang olympics and the 2018 super bowl, revenue in our cable networks and broadcast television segments increased 8.6% and 7.1%, respectively, primarily due to increases in distribution revenue
•   an increase in theme parks segment revenue of 4.4% reflecting higher guest spending, driven by increased ticket prices and merchandise, food and beverage spend, partially offset by the impact of inclement weather conditions and natural disasters in japan sky segment
•   we acquired sky in the fourth quarter of 2018 through a series of transactions with total cash consideration of £30.2 billion (approximately $39.4 billion using the exchange rates on the purchase dates)
•   for the period october 9, 2018 to december 31, 2018, sky's total revenue was $4.6 billion and adjusted ebitda was $692 million corporate and other
•   an increase in corporate and other revenue of 17.5% to $1.4 billion primarily due to revenue associated with our wireless phone service
•   an increase in adjusted ebitda losses of 12.6% to $1.5 billion primarily due to losses associated with our wireless phone service of $743 million
•   cash capital contributions to atairos totaling $282 million; as of december 31, 2018, our total investment in atairos is $2.7 billion comcast 2018 annual report on form 10-k   35
competition the results of operations of our reportable business segments are affected by competition, as all of our businesses operate in intensely competitive, consumer-driven and rapidly changing environments and compete with a growing number of companies that provide a broad range of communications products and services, and entertainment, news and information products and services to consumers. technological changes are further intensifying and complicating the competitive landscape and challenging existing business models. in particular, consumers are increasingly turning to online sources for viewing and purchasing content, which has and likely will continue to reduce the number of our video customers and subscribers to our cable networks even as it makes our high-speed internet services more valuable to consumers. in addition, the increasing number of entertainment choices available has intensified audience fragmentation, which has and likely will continue to adversely affect the audience ratings of our cable networks and broadcast television programming.
for additional information on the competition our businesses face, see item 1: business and item 1a: risk factors. within the business section, refer to the "competition" discussion, and within the risk factors section, refer to the risk factors entitled "our businesses currently face a wide range of competition, and our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not compete effectively" and "changes in consumer behavior driven by online video distribution platforms for viewing content could adversely affect our businesses and challenge existing business models."
seasonality and cyclicality each of our businesses is subject to seasonal and cyclical variations. see item 1: business and refer to the "seasonality and cyclicality" discussion within that section for additional information.
consolidated operating results year ended december 31 (in millions)                                                                       2018            2017            2016            % change            % change costs and expenses:
advertising, marketing and promotion                                                                      7,036           6,519           6,291                 7.9                 3.6
other operating gains                                                                                      (341   )        (442   )           -                  nm                  nm operating income                                                                                         19,009          18,018          16,831                 5.5                 7.1
investment and other income (loss), net                                                                    (225   )         421             437              (153.4    )           (3.5   )
income before income taxes                                                                               15,242          15,353          14,326                (0.7    )            7.2
income tax (expense) benefit                                                                             (3,380   )       7,569          (5,298    )         (144.7    )             nm net income                                                                                               11,862          22,922           9,028               (48.2    )          153.9
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable subsidiary preferred stock         131             187             350               (29.8    )          (46.5   )
adjusted ebitda(a)                                                                                      $30,165         $27,956         $26,257                 7.9    %            6.5   %
percentage changes that are considered not meaningful are denoted with nm.
(a)   adjusted ebitda is a non-gaap financial measure. refer to the "non-gaap financial measure" section on page 54 for additional information, including our definition and our use of adjusted ebitda, and for a reconciliation from net income attributable to comcast corporation to adjusted ebitda.
36      comcast 2018 annual report on form 10-k consolidated revenue the following graph illustrates the contributions to the increases in consolidated revenue made by our cable communications, nbcuniversal and sky segments, as well as by corporate and other activities including eliminations.
the primary drivers of the changes in revenue were as follows:
•   growth in our cable communications segment driven by revenue from residential high-speed internet, business services and advertising
•   our broadcasts of the 2018 pyeongchang olympics and 2018 super bowl generated $1.6 billion of revenue, which was reported in our cable networks and broadcast television segments
•   growth in our cable communications segment driven by revenue from residential high-speed internet and video services and business services
•   growth in our nbcuniversal segments driven by filmed entertainment and theme parks, partially offset by revenue in 2016 associated with our broadcast of the 2016 rio olympics revenue for our segments is discussed separately below under the heading "segment operating results." revenue for our business development initiatives and other businesses is discussed separately under the heading "corporate and other results of operations."
comcast 2018 annual report on form 10-k   37
consolidated costs and expenses the following graph illustrates the contributions to the increases in consolidated operating costs and expenses, representing total costs and expenses excluding depreciation and amortization expense and other operating gains, made by our cable communications, nbcuniversal and sky segments, as well as by corporate and other activities including eliminations.
the primary drivers of the changes in operating costs and expenses were as follows:
•   increase in programming expenses in our cable communications segment
•   operating costs and expenses for sky for the period october 9, 2018 to december 31, 2018 were $3.9 billion
•   increase in corporate and other activities driven by our wireless phone service
•   increase in programming expenses in our cable communications segment
•   increase in programming and production expenses in our filmed entertainment segment, partially offset by expenses in 2016 associated with our broadcast of the 2016 rio olympics
•   increase in corporate and other activities driven by the launch of our wireless phone service operating costs and expenses for our segments is discussed separately below under the heading "segment operating results." operating costs and expenses for our corporate operations, business development initiatives and other businesses is discussed separately below under the heading "corporate and other results of operations."
consolidated depreciation and amortization expense year ended december 31 (in millions)        2018              2017              2016             % change             % change cable communications                      $8,264            $8,006            $7,538                  3.2     %            6.2   %
consolidated depreciation and amortization expense increased in 2018 and 2017 primarily due to the acquisition of sky in the current year period and increases in capital expenditures, as well as expenditures for software, in our cable communications segment in recent years. capital expenditures increased in our cable communications segment as we continue to invest in network capacity and in customer premise equipment, primarily for our x1 platform, cloud dvr technology and wireless gateways. certain assets in our cable communications segment have relatively short estimated useful lives, which also contributed to the increase in depreciation expense in 2018 and 2017 and will continue to increase depreciation expense in 2019. nbcuniversal depreciation and amortization expense also increased primarily due to our continued investment in new attractions in our theme parks segment,
38      comcast 2018 annual report on form 10-k including for universal studios japan. sky depreciation and amortization expense is related primarily to property and equipment and customer relationship intangible assets.
amortization expense from acquisition-related intangible assets, such as customer relationships, totaled $1.1 billion, $824 million and $790 million for 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. amounts primarily relate to customer relationship intangible assets recorded in connection with the nbcuniversal transaction in 2011, and 2018 included $267 million related to our preliminary estimates of sky customer relationship intangible assets for the period october 9, 2018 to december 31, 2018. amounts related to sky are estimates and subject to change as we finalize acquisition accounting (see note 8 to comcast's consolidated financial statements for additional information).
consolidated other operating gains consolidated other operating gains for 2018 included $200 million related to the sale of a controlling interest in our arena management-related businesses in corporate and other and $141 million related to the sale of a business in our filmed entertainment segment (see note 10 to comcast's consolidated financial statements). consolidated other operating gains for 2017 included $337 million related to nbcuniversal's relinquishment of spectrum rights (see note 8 to comcast's consolidated financial statements and note 7 to nbcuniversal's consolidated financial statements) and $105 million related to the sale of a business in corporate and other (see note 10 to comcast's consolidated financial statements).
consolidated interest expense interest expense increased in 2018 primarily due to higher levels of debt outstanding and financing costs resulting from the sky transaction. interest expense increased in 2017 primarily due to higher levels of debt outstanding.
consolidated investment and other income (loss), net year ended december 31 (in millions)                                  2018          2017          2016
equity in net income (losses) of investees, net                      $(364   )      $107         $(104   )
realized and unrealized gains (losses) on equity securities, net      (187   )       (17   )        12
total investment and other income (loss), net                        $(225   )      $421          $437
equity in net income (losses) of investees, net the changes in equity in net income (losses) of investees, net in 2018 and 2017 were primarily due to our equity method investments in atairos group, inc. and hulu, llc. atairos, which commenced operations in 2016, follows investment company accounting and records its investments at their fair values each reporting period with the net gains or losses reflected in its statement of income. we recognize our share of these gains and losses in equity in net income (losses) of investees, net. the losses at hulu were driven by its higher programming, advertising and marketing costs, and higher other administrative expenses. the table below summarizes the equity in net income (losses) of atairos and hulu in 2018, 2017 and 2016.
realized and unrealized gains (losses) on equity securities, net the change in realized and unrealized gains (losses) on equity securities, net for 2018 compared to 2017 was primarily due to the adoption of updated accounting guidance for our marketable equity securities, which primarily relates to our investment in snap (see note 10 to comcast's consolidated financial statements and note 9 to nbcuniversal's consolidated financial statements).
other income (loss), net other income (loss), net for 2018 and 2017 primarily included interest and dividend income.
other income (loss), net for 2016 included $225 million recognized in connection with the settlement of amounts owed to us under an agency agreement that had provided for, among other things, verizon wireless' sale of our cable services and $108 million related to the sale of our investment in the weather channel's product and technology business to ibm.
comcast 2018 annual report on form 10-k   39
consolidated income tax (expense) benefit income tax (expense) benefit reflects an effective income tax rate that differs from the federal statutory rate primarily due to state and foreign income taxes and adjustments associated with uncertain tax positions. our effective income tax rate in 2018 was 22.2%, which included the effects of the 2017 tax act and also an income tax benefit of $128 million recognized during the first quarter of 2018 related to the enactment of additional federal tax legislation in 2018, which were partially offset by higher taxable income from operations and $148 million of income tax expense due to state and federal tax law changes that were enacted in the third quarter of 2018. the 2017 tax act, among other things, reduced the federal corporate income tax rate to 21% from 35%, effective january 1, 2018. we recognized an income tax benefit of $244 million during the fourth quarter of 2018 related to a reduction of our net deferred tax liability as a result of the acquisition of sky. see note 5 to comcast's consolidated financial statements for further discussion on tax reform.
our effective income tax rate in 2017 was a benefit of 49.3%. the enactment of the 2017 tax act resulted in a net income tax benefit of $12.7 billion in 2017, primarily related to a reduction of our net deferred tax liability. excluding this tax benefit, our effective income tax rate in 2017 would have been an expense of 33.3%.
additionally, in 2017, we prospectively adopted certain provisions of the new accounting guidance related to share-based compensation, which resulted in an increase in income tax benefit of $297 million in 2017. our income tax benefit also increased $121 million due to the impact of an internal legal reorganization in the third quarter of 2017, which was partially offset by a decrease of $53 million due to changes in state tax laws. our effective income tax rate in 2016 was an expense of 37.0%.
consolidated net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable subsidiary preferred stock the decrease in net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable subsidiary preferred stock in 2018 was primarily due to the noncontrolling interest holders' share of the loss related to universal beijing resort. in 2018, we entered into an agreement with a consortium of chinese state-owned companies to build and operate a universal theme park and resort in beijing, china and obtained a 30% interest in universal beijing resort. see note 8 to comcast's consolidated financial statements for further discussion on noncontrolling interest related to universal beijing resort. the decrease in net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable subsidiary preferred stock in 2017 was primarily due to our acquisition of the remaining interests in universal studios japan that we did not already own in april 2017.
segment operating results our segment operating results are presented based on how we assess operating performance and internally report financial information. we use adjusted ebitda as the measure of profit or loss for our operating segments. adjusted ebitda is defined as net income attributable to comcast corporation before net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable subsidiary preferred stock, income tax benefit (expense), investment and other income (loss), net, interest expense, depreciation and amortization expense, and other operating gains and losses (such as impairment charges related to fixed and intangible assets and gains or losses on the sale of long-lived assets), if any. from time to time we may exclude from adjusted ebitda the impact of certain events, gains, losses or other charges (such as significant legal settlements) that affect the period-to-period comparability of our operating performance. adjusted ebitda for our segments is not a non-gaap financial measure. we reconcile the aggregate amount of adjusted ebitda for our reportable business segments to consolidated income before income taxes in the notes to our consolidated financial statements (see note 2 to comcast's consolidated financial statements and nbcuniversal's consolidated financial statements).
to be consistent with our current management reporting presentation, certain 2017 and 2016 operating results were reclassified within the cable communications segment and certain 2018, 2017 and 2016 operating results were reclassified related to certain nbcuniversal businesses now presented in the sky segment.
40      comcast 2018 annual report on form 10-k cable communications segment results of operations revenue and adjusted ebitda   residential customer relationships year ended december 31 (in millions)        2018            2017            2016            % change            % change high-speed internet                      $17,144         $15,681         $14,421                 9.3    %            8.7   %
business services                          7,129           6,437           5,705                10.7                12.8
operating costs and expenses programming                               13,249          12,907          11,576                 2.7                11.5
technical and product support              6,530           6,293           6,207                 3.8                 1.4
customer service                           2,386           2,448           2,481                (2.6    )           (1.3   )
advertising, marketing and promotion       3,747           3,711           3,674                 1.0                 1.0
franchise and other regulatory fees        1,566           1,589           1,550                (1.5    )            2.5
total operating costs and expenses        32,696          32,002          30,563                 2.2                 4.7
adjusted ebitda                          $22,447         $21,068         $20,014                 6.5    %            5.3   %
comcast 2018 annual report on form 10-k   41
customer metrics total customers                     net additional customers
(in thousands, except per customer amounts)                      2018            2017            2016         2018           2017           2016
customer relationships residential customer relationships                             28,046          27,168          26,533          878            635            705
business services customer relationships                        2,303           2,179           2,044          123            135            157
total customer relationships                                   30,349          29,347          28,577        1,002            770            862
average monthly total revenue per customer relationship       $153.95         $152.70         $149.75
average monthly adjusted ebitda per customer relationship      $62.67          $60.62          $59.26
residential customer relationships mix single product customers                                        9,074           8,196           7,756          878            439            110
double product customers                                        9,092           9,056           8,797           36            259            319
triple and quad product customers                               9,880           9,916           9,980          (36      )     (64      )     277
high-speed internet residential customers                                          25,097          23,863          22,827        1,234          1,036          1,218
business services customers                                     2,125           2,006           1,874          120            132            155
total high-speed internet customers                            27,222          25,869          24,701        1,353          1,168          1,373
video residential customers                                          20,959          21,303          21,488         (344      )    (186      )     103
business services customers                                     1,027           1,054           1,019          (27      )      35             57
total video customers                                          21,986          22,357          22,508         (370      )    (151      )     161
voice residential customers                                          10,153          10,316          10,546         (163      )    (231      )     110
business services customers                                     1,297           1,236           1,140           60             96            101
total voice customers                                          11,449          11,552          11,687         (103      )    (135      )     211
security and automation security and automation customers                               1,317           1,131             891          186            239            279
customer metrics are presented based on actual amounts. minor differences may exist due to rounding. for multiple dwelling units ("mdus"), including buildings located on college campuses, whose residents have the ability to receive additional cable services, such as additional programming choices or our high-definition video ("hd") or digital video recorder ("dvr") advanced services, we count and report customers based on the number of potential billable relationships within each mdu. for mdus whose residents are not able to receive additional cable services, the mdu is counted as a single customer. in 2017, we began to offer prepaid services that allow customers to prepay for at least 30 days of service. residential high-speed internet and video customers as of december 31, 2018 included prepaid customers totaling approximately 135,000 and 5,000, respectively. customer relationships represent the number of residential and business customers that subscribe to at least one of our cable services. single product, double product, and triple and quad product customers represent residential customers that subscribe to one, two, or three and four of our cable services, respectively.
average monthly total revenue per customer relationship for 2018 and 2017 was $153.95 and $152.70, respectively. this metric is impacted by rate adjustments and changes in the types and levels of services received by our residential and business services customers, as well as changes in advertising revenue. while revenue from our residential high-speed internet, video and voice services are also impacted by changes in the allocation of revenue among services sold in a bundle, the allocation does not impact average monthly total revenue per customer relationship.
average monthly adjusted ebitda per customer relationship for 2018 and 2017 was $62.67 and $60.62, respectively. each of our cable services has a different contribution to operating margin. we use average monthly adjusted ebitda per customer relationship to evaluate the profitability of our customer base across our service offerings. we believe this metric is useful particularly as we continue to focus on growing our higher-margin businesses, including residential high-speed internet and business services.
cable communications segment - revenue cable communications is one of the nation's largest providers of high-speed internet, video, voice and security and automation services ("cable services") to residential customers under the xfinity brand; we also provide these and other services to business customers and sell advertising. our cable communications segment generates revenue primarily from residential and business customers that subscribe to our cable services, which we market individually and as bundled services. our cable communications segment also generates revenue from selling through our allocation of scheduled advertising time on cable networks that is received as part of distribution agreements with these networks to local, regional and national advertisers.
42      comcast 2018 annual report on form 10-k high-speed internet cable communications offers high-speed internet services with downstream speeds that range up to 1 gigabit per second ("gbps") and fiber-based speeds that range up to 2 gbps. we are also deploying wireless gateways to improve the performance of multiple ip-enabled devices used at the same time within the home, provide faster internet speeds and create an in-home wi-fi network. customers with xfi-enabled wireless gateways may personalize and manage their wi-fi network remotely, which includes viewing and changing their wi-fi password, identifying which devices are connected to their in-home network, setting parental controls and schedules, as well as other features. we believe our customer base will continue to grow as consumers choose our high-speed internet service and seek higher-speed offerings.
high-speed internet revenue increased 9.3% and 8.7% in 2018 and 2017, respectively, primarily due to:
•   increase in the number of residential customers receiving our high-speed internet services, which accounted for 4.9% and 5.1% in 2018 and 2017, respectively
•   increase in average high-speed internet rates video cable communications offers a broad variety of video services packages that may include premium networks, pay-per-view services and our on demand service. our video customers may also subscribe for additional fees to our hd and dvr advanced services.
•   decline in the number of residential video customers
•   to a lesser extent, changes in average video rates video revenue increased 3.0% in 2017 primarily due to:
•   decline in the number of residential video customers as of december 31, 2018, 15.5 million customers subscribed to at least one of our hd or dvr advanced services compared to 15.0 million customers and 14.8 million customers as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
we have experienced, and expect that we will continue to experience, declines in the number of residential video customers due to competitive pressures, and we expect that our video revenue will continue to decline. competition is intense, both from traditional multichannel video providers and online video distribution services. we believe our x1 platform helps us compete more effectively against this competition, and have also continued to employ sales and marketing programs, such as promotions, bundled service offerings and service offerings targeted at specific market segments.
voice cable communications offers voice services that provide local and long-distance calling and other related features.
•   decline in the number of residential voice customers
•   decrease due to the amount allocated to voice revenue for bundled services voice revenue decreased 1.7% in 2017 primarily due to:
•   decrease due to the amount allocated to voice revenue for bundled services
•   decline in the number of residential voice customers we expect that the number of residential voice customers and voice revenue will continue to decline.
business services cable communications offers a variety of products and services to businesses. small business services offerings primarily include high-speed internet services, as well as voice and video services. cable communications also offers ethernet network services to medium-sized customers and larger enterprises, as well as advanced voice services, along with video solutions that serve hotels and other large venues. in addition, cellular backhaul services are provided to mobile network operators to help them manage their network bandwidth.
comcast 2018 annual report on form 10-k   43
cable communications has expanded its enterprise service offerings to include a software-defined networking product for our medium-sized and enterprise customers. enterprise customers may also receive support services related to wi-fi networks, router management, network security, business continuity risks and other services. enterprise service offerings are primarily provided to fortune 1000 companies and other large enterprises with multiple locations.
business services revenue increased 10.7% and 12.8% in 2018 and 2017, respectively, primarily due to:
•   increase in the number of customers receiving our small and medium-sized business services offerings
•   increase in average rates in 2018, 2017 and 2016, revenue from our small business services offerings represented the majority of our total business services revenue. we believe the increases in the number of business customers are primarily the result of our efforts to gain market share from competitors by offering competitive services and pricing. we expect that the contribution to our growth rate from medium-sized and enterprise customers will increase relative to that of our small-business customers as small business service matures.
advertising as part of cable communications' distribution agreements with cable networks, it generally receives an allocation of scheduled advertising time that is sold through its advertising business to local, regional and national advertisers. in most cases, the available advertising units are sold by our sales force. in some cases, it works with representation firms as an extension of its sales force to sell a portion of the advertising units allocated to it. cable communications also represents the advertising sales efforts of other multichannel video providers in some markets. in addition, it generates revenue from the sale of advertising on its digital platforms. it also provides technology, tools, data-driven services and marketplace solutions to customers in the media industry, which allow advertisers to more effectively engage with their target audiences. advertising revenue is affected by the strength of the advertising market, general economic conditions, and cyclicality related to political campaigns and issue-oriented advertising.
advertising revenue increased 14.1% in 2018 primarily due to an increase in political advertising revenue. advertising revenue decreased 6.7% in 2017 primarily due to a decrease in political advertising revenue. excluding the impact of political advertising revenue, advertising increased 1.7% and 0.3% in 2018 and 2017, respectively.
in 2018, 4% of our cable communications segment advertising revenue was generated from our nbcuniversal segments, compared to 5% in both 2017 and 2016. these amounts are eliminated in our consolidated financial statements but are included in the amounts presented above.
other other revenue primarily includes revenue related to residential customer late fees. we also receive revenue related to fees from other services, such as our security and automation services.
•   increase in revenue related to the licensing of our x1 platform to other multichannel video providers
•   increase in revenue from our security and automation services cable communications segment - operating costs and expenses programming expenses programming expenses, which represent our most significant operating expense, are the fees we incur to provide content to our video customers. these expenses are affected by the programming license fees charged by cable networks, the fees charged for retransmission of the signals from local broadcast television stations, the number of video customers we serve and the amount of content we provide.
•   increase in programming license fees, including retransmission consent fees and sports programming costs technical and product support expenses technical and product support expenses include costs to complete service call and installation activities, as well as costs for network operations, product development, fulfillment and provisioning.
44      comcast 2018 annual report on form 10-k technical and product support expenses increased in 2018 and 2017 primarily due to:
•   increased expenses related to the continued development, deployment and support of our x1 platform, cloud dvr technology and wireless gateways
•   increased expenses related to the continued growth in business services and security and automation services customer service expenses customer service expenses include the personnel and other costs associated with handling the sale of services to customers and customer service activity.
customer service expenses decreased in 2018 primarily due to lower personnel costs as a result of reduced call volumes.
customer service expenses decreased slightly in 2017 primarily due to reduced call volume, which were partially offset by increased personnel costs.
advertising, marketing and promotion expenses advertising, marketing and promotion expenses include the costs associated with attracting new customers and promoting our service offerings.
advertising, marketing and promotion expenses were relatively flat in 2018 and 2017.
franchise and other regulatory fees cable franchise and other regulatory fees represent the fees we are required to pay to federal, state and local authorities under the terms of our cable franchise agreements. franchise and other regulatory fees decreased in 2018 primarily due to a decrease in the revenue to which the fees apply. franchise and other regulatory fees increased in 2017 primarily due to an increase in the revenue to which the fees apply.
other operating costs and expenses other operating costs and expenses increased in 2018 due to an increase in costs to support our advertising sales business. other operating costs and expenses remained relatively flat in 2017.
cable communications segment - operating margin our cable communications segment operating margin is adjusted ebitda as a percentage of revenue. the most significant operating costs and expenses for our cable communications segment are the programming expenses we incur to provide content to our video customers, which increased 2.7% and 11.5% in 2018 and 2017, respectively. we will continue to focus on growing our higher-margin businesses, particularly residential high-speed internet and business services, and on overall operating cost management.
our cable communications segment operating margin was 40.7%, 39.7% and 39.6% in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
nbcuniversal segments overview revenue   adjusted ebitda comcast 2018 annual report on form 10-k   45
year ended december 31 (in millions)        2018            2017                 2016       % change          % change 2016 to 2017
revenue cable networks                           $11,773         $10,497         $10,324                12.2    %          1.7   %
adjusted ebitda cable networks                            $4,428          $4,053          $3,681                 9.3    %         10.1   %
headquarters, other and eliminations        (676   )        (746   )        (688    )             nm                nm total adjusted ebitda                     $8,598          $8,218          $7,138                 4.6    %         15.1   %
cable networks segment results of operations year ended december 31 (in millions)        2018            2017            2016            % change            % change operating costs and expenses programming and production                 5,357           4,599           4,863                16.5                (5.4   )
advertising, marketing and promotion         535             519             501                 3.2                 3.6
total operating costs and expenses         7,345           6,444           6,643                14.0                (3.0   )
adjusted ebitda                           $4,428          $4,053          $3,681                 9.3    %           10.1   %
cable networks segment - revenue distribution distribution revenue is generated from the distribution of our cable network programming to traditional and virtual multichannel video providers and is affected by the number of subscribers receiving our cable networks and the fees we charge per subscriber.
year ended december 31 (in millions)                                           2018            2017            2016            % change           % change
•   increase in revenue associated with our broadcast of the 2018 pyeongchang olympics
•   decrease due to continued decline in the number of subscribers at our cable networks distribution revenue increased in 2017 primarily due to:
46      comcast 2018 annual report on form 10-k
•   decrease due to absence of revenue associated with our broadcast of the 2016 rio olympics
•   decrease due to continued decline in the number of subscribers at our cable networks advertising advertising revenue is generated from the sale of advertising units sold on our cable networks and digital properties. advertising revenue is primarily based on the price we charge for each advertising unit, which is generally based on audience ratings, the value of our viewer demographics to advertisers and the number of advertising units we can place in our cable networks' programming schedules. advertising revenue is affected by the audience ratings of our programming, the strength of the national advertising market and general economic conditions.
year ended december 31 (in millions)                                          2018            2017            2016           % change           % change
•   increase in revenue associated with our broadcast of the 2018 pyeongchang olympics
•   increase due to higher prices for advertising units sold
•   decrease due to the impact of continued declines in audience ratings at our networks advertising revenue decreased in 2017 primarily due to:
•   decrease due to the impact of continued declines in audience ratings at our networks
•   increase due to higher prices for advertising units sold content licensing and other content licensing and other revenue is generated primarily from the licensing of our owned programming in the united states and internationally to cable and broadcast networks and subscription video on demand services, as well as from the sale of our owned programming on dvds and through digital distribution services such as itunes. in addition, our cable television studio production operations generate revenue from programming the studio produces for third-party networks and for subscription video on demand services.
in 2018, 2017 and 2016, 14%, 15% and 15%, respectively, of our cable networks segment revenue was generated from our cable communications segment. these amounts are eliminated in comcast's consolidated financial statements but are included in the amounts presented above.
cable networks segment - operating costs and expenses programming and production costs programming and production costs include the amortization of owned and acquired programming, sports rights, direct production costs, residual and participation payments, production overhead, costs associated with the distribution of our programming to third-party networks and other distribution platforms, and on-air talent costs.
programming and production costs increased in 2018 primarily due to:
•   increase in costs associated with our broadcast of the 2018 pyeongchang olympics
•   increase in costs related to our continued investment in original programming
•   increase in studio production costs
•   increase in other sports programming rights programming and production costs decreased in 2017 primarily due to:
•   decrease in costs due to the absence of our broadcast of the 2016 rio olympics comcast 2018 annual report on form 10-k   47
•   increase in other sports programming rights costs and higher studio production costs other operating and administrative costs and expenses other operating and administrative costs and expenses include salaries, employee benefits, rent and other overhead expenses.
•   increases in employee-related costs
•   increases in costs associated with our various digital properties these expenses increased in 2017 primarily due to increases in employee-related costs.
advertising, marketing and promotion expenses advertising, marketing and promotion expenses consist primarily of the costs associated with promoting programming on our cable networks and digital properties.
advertising, marketing and promotion expenses increased in 2018 primarily due to:
•   increases in spending related to our digital properties advertising, marketing and promotion expenses increased in 2017 primarily due to increased spending on marketing related to programming on our cable networks and our new digital platforms.
broadcast television segment results of operations year ended december 31 (in millions)        2018            2017            2016            % change            % change operating costs and expenses programming and production                 7,789           6,440           6,949                20.9                (7.3   )
advertising, marketing and promotion         446             481             462                (7.3    )            4.2
total operating costs and expenses         9,782           8,312           8,792                17.7                (5.5   )
adjusted ebitda                           $1,657          $1,251          $1,293                32.5    %           (3.3   )%
broadcast television segment - revenue advertising advertising revenue is generated from the sale of advertising units sold on our broadcast networks, owned local broadcast television stations and digital properties. advertising revenue is primarily based on the price we charge for each advertising unit, which is generally based on audience ratings and the value of our viewer demographics to advertisers, and the number of advertising units we can place in our broadcast networks' and owned local television stations' programming schedules. advertising revenue is affected by the strength of the national and local advertising markets, general economic conditions, cyclicality related to political campaigns and issue-oriented advertising, and the success and ratings of our programming.
year ended december 31 (in millions)                                                           2018            2017            2016            % change           % change
•   increase in revenue associated with our broadcasts of the 2018 pyeongchang olympics and 2018 super bowl
48      comcast 2018 annual report on form 10-k
•   increase due to higher prices for advertising units sold
•   decrease due to the absence of revenue associated with our broadcast of the 2016 rio olympics
•   increase due to higher prices for advertising units sold content licensing content licensing revenue is generated from the licensing of our owned programming in the united states and internationally to various distribution platforms, including to cable and broadcast networks, and to subscription video on demand services. in addition, our broadcast television studio production operations develop and produce original content that they license to broadcast networks, cable networks and local broadcast television stations owned by us and third parties, as well as to subscription video on demand services. the production and distribution costs related to our owned programming generally exceed the revenue generated from the initial network license, which means the subsequent licensing of our owned programming series following the initial network license is critical to their financial success.
distribution and other we generate distribution and other revenue primarily from fees for retransmission consent of our owned local broadcast television stations and associated fees received from nbc-affiliated local broadcast television stations, as well as from the sale of our owned programming on dvds and through digital distribution services. the sale of our owned programming is driven primarily by the popularity of our broadcast networks and programming series and therefore fluctuates based on consumer spending and acceptance. distribution and other revenue also includes distribution revenue associated with our periodic broadcasts of the olympic games.
year ended december 31 (in millions)                                                     2018            2017            2016            % change            % change
•   decrease due to the absence of revenue associated with our broadcast of the 2016 rio olympics broadcast television segment - operating costs and expenses programming and production costs programming and production costs relate to content that originates on our broadcast networks and owned local broadcast television stations, as well as owned content that is licensed to third parties. these costs include the amortization of owned and acquired programming costs, sports rights, direct production costs, residual and participation payments, production overhead, costs associated with the distribution of our programming to third-party networks and other distribution platforms, and on-air talent costs.
programming and production costs increased in 2018 primarily due to costs associated with our broadcasts of the 2018 pyeongchang olympics and the 2018 super bowl.
programming and production costs decreased in 2017 primarily due to:
•   decrease in costs due to the absence of our broadcast of the 2016 rio olympics comcast 2018 annual report on form 10-k   49
•   increase due to higher studio production costs, our continued investment in original programming and increases in other sports programming rights costs other operating and administrative costs and expenses other operating and administrative costs and expenses include salaries, employee benefits, rent and other overhead expenses, and these costs increased in 2018 primarily due to employee-related costs and overhead expenses. other operating and administrative costs and expenses increased slightly in 2017.
advertising, marketing and promotion expenses advertising, marketing and promotion expenses consist primarily of the costs associated with promoting our owned and acquired television programming, as well as the marketing of dvds and costs associated with our digital properties. these expenses decreased in 2018 primarily due to decreased spending on marketing related to our news and local programming. these expenses increased in 2017 primarily due to increased spending on marketing related to our entertainment and news programming.
filmed entertainment segment results of operations year ended december 31 (in millions)        2018            2017            2016            % change            % change operating costs and expenses programming and production                 3,446           3,500           2,881                (1.5   )            21.5
advertising, marketing and promotion       1,783           1,559           1,600                14.3                (2.5   )
total operating costs and expenses         6,418           6,319           5,567                 1.6   13.5
adjusted ebitda                             $734          $1,276            $662               (42.5   )%           92.6   %
filmed entertainment segment - revenue theatrical theatrical revenue is generated from the worldwide theatrical release of our produced and acquired films for exhibition in movie theaters and is significantly affected by the timing of each release and the number of films we distribute, as well as their acceptance by audiences. theatrical revenue is also affected by the number of exhibition screens, ticket prices, the percentage of ticket sale retention by the exhibitors and the popularity of competing films at the time our films are released. the success of a film in movie theaters is a significant factor in determining the revenue a film is likely to generate in succeeding distribution platforms.
theatrical revenue decreased in 2018 primarily due to the timing of releases and the strong performance of prior year releases, which were partially offset by successful releases in the current year. theatrical revenue increased in 2017 primarily due to the strong performances of several releases in our 2017 film slate. the following key titles released in each respective fiscal year were contributors to the drivers of changes in revenue:
jurassic world: fallen kingdom   the fate of the furious   the secret life of pets dr. seuss' the grinch            despicable me 3           sing mamma mia! here we go again      fifty shades darker fifty shades freed content licensing content licensing revenue is generated primarily from the licensing of our produced and acquired films to cable, broadcast and premium networks, and to subscription video on demand services.
50      comcast 2018 annual report on form 10-k content licensing revenue increased in 2017 primarily due to the timing of when content was made available under licensing agreements, including content from dreamworks animation.
home entertainment home entertainment revenue is generated from the sale of our produced and acquired films on dvds to retail stores, rental kiosks and by mail services, and in digital formats. home entertainment revenue is significantly affected by the timing and number of our releases and their acceptance by consumers. release dates are determined by several factors, including the timing of the exhibition of a film in movie theaters, holiday periods and the timing of competitive releases. the overall dvd market continues to experience declines due to the maturation of the dvd format from increasing shifts in consumer behavior toward digital distribution services and subscription rental services, both of which generate less revenue per transaction than dvd sales, as well as due to piracy.
home entertainment revenue decreased in 2018 primarily due to higher sales of 2017 releases in the prior year period, which were partially offset by sales of 2018 releases in the current year period. home entertainment revenue increased in 2017 primarily due to strong sales of several 2017 releases. the following key titles released in each respective fiscal year were contributors to the drivers of changes in home entertainment revenue:
other we also generate revenue from fandango, our movie ticketing and entertainment business, from the sale of consumer products, from the production and licensing of live stage plays, and from the distribution of filmed entertainment produced by third parties.
•   decrease due to the absence of revenue associated with the sale of a business in 2018
•   decrease in revenue from consumer products other revenue increased in 2017 primarily due to:
•   increase in revenue from consumer products, including from dreamworks animation
•   increase in revenue from fandango filmed entertainment segment - operating costs and expenses programming and production costs programming and production costs include the amortization of capitalized film production and acquisition costs, residual and participation payments, and distribution expenses. residual payments represent amounts payable to individuals hired under collective bargaining agreements to work on productions and are calculated based on post-theatrical revenue. participation payments are primarily based on film performance and represent contingent consideration payable to creative talent, to third parties that have entered into cofinancing agreements with us and to other parties involved in the production of a film. the costs associated with producing films have generally increased in recent years and may continue to increase in the future.
programming and production costs decreased in 2018 due to:
•   decrease due to higher amortization of film production costs in 2017 compared to 2018
programming and production costs increased in 2017 primarily due to:
•   increase due to higher amortization of film production costs for our 2017 releases
•   increase in costs due to the inclusion of costs associated with dreamworks animation other operating and administrative costs and expenses other operating and administrative costs and expenses include salaries, employee benefits, rent and other overhead expenses.
•   decrease in employee-related costs comcast 2018 annual report on form 10-k   51
•   decrease due to the absence of expenses associated with the sale of a business in 2018
•   increase in employee-related costs
•   increase in costs due to the inclusion of a full year of expenses associated with dreamworks animation advertising, marketing and promotion expenses advertising, marketing and promotion expenses consist primarily of expenses associated with advertising for our theatrical releases and the marketing of our films on dvds and in digital formats. we incur significant marketing expenses before and throughout the release of a film in movie theaters. as a result, we typically incur losses on a film prior to and during the film's exhibition in movie theaters and may not realize profits, if any, until the film generates home entertainment and content licensing revenue. the costs associated with marketing films have generally increased in recent years and may continue to increase in the future.
advertising, marketing and promotion expenses increased in 2018 primarily due to a higher number of releases in the current year period. advertising, marketing and promotion expenses decreased in 2017 due to a higher number of releases in 2016 compared to 2017.
theme parks segment results of operations year ended december 31 (in millions)        2018            2017                2016       % change          % change 2016 to 2017
operating costs and expenses               3,228           3,059           2,756                5.5              11.0
adjusted ebitda                           $2,455          $2,384          $2,190                3.0    %          8.9   %
theme parks segment - revenue the theme parks segment generates revenue primarily from ticket sales and guest spending at universal theme parks. guest spending includes in-park spending on food, beverages and merchandise. guest attendance at our theme parks and guest spending depend heavily on the general environment for travel and tourism, including consumer spending on travel and other recreational activities.
•   decrease due to the impact of inclement weather conditions and natural disasters in japan theme parks segment revenue increased in 2017 primarily due to:
•   increases in guest spending and higher guest attendance driven by the continued success of the wizarding world of harry pottertm attraction in hollywood, and the openings of minion parktm in japan and volcano baytm in orlando theme parks segment - operating costs and expenses our theme parks segment operating costs and expenses consist primarily of theme park operations, including repairs and maintenance and related administrative expenses; food, beverage and merchandise costs; labor costs; and sales and marketing costs.
theme parks segment operating costs and expenses increased in 2018 primarily due to higher operating costs related to newer attractions at our domestic theme parks.
theme parks segment operating costs and expenses increased in 2017 primarily due to:
•   increase in operating costs related to higher guest attendance and new attractions
•   increase in marketing costs associated with our domestic theme parks nbcuniversal headquarters, other and eliminations headquarters and other operating costs and expenses incurred by our nbcuniversal businesses include overhead, personnel costs and costs associated with corporate initiatives. operating costs and expenses decreased in 2018 primarily due to lower employee-related costs. operating costs and expenses increased in 2017 primarily due to higher employee-related costs.
52      comcast 2018 annual report on form 10-k sky segment in the fourth quarter of 2018, we acquired a 100% interest in sky through a series of transactions. sky is one of europe's leading entertainment companies, which primarily includes a direct-to-consumer business, providing video, high-speed internet, voice and wireless phone services, and a content business, operating entertainment networks, the sky news broadcast network and sky sports networks. sky results for the period from october 9, 2018 to december 31, 2018 are included in our consolidated financial results as presented below. these results are not indicative of a full quarter of sky's operations.
(in millions)                          for the period october 9, 2018 to december 31, 2018
revenue direct-to-consumer                                                                  $3,632
operating costs and expenses programming and production                                                           2,137
direct network costs                                                                   399
total operating costs and expenses                                                   3,895
adjusted ebitda                                                                       $692
customer metrics total customer relationships   23,600
sky segment - revenue direct-to-consumer direct-to-consumer revenue is derived from subscription and transactional revenue from residential and business customers. subscription revenue includes revenue from residential and business subscribers to video, high-speed internet, phone and wireless phone services, including ott subscriptions and income from set-top boxes, wireless phone handset and tablet sales, installation, service calls and warranties. transactional revenue includes the purchase of physical and digital content, ott daily, weekly and monthly passes, and pay-per-view programming.
content content revenue is derived from the distribution of sky's owned television channels on third-party platforms and the licensing of owned programming to third-party video providers.
advertising advertising revenue is derived from the sale of advertising and sponsorships across sky's owned television channels and where it represents the sales efforts of third-party channels.
sky segment - operating costs and expenses programming and production costs programming and production costs primarily relate to content originating on sky's channels. these costs include the amortization of owned and acquired programming costs, sports rights, direct production costs, residual and participation payments, production overhead, and on-air talent costs. these expenses also include the fees associated with programming distribution agreements for channels owned by third parties, which are generally based on the number of customers who are able to watch the programming and the platforms on which the content is provided.
direct network costs direct network costs primarily include costs directly related to the supply of high-speed internet and voice services, including wireless phone services, to sky's customers. this includes call costs, monthly wholesale access fees and other variable costs associated with our network. in addition, it includes the cost of mobile handsets sold to customers.
comcast 2018 annual report on form 10-k   53
other other expenses include costs related to marketing, subscriber management, supply chain, transmission, technology, fixed networks and general administrative costs.
corporate and other results of operations year ended december 31 (in millions)                2018            2017          2016        % change            % change operating costs and expenses                       3,428           2,815       1,735                  21.7   62.3
adjustment for legal settlement                     (125   )        (250   )   -              nm                  nm adjustment for sky transaction-related costs        (355   )           -       -              nm                  nm adjusted ebitda                                  $(1,545   )     $(1,372   )   $(849      )   (12.6          )%   (61.6          )%
corporate and other - revenue other revenue primarily relates to revenue from business development initiatives, such as our wireless phone service that launched in 2017, and from comcast spectacor, which owns the philadelphia flyers and the wells fargo center arena in philadelphia, pennsylvania.
•   increase in revenue associated with our wireless phone service
•   decrease in revenue due to the sale of a controlling interest in our arena management-related businesses in the second quarter of 2018 and the sale of a business in the third quarter of 2017
corporate and other - operating costs and expenses corporate and other operating costs and expenses primarily include overhead and personnel costs, the costs of other business development initiatives, including our wireless phone service, and operating costs and expenses associated with comcast spectacor.
corporate and other operating costs and expenses increased in 2018 primarily due to:
•   increase in expenses associated with our wireless phone service
•   increase in expenses directly related to the sky transaction, including the u.k. share acquisition tax and success-based investment banker fees, and legal, accounting and valuation services, as well as certain other impacts resulting from the sky transaction, such as expenses resulting from the replacement of share-based compensation awards
•   decrease in operating costs and expenses due to the sale of a controlling interest in our arena management-related businesses in the second quarter of 2018 and the sale of a business in the third quarter of 2017
•   corporate and other adjusted ebitda excludes $355 million of costs incurred in the fourth quarter of 2018 in connection with the sky transaction, including the u.k. share acquisition tax and success-based investment banker fees, and $125 million of expenses related to a legal settlement corporate and other operating costs and expenses increased in 2017 primarily due to:
•   increase in expenses associated with our new wireless phone service
•   increase of $171 million related to a one-time special cash bonus for eligible employees
•   corporate and other adjusted ebitda excludes $250 million of expense related to a legal settlement in 2017
non-gaap financial measure consolidated adjusted ebitda is a non-gaap financial measure of performance and is defined as net income attributable to comcast corporation before net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable subsidiary preferred stock, income tax benefit (expense), investment and other income (loss), net, interest expense, depreciation and amortization expense, and other operating gains and losses (such as impairment charges related to fixed and intangible assets and gains or losses on the sale of long-lived assets), if any. from time to time we may exclude from adjusted ebitda the impact of certain events, gains, losses or other charges (such as significant legal settlements) that affect the period-to-period comparability of our operating performance. this measure eliminates the significant level of noncash depreciation and amortization expense that results from the
54      comcast 2018 annual report on form 10-k capital-intensive nature of certain of our businesses and from intangible assets recognized in business combinations. it is also unaffected by our capital and tax structures, and by our investment activities, including the results of entities that we do not consolidate, as our management excludes these results when evaluating our operating performance. our management and board of directors use this financial measure to evaluate our consolidated operating performance and the operating performance of our operating segments and to allocate resources and capital to our operating segments. it is also a significant performance measure in our annual incentive compensation programs. additionally, we believe that adjusted ebitda is useful to investors because it is one of the bases for comparing our operating performance with that of other companies in our industries, although our measure of consolidated adjusted ebitda may not be directly comparable to similar measures used by other companies. we reconcile consolidated adjusted ebitda to net income attributable to comcast corporation. this measure should not be considered a substitute for operating income (loss), net income (loss), net income (loss) attributable to comcast corporation, or net cash provided by operating activities that we have reported in accordance with gaap.
reconciliation from net income attributable to comcast corporation to adjusted ebitda year ended december 31 (in millions)                                                                           2018                             2017                             2016
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable subsidiary preferred stock                   131                              187                              350
income tax (benefit) expense                                                                                  3,380                           (7,569          )                 5,298
investment and other (income) loss, net                                                                         225                             (421          )                  (437          )
other operating gains                                                                                          (341          )                  (442          )                     -
adjustment for sky transaction-related costs                                                                    355                                -                                -
adjustment for legal settlement                                                                                 125                              250                                -
adjusted ebitda                                                                                             $30,165                          $27,956                          $26,257
liquidity and capital resources our businesses generate significant cash flows from operating activities. we believe that we will be able to continue to meet our current and long-term liquidity and capital requirements, including fixed charges, through our cash flows from operating activities; existing cash, cash equivalents and investments; available borrowings under our existing credit facilities; and our ability to obtain future external financing. we anticipate that we will continue to use a substantial portion of our cash flows in repaying our debt obligations, funding our capital expenditures, investing in business opportunities and returning capital to shareholders.
we also maintain significant availability under our revolving credit facilities and our commercial paper programs to meet our short-term liquidity requirements. our commercial paper programs provide a lower-cost source of borrowing to fund our short-term working capital requirements. see note 7 to comcast's consolidated financial statements for additional information on the comcast, nbcuniversal enterprise and sky revolving credit facilities and the related guarantees. as of december 31, 2018, amounts available under our consolidated revolving credit facilities, net of amounts outstanding under our commercial paper programs and outstanding letters of credit, totaled $9.2 billion, which included $0.9 billion available under the nbcuniversal enterprise revolving credit facility and $0.7 billion available under the sky revolving credit facility.
in the fourth quarter of 2018, we acquired a 100% interest in sky for total cash consideration of £30.2 billion (approximately $39.4 billion using the exchange rates on the purchase dates). to finance the acquisition, we used funds from unsecured term loans and senior unsecured fixed and floating rate notes. the unsecured term loans and senior notes are guaranteed by comcast cable and nbcuniversal. the remaining amount of consideration was funded using cash on hand. as of october 9, 2018, sky had outstanding indebtedness that is now consolidated in our financial statements with an aggregate fair value of approximately $11.2 billion using the exchange rates as of such date, which is not guaranteed by us, comcast cable or nbcuniversal as of december 31, 2018.
we, nbcuniversal and comcast cable are subject to the covenants and restrictions set forth in the indentures governing our public debt securities and in the credit agreements governing the comcast revolving credit facility. the financial covenant in the credit facility pertains to leverage, which is the ratio of debt to ebitda, as defined in the credit facility. we test for compliance with this financial covenant on an ongoing basis. as of december 31, 2018, we met this financial covenant by a significant margin. we do not expect to have to reduce debt or improve operating results in order to continue to comply with this financial covenant. in addition, the sky revolving credit facility contains two financial covenants, a ratio of net debt to ebitda and a ratio of ebitda to net interest payable, as defined in the sky credit facility. the universal studios japan term loans also contain certain financial covenants. as of december 31, 2018, sky and universal studios japan were in compliance with all of these covenants.
comcast 2018 annual report on form 10-k   55
operating activities components of net cash provided by operating activities year ended december 31 (in millions)                            2018                    2017                    2016
depreciation, amortization and other operating gains          10,676                   9,688                   9,426
changes in operating assets and liabilities                   (1,313       )            (546       )          (1,404       )
proceeds from investments and other                              351                     227                     456
net cash provided by operating activities                    $24,297                 $21,261                 $19,691
the variance in changes in operating assets and liabilities in 2018 compared to 2017 was primarily related to the timing of film and television costs at sky, our broadcast of the 2018 pyeongchang olympics and continued growth in our wireless phone service offering, partially offset by our broadcast of the 2018 super bowl. the variance in changes in operating assets and liabilities in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily due to the timing of film and television production spending and related costs, net of amortization; the recognition of deferred revenue associated with our broadcast of the 2016 rio olympics; the payment in 2016 of a tax receivable agreement that dreamworks animation entered into with one of its former stockholders; and the launch in 2017 of our wireless phone service offering.
the increases in interest payments in 2018 and 2017 were primarily due to higher levels of debt outstanding, including the issuance of new debt in 2018 associated with the financing of the sky transaction.
the decrease in income tax payments in 2018 was primarily due to federal income tax overpayments of $824 million related to the 2017 tax year that were applied to reduce tax payments in the current year, as well as a reduction in the federal income tax rate and additional depreciation deductions allowed under the 2017 tax act. this decrease was partially offset by higher taxable income from operations in the current year. the increase in income tax payments in 2017 was primarily due to higher taxable income from operations and payments associated with tax disputes, partially offset by tax deductions resulting from our senior notes exchange and additional depreciation deductions allowed under the 2017 tax act.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities in 2018 consisted primarily of cash paid for acquisitions, cash paid for capital expenditures, cash paid for intangible assets and purchases of investments. net cash used in investing activities in 2017 consisted primarily of cash paid for capital expenditures, purchases of investments and intangible assets. net cash used in investing activities in 2016 consisted primarily of cash paid for capital expenditures, acquisitions, deposits, purchase of investments and intangible assets.
acquisitions, net of cash acquired in the fourth quarter 2018, we acquired sky through a series of transactions.
in august 2016, we acquired all of the outstanding stock of dreamworks animation.
capital expenditures our most significant recurring investing activity has been capital expenditures in our cable communications segment, and we expect that this will continue in the future. the table below summarizes the capital expenditures we incurred in our cable communications segment in 2018, 2017 and 2016.
customer premise equipment                $2,917          $3,337          $3,665
scalable infrastructure                    2,555           2,369           1,827
support capital                              760             879             896
cable communications capital expenditures decreased 3.0% in 2018 primarily due to decreases in spending on customer premise equipment and support capital, which were partially offset by increases due to our continued investment in scalable infrastructure and increased investment in line extensions for the expansion of business services. cable communications capital expenditures increased 4.7% in 2017 primarily due to continued investment in scalable infrastructure to increase network capacity and increased investment in line extensions for the expansion of business services and residential. the increase in 2017 was partially offset by a decrease in spending on customer premise equipment and support capital.
56      comcast 2018 annual report on form 10-k capital expenditures in our nbcuniversal segments increased 15.2% to $1.7 billion in 2018 primarily due to an increase in spending at our universal theme parks. capital expenditures in our nbcuniversal segments increased 3.4% to $1.5 billion in 2017 primarily due to continued investment at our theme parks segment, which was partially offset by the timing of real estate and infrastructure investment.
capital expenditures in our sky segment from october 9, 2018 to december 31, 2018 totaled $222 million, reflecting continued deployment of sky q.
we expect our capital expenditures for 2019 will be focused on continued investment in scalable infrastructure to increase network capacity in our cable communications segment; increased investment in line extensions for the expansion of both business services and residential; and the continued deployment of wireless gateways, our x1 platform, cloud dvr technology, sky q and international ott platforms. in addition, we expect to continue to invest in existing and new attractions at our universal theme parks. capital expenditures for subsequent years will depend on numerous factors, including acquisitions, competition, changes in technology, regulatory changes, the timing and rate of deployment of new services, the capacity required for existing services, and the timing of new attractions at our theme parks.
cash paid for intangible assets in 2018, cash paid for intangible assets consisted primarily of expenditures for software in our cable communication segment, and to a lesser extent, our nbcuniversal segment. cash paid for intangible assets in 2017 and 2016 consisted primarily of expenditures in our cable communications segment.
acquisitions and construction of real estate properties acquisitions and construction of real estate properties in 2018, 2017 and 2016 primarily included the construction of the comcast technology center in philadelphia, pennsylvania.
construction of universal beijing resort construction of universal beijing resort in 2018 and 2017 primarily included costs related to the construction of the universal theme park and resort in beijing, china.
proceeds from sales of businesses and investments proceeds from sales of businesses and investments in 2016 were primarily related to the sale of our investment in the weather channel's product and technology business.
purchases of investments purchases of investments in 2018 were primarily related to capital contributions to atairos and nbcuniversal's capital contributions to hulu. purchases of investments in 2017 were primarily related to capital contributions to atairos, our investment in snap inc. and nbcuniversal's capital contributions in hulu. purchases of investments in 2016 were primarily related to capital contributions to atairos and nbcuniversal's investment in buzzfeed, inc.
deposits on april 13, 2017, the federal communications commission ("fcc") announced the results of its spectrum auction. in connection with the auction, we acquired the rights to $1.7 billion of spectrum. we had previously made a deposit of $1.8 billion to participate in the auction in 2016 and received a refund for amounts in excess of the purchase price in 2017.
other other investing activities in 2018 were primarily related to proceeds received from the sale of an investment and proceeds from the settlement of derivative contracts. other investing activities in 2017 were primarily related to proceeds of $482 million received by nbcuniversal in the fcc auction for the relinquishment of spectrum rights (see note 8 to comcast's consolidated financial statements and note 7 to nbcuniversal's consolidated financial statements).
financing activities net cash provided by financing activities in 2018 consisted primarily of proceeds from borrowings, including the financing of the sky acquisition, which were partially offset by repayments of debt, repurchases of common stock under our share repurchase program and employee plans, and dividend payments. net cash used in financing activities in 2017 and 2016 consisted primarily of repayments of debt, repurchases of common stock under our repurchase program and employee plans, and dividend payments, which were partially offset by proceeds from borrowings. proceeds from borrowings fluctuate from year to year based on the amounts paid to fund acquisitions, including sky in 2018, and debt repayments. net cash used in financing activities in 2017 also included the purchase of the remaining 49% noncontrolling interests in universal studios japan. net cash used in financing activities in 2016 also included our purchase of the remaining noncontrolling interest in comcast spectacor.
comcast 2018 annual report on form 10-k   57
we have made, and may from time to time in the future make, optional repayments on our debt obligations, which may include repurchases or exchanges of our outstanding public notes and debentures, depending on various factors, such as market conditions. see note 7 to comcast's consolidated financial statements and note 6 to nbcuniversal's consolidated financial statements for additional information on our financing activities.
share repurchases and dividends in 2018, we repurchased a total of 140 million shares of our class a common stock for $5.0 billion under our share repurchase program authorization. effective january 1, 2017, our board of directors increased our share repurchase program authorization to a total of $12.0 billion, which does not have an expiration date. as of december 31, 2018, $2.0 billion remained under this authorization. under the authorization, we may repurchase shares in the open market or in private transactions. we plan to pause our common stock repurchase program in 2019 to accelerate the reduction of indebtedness we incurred in connection with the acquisition of sky.
the chart below summarizes our share repurchases under our publicly announced share repurchase program authorization and dividends paid in 2018, 2017 and 2016. in addition, we paid $320 million, $435 million and $352 million in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, related to employee taxes associated with the administration of our share-based compensation plans.
capital lease obligations                                               498              52                95                25                 326
other long-term liabilities reflected on the balance sheet(c)         6,012             366             2,941               756               1,949
refer to note 7 and note 17 to comcast's consolidated financial statements.
(b)   purchase obligations consist of agreements to purchase goods and services that are legally binding on us and specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased and price provisions. our purchase obligations related to our cable communications and sky segments, and other business development initiatives include programming contracts with cable networks and local broadcast television stations; contracts with customer premise equipment manufacturers; contracts with communications vendors and multichannel video providers for which we provide advertising sales representation; contracts to
58      comcast 2018 annual report on form 10-k acquire handsets and other equipment; and other contracts entered into in the normal course of business. cable communications' and sky's programming contracts include amounts payable under fixed or minimum guaranteed commitments and do not represent the total fees that are expected to be paid under programming contracts, which we expect to be significantly higher because these contracts are generally based on the number of subscribers receiving the programming. our purchase obligations related to our nbcuniversal and sky segments include commitments to acquire film and television programming, including broadcast rights relating to sporting events, such as the olympics, as well as obligations under various creative talent agreements, including obligations to actors, producers and television personalities, and various other television commitments. purchase obligations do not include contracts with immaterial future commitments.
(c)   other long-term liabilities reflected on the balance sheet consist primarily of subsidiary preferred shares; deferred compensation obligations; and postretirement, pension and postemployment benefit obligations. a contractual obligation with a carrying value of $1.1 billion is not included in the table above because it is uncertain if the arrangement will be settled. the contractual obligation involves an interest held by a third party in the revenue of certain theme parks. the arrangement provides the counterparty with the right to periodic payments associated with current period revenue and, beginning in june 2017, the option to require nbcuniversal to purchase the interest for cash in an amount based on a contractual formula. the contractual formula is based on an average of specified historical theme park revenue at the time of exercise, which amount could be significantly higher than the carrying value. as of december 31, 2018, the value of the contractual obligation was $1.6 billion, based on inputs to the contractual formula as of that date. see note 17 to comcast's consolidated financial statements for additional information related to this arrangement. liabilities for uncertain tax positions of $1.0 billion and the associated interest and penalties are not included in the table above because it is uncertain if or when these amounts will become payable. payments of $2.9 billion of participations and residuals are also not included in the table above because we cannot make a reliable estimate of the period in which these obligations will be settled.
(d)   our contractual obligations do not include our commitment to invest up to $5 billion at any one time as an investor in atairos due to our inability to estimate the timing of this funding. as of december 31, 2018, our remaining commitment is $2.7 billion based on the capital calls received as of that date (see note 10 to comcast's consolidated financial statements).
liabilities recorded on the balance sheet          $126,353
commitments not recorded on the balance sheet        76,377
off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2018, we did not have any material off-balance sheet arrangements that are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.
recent accounting pronouncements see note 9 to comcast's consolidated financial statements and note 8 to nbcuniversal's consolidated financial statements for additional information related to recent accounting pronouncements, including the impact of the adoption of the updated accounting guidance related to revenue recognition.
critical accounting judgments and estimates the preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and the related disclosure of contingent assets and contingent liabilities. we base our judgments on our historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making estimates about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
we believe our judgments and related estimates associated with the valuation and impairment testing of our cable franchise rights and the accounting for film and television costs are critical in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. as a result of the sky transaction, one additional area has been identified as critical in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. the one additional critical accounting judgment and estimate is the valuation of acquisition-related assets and liabilities. management has discussed the development and selection of these critical accounting judgments and estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors, and the audit committee has reviewed our disclosures relating to them, which are presented below. see notes 4, 8 and 12 to comcast's consolidated financial statements for a discussion of our accounting policies with respect to these items.
comcast 2018 annual report on form 10-k   59
valuation and impairment testing of cable franchise rights our cable franchise rights assets result from agreements we have with state and local governments that allow us to construct and operate a cable business within a specified geographic area. the value of a franchise is derived from the economic benefits we receive from the right to solicit new customers and to market additional services in a particular service area. the amounts we record for cable franchise rights are primarily a result of cable system acquisitions. typically when we acquire a cable system, the most significant asset we record is the value of the cable franchise rights. often these cable system acquisitions include multiple franchise areas. we currently serve approximately 6,400 franchise areas in the united states.
we have concluded that our cable franchise rights have an indefinite useful life since there are no legal, regulatory, contractual, competitive, economic or other factors which limit the period over which these rights will contribute to our cash flows. accordingly, we do not amortize our cable franchise rights but we assess their carrying values annually, or more frequently whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may exceed the fair value ("impairment testing").
for the purpose of our impairment testing, we have grouped the recorded values of our various cable franchise rights into our three cable communications divisions or units of account. we evaluate the unit of account periodically to ensure our impairment testing is performed at an appropriate level.
the annual impairment test for indefinite-lived intangible assets allows for the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the asset is less than its carrying amount. an entity may choose to perform the qualitative assessment or an entity may bypass the qualitative assessment and proceed directly to the quantitative impairment test. if it is determined, on the basis of qualitative factors, that the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset is, more likely than not, less than its carrying value, the quantitative impairment test is required. when performing a quantitative assessment, we estimate the fair value of our cable franchise rights primarily based on a discounted cash flow analysis that involves significant judgment. when analyzing the fair values indicated under the discounted cash flow models, we also consider multiples of adjusted ebitda generated by the underlying assets, current market transactions and profitability information.
in 2018, we performed a quantitative assessment of our cable franchise rights. based on this assessment, the estimated fair values of our franchise rights exceeded the carrying value of the northeast, central and west divisions by 29%, 46% and 58%, respectively.
since the adoption of the accounting guidance related to goodwill and intangible assets in 2002, we have not recorded any significant impairment charges to cable franchise rights.
we could record impairment charges in the future if there are changes in long-term market conditions, in expected future operating results, or in federal or state regulations that prevent us from recovering the carrying value of these cable franchise rights. assumptions made about increased competition and economic conditions could also impact the results of any qualitative assessment and the valuations used in future annual quantitative impairment testing and result in a reduction in the fair values of our cable franchise rights. in addition, a future change in the unit of account could result in the recognition of an impairment charge.
film and television costs we capitalize film and television production costs, including direct costs, production overhead, print costs, development costs and interest. we amortize capitalized film and television production costs, including acquired libraries, and accrue costs associated with participation and residual payments to programming and production expenses. we generally record the amortization and the accrued costs using the individual film forecast computation method, which amortizes the costs using the ratio of the current period's revenue to estimated total remaining revenue from all sources ("ultimate revenue"). estimates of ultimate revenue have a significant impact on how quickly capitalized costs are amortized and, therefore, are updated regularly.
our estimates of ultimate revenue for films generally include revenue from all sources that are expected to be earned within 10 years from the date of a film's initial release. these estimates are based on the historical performance of similar content, as well as factors unique to the content itself. the most sensitive factor affecting our estimate of ultimate revenue for a film intended for theatrical release is the film's theatrical performance, as subsequent revenue from the licensing and sale of a film has historically exhibited a high correlation to its theatrical performance. upon a film's release, our estimates of revenue from succeeding markets, including from content licensing across multiple platforms and home entertainment sales, are revised based on historical relationships and an analysis of current market trends.
with respect to television series or other owned television programming, the most sensitive factor affecting our estimate of ultimate revenue is whether the series can be successfully licensed beyond its initial license. initial estimates of ultimate revenue are limited to the amount of revenue contracted for each episode under the initial license. once it is determined that a television series or other owned television programming can be licensed for subsequent platforms, revenue estimates for these platforms, such as u.s. and international syndication, home entertainment, and other distribution platforms, are included in ultimate revenue. revenue estimates for produced episodes include revenue expected to be earned within 10 years of delivery of the initial episode or, if still in production,
60      comcast 2018 annual report on form 10-k we capitalize the costs of programming content that we license but do not own, including rights to multiyear, live-event sports programming, at the earlier of when payments are made for the programming or when the license period begins and the content is made available for use. we amortize capitalized programming costs as the associated programs are broadcast. we generally amortize multiyear, live-event sports programming rights using the ratio of the current period revenue to the estimated ultimate revenue or under the terms of the contract.
capitalized film and television costs are subject to impairment testing when certain triggering events are identified. if the fair value of a production were to fall below its unamortized cost, we would record an adjustment for the amount by which the unamortized capitalized costs exceed the production's fair value. the fair value assessment is generally based on estimated future discounted cash flows, which are supported by our internal forecasts. adjustments to capitalized film production costs were not material in any of the periods presented.
fair value of acquisition-related assets and liabilities we allocate the purchase price of acquired companies to tangible and intangible assets and liabilities based on their estimated fair values. in determining fair value, management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the recorded amounts. management's estimates of fair value are based on assumptions believed to be reasonable but that are inherently uncertain. as part of the estimation process, third-party valuation specialists are engaged to assist in the valuation of certain of these assets and liabilities.
our judgments used to determine the estimated fair value assigned to each class of acquired assets and liabilities, as well as asset lives and depreciation and amortization methods, have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. for instance, the determination of asset lives impacts our results of operations as different types of assets have different useful lives and certain assets may be considered to have indefinite useful lives.
due to the timing of the sky acquisition, the allocation of purchase price is based on preliminary estimates and is subject to change. below is a summary of the methodologies and significant assumptions used in estimating the fair value of certain of sky's assets and liabilities for which preliminary estimates were determined. other assets, such as property and equipment, have been recorded based on historical cost as no better estimate was available as of december 31, 2018.
intangible assets intangible assets primarily consist of our estimates of fair value for finite-lived customer relationships, and indefinite-lived trade names.
customer relationships were valued using a multiperiod cash flow model, a form of the income approach. this measure of fair value requires considerable judgments about future events, including attrition, contract renewal estimates and technology changes.
in determining the estimated lives and method of amortization for finite-lived intangibles, we use a method and life that closely follows the undiscounted cash flows over the estimated life of the asset.
trade names were valued using the relief-from-royalty method, a form of the income approach. this measure of fair value requires considerable judgment about the value a market participant would be willing to pay in order to achieve the benefits associated with the trade name.
contractual obligations contractual obligations were adjusted to market rates using a combination of discounted cash flows and market assumptions, when available.