item 1a.  risk factors in addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the following factors, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or results of operations in future periods. the risks described below are not the only risks facing our company. additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations in future periods.
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") is intended to help the reader understand the coca-cola company, our operations and our present business environment. md&a is provided as a supplement to - and should be read in conjunction with - our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto contained in "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this report. this overview summarizes the md&a, which includes the following sections:
•   our business - a general description of our business and the nonalcoholic beverage segment of the commercial beverage industry; our objective; our strategic priorities; our core capabilities; and challenges and risks of our business.
•   critical accounting policies and estimates - a discussion of accounting policies that require critical judgments and estimates.
•   operations review - an analysis of our company's consolidated results of operations for the three years presented in our consolidated financial statements. except to the extent that differences among our operating segments are material to an understanding of our business as a whole, we present the discussion on a consolidated basis.
•   liquidity, capital resources and financial position - an analysis of cash flows; off-balance sheet arrangements and aggregate contractual obligations; foreign exchange; the impact of inflation and changing prices; and an overview of financial position.
our business general the coca-cola company is the world's largest nonalcoholic beverage company. we own or license and market more than 500 nonalcoholic beverage brands, which we group into the following category clusters: sparkling soft drinks; water, enhanced water and sports drinks; juice, dairy and plant-based beverages; tea and coffee; and energy drinks. we own and market four of the world's top five nonalcoholic sparkling soft drink brands: coca-cola, diet coke, fanta and sprite. finished beverage products bearing our trademarks, sold in the united states since 1886, are now sold in more than 200 countries and territories.
we make our branded beverage products available to consumers throughout the world through our independent bottling partners, distributors, wholesalers and retailers as well as company-owned or -controlled bottling and distribution operations - the world's largest beverage distribution system. beverages bearing trademarks owned by or licensed to us account for more than 1.9 billion of the approximately 61 billion servings of all beverages consumed worldwide every day.
we believe our success depends on our ability to connect with consumers by providing them with a wide variety of beverage choices to meet their desires, needs and lifestyle choices. our success further depends on the ability of our people to execute effectively, every day.
our company markets, manufactures and sells:
•   beverage concentrates, sometimes referred to as "beverage bases," and syrups, including fountain syrups (we refer to this part of our business as our "concentrate business" or "concentrate operations"); and
•   finished sparkling soft drinks and other nonalcoholic beverages (we refer to this part of our business as our "finished product business" or "finished product operations").
generally, finished product operations generate higher net operating revenues but lower gross profit margins than concentrate operations.
in our domestic and international concentrate operations, we typically generate net operating revenues by selling concentrates, syrups and certain finished beverages to authorized bottling operations (to which we typically refer as our "bottlers" or our "bottling partners"). our bottling partners either combine the concentrates with sweeteners (depending on the product), still water and/or sparkling water, or combine the syrups with sparkling water to produce finished beverages. the finished beverages are packaged in authorized containers, such as cans and refillable and nonrefillable glass and plastic bottles, bearing our trademarks or trademarks licensed to us and are then sold to retailers directly or, in some cases, through wholesalers or other bottlers. in addition, outside the united states, our bottling partners are typically authorized to manufacture fountain syrups, using our concentrate, which they sell to fountain retailers for use in producing beverages for immediate consumption, or to authorized fountain wholesalers who in turn sell and distribute the fountain syrups to fountain retailers. our concentrate operations are included in our geographic operating segments.
our finished product operations generate net operating revenues by selling sparkling soft drinks and a variety of other finished nonalcoholic beverages, such as water, enhanced water and sports drinks; juice, dairy and plant-based beverages; tea and coffee; and energy drinks, to retailers or to distributors and wholesalers who distribute them to retailers. these operations consist primarily of company-owned or -controlled bottling, sales and distribution operations, which are included in our bottling investments operating segment. in certain markets, the company also operates non-bottling finished product operations in which we sell finished beverages to distributors and wholesalers that are generally not one of the company's bottling partners. these operations are generally included in one of our geographic operating segments. in the united states, we manufacture fountain syrups and sell them to fountain retailers, who use the fountain syrups to produce beverages for immediate consumption, or to authorized fountain wholesalers or bottling partners who resell the fountain syrups to fountain retailers. these fountain syrup sales are included in our north america operating segment.
the following table sets forth the percentage of total net operating revenues related to concentrate operations and finished product operations:
the following table sets forth the percentage of total worldwide unit case volume related to concentrate operations and finished product operations:
the nonalcoholic beverage segment of the commercial beverage industry we operate in the highly competitive nonalcoholic beverage segment of the commercial beverage industry. we face strong competition from numerous other general and specialty beverage companies. we, along with other beverage companies, are affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, cost to manufacture and distribute products, consumer spending, economic conditions, availability and quality of water, consumer preferences, inflation, political climate, local and national laws and regulations, foreign currency fluctuations, fuel prices and weather patterns.
our objective our objective is to use our formidable assets - our brands, financial strength, unrivaled distribution system, global reach, and the talent and strong commitment of our management and associates - to achieve long-term sustainable growth. to accomplish our objective, we are focused on:
◦   turning our passion for consumers into drinks people come back to again and again, whether that means less sugar, more vitamins, or exciting new flavors
◦   building relevant brands people love and scaling them around the world quickly and consistently
◦   using the coca-cola system advantage to put our drinks in more hands in more places more quickly than anyone else
•   doing business the right way, not just the easy way
◦   being leaders in responsible water use and giving back to nature and communities
◦   contributing to the elimination of waste, including through package innovation, sharing of package innovation and recycling initiatives
◦   caring for people and communities, with a special focus on women's economic empowerment
◦   building an inclusive culture of curiosity and empowerment where diverse perspectives are essential as we strive for progress, not perfection strategic priorities we have five strategic priorities designed to help us achieve our objective. these strategic priorities are accelerating growth of a consumer-centric brand portfolio; driving our revenue growth algorithm; strengthening the coca-cola system; digitizing the enterprise; and unlocking the power of our people. in order to execute on these strategic priorities, we must further enhance our core capabilities of consumer marketing, commercial leadership and franchise leadership.
core capabilities consumer marketing marketing investments are designed to enhance consumer awareness of, and increase consumer preference for, our brands. successful marketing investments produce long-term growth in unit case volume, per capita consumption and our share of worldwide nonalcoholic beverage sales. through our relationships with our bottling partners and those who sell our products in the marketplace, we create and implement integrated marketing programs, both globally and locally, that are designed to heighten consumer awareness of and product appeal for our brands. in developing a strategy for a company brand, we conduct product and packaging research, establish brand positioning, develop precise consumer communications and solicit consumer feedback. our integrated marketing activities include, but are not limited to, advertising, point-of-sale merchandising and sales promotions.
we are focusing on marketing strategies to drive volume growth in emerging markets, increase our brand value in developing markets and grow net revenues and profit in our developed markets. in emerging markets, we are investing in infrastructure programs that drive volume through increased access to consumers. in developing markets, where consumer access has largely been established, our focus is on differentiating our brands. in our developed markets, we continue to invest in brands and infrastructure programs but generally at a slower rate than gross profit growth.
commercial leadership the coca-cola system has millions of customers around the world who sell or serve our products directly to consumers. we focus on enhancing value for our customers and providing solutions to grow their beverage businesses. our approach includes understanding each customer's business and needs - whether that customer is a sophisticated retailer in a developed market or a kiosk owner in an emerging market. we focus on ensuring that our customers have the right product and package offerings and the right promotional tools to deliver enhanced value to themselves and the company. we are constantly looking to build new beverage consumption occasions in our customers' outlets through unique and innovative consumer experiences, product availability and delivery systems, and beverage merchandising and displays. we participate in brand-building initiatives with our customers in order to drive consumer preference for our brands. through our commercial leadership initiatives, we embed ourselves further into our retail customers' businesses while developing strategies for better execution at the point of sale.
franchise leadership we must continue to improve our franchise leadership capabilities to give our company and our bottling partners the ability to grow together through shared values, aligned incentives and a sense of urgency and flexibility that supports consumers' always changing needs and tastes. the financial health and success of our bottling partners are critical components of the company's success. we work with our bottling partners to identify processes that enable us to quickly achieve scale and efficiencies, and we share best practices throughout the bottling system. with our bottling partners, we work to produce differentiated beverages and packages that are appropriate for the right channels and consumers. we also design business models in specific markets to ensure that we appropriately share the value created by our beverages with our bottling partners. we must also continue to build a supply chain network that leverages the size and scale of the coca-cola system to gain a competitive advantage.
challenges and risks being global provides unique opportunities for our company. challenges and risks accompany those opportunities. our management has identified certain challenges and risks that demand the attention of the nonalcoholic beverage segment of the commercial beverage industry and our company. of these, five key challenges and risks are discussed below.
obesity the rates of obesity affecting communities, cultures and countries worldwide continue to be too high. there is growing concern among consumers, public health professionals and government agencies about the health problems associated with obesity. this concern represents a significant challenge to our industry. we understand and recognize that obesity is a complex public health challenge and are committed to being a part of the solution.
we recognize the uniqueness of consumers' lifestyles and dietary choices. commercially, we continue to:
•   offer reduced-, low- and no-calorie beverage options;
•   provide transparent nutrition information, featuring calories on the front of most of our packages;
•   market responsibly, including no advertising targeted to children under 12.
the heritage of our company is to lead, and innovation is critical for leadership. as such, we are resolute in continuing to innovate and are committed to partnering to find winning solutions in the area of noncaloric sweeteners. this includes working to reduce sugar and calories in many of our beverages. we want to be a more helpful and credible partner in the fight against obesity. across the coca-cola system, we are mobilizing our assets in marketing and in community outreach to increase awareness and spur action.
evolving consumer preferences we are impacted by shifting consumer demographics and needs, on-the-go lifestyles and consumers who are empowered with more information than ever. as a consequence of these changes, many consumers want more choices, personalization, a focus on sustainability and recyclability, and transparency related to our products and packaging. we are committed to meeting their needs and to generating new growth through our portfolio of more than 500 brands and more than 4,300 beverage products (including more than 1,400 low- and no-calorie products), new product offerings, innovative and sustainable packaging, and ingredient education efforts. we are also committed to continuing to expand the variety of choices we provide to consumers and to providing options that reflect consumer concerns about impacts to our planet.
increased competition and capabilities in the marketplace our company faces strong competition from well-established, global companies as well as numerous regional and local companies. additionally, the rapidly evolving digital landscape and growth of e-commerce has led to dramatic shifts in consumer shopping patterns and presents new challenges to competitively maintain the relevancy of our brands. we must continuously strengthen our capabilities in marketing and innovation in order to compete in a digital environment, maintain our brand loyalty and market share while we selectively expand into other profitable categories of the nonalcoholic beverage segment of the commercial beverage industry.
product safety and quality we strive to meet the highest standards in both product safety and product quality. we are aware that some consumers have concerns and negative viewpoints regarding certain ingredients used in our products. the coca-cola system works every day to share safe and refreshing beverages with consumers around the world. we have rigorous product and ingredient safety and quality standards designed to ensure safety and quality in each of our products, and we drive innovation that provides new beverage options to meet consumers' evolving needs and preferences. across the coca-cola system, we take great care in an effort to ensure that every one of our beverages meets the highest standards for safety and quality.
we work to ensure consistent safety and quality through strong governance and compliance with applicable regulations and standards. we stay current with new regulations, industry best practices and marketplace conditions, and we engage with standard-setting and industry organizations. additionally, we manufacture and distribute our products according to strict policies, requirements and specifications set forth in an integrated quality management program that continually measures all operations within the coca-cola system against the same stringent standards. our quality management system also identifies and mitigates risks and drives improvement. in our quality laboratories, we stringently measure the quality attributes of ingredients as well as samples of finished products collected from the marketplace.
we perform due diligence to ensure that product and ingredient safety and quality standards are maintained in the more than 200 countries and territories where our products are sold. we regularly assess the relevance of our requirements and standards and continually work to improve and refine them across our entire supply chain.
ingredient quality and quantity water quality and quantity is an issue that requires our company's sustained attention and collaboration with other companies, suppliers, governments, nongovernmental organizations and communities where we operate. water is a main ingredient in substantially all of our products, is vital to the production of the agricultural ingredients on which our business relies and is needed in our manufacturing process. it also is critical to the prosperity of the communities we serve. water is a critical natural resource facing unprecedented challenges from overexploitation, increased food demand, increasing pollution, poor management and the effects of climate change.
our company regularly assesses the specific water-related risks that we and many of our bottling partners face and has implemented a formal water risk management program. mitigation of water risk forms the basis of our water stewardship strategic framework. this strategy is executed at the local level where we operate and includes the following elements: water use efficiency and wastewater treatment in manufacturing operations; shared watershed protection efforts; engaging local communities; and addressing water resource management in our agricultural ingredient supply chain. such efforts are conducted in collaboration and partnership with others and are intended to help address local needs. many of these efforts help us in achieving our goal of replenishing the water that we and our bottling partners source and use in our finished products. we are also collaborating with other companies, governments, nongovernmental organizations and communities to advocate for needed water policy reforms and action to protect water availability and quality around the world.
through these integrated programs, we believe that our company can leverage the water-related knowledge we have developed in the communities we serve through source water availability assessments and planning, water resource management, water treatment, wastewater treatment systems and models for working with communities and partners in addressing water and sanitation needs. as demand for water continues to increase around the world, we expect continued action on our part to help with the successful long-term stewardship of this critical natural resource, both for our business and the communities we serve.
in addition, increased demand for commodities and decreased agricultural productivity in certain regions of the world as a result of changing weather patterns may limit the availability or increase the cost of key agricultural commodities, such as sugarcane, corn, sugar beets, citrus, coffee and tea, which are important sources of ingredients for our products and could impact the food security of communities around the world. we are dedicated to implementing our sustainable sourcing commitment, which is founded on principles that protect the environment, uphold workplace rights and help build more sustainable communities. to support this commitment, our programs focus on economic opportunity, with an emphasis on female farmers, and environmental sustainability designed to help address these agricultural challenges. through joint efforts with farmers, communities, bottlers, suppliers and key partners, as well as our increased and continued investment in sustainable agriculture, we can together help make a positive strategic impact on food security.
all of these challenges and risks - obesity; evolving consumer preferences; increased competition and capabilities in the marketplace; product safety and quality; and ingredient quality and quantity - have the potential to have a material adverse effect on the nonalcoholic beverage segment of the commercial beverage industry and on our company; however, we believe our company is well positioned to appropriately address these challenges and risks.
see also ''item 1a. risk factors'' in part i of this report for additional information about risks and uncertainties facing our company.
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states ("u.s. gaap"), which require management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. we believe our most critical accounting policies and estimates relate to the following:
•   principles of consolidation
•   recoverability of current and noncurrent assets
•   revenue recognition
•   income taxes management has discussed the development, selection and disclosure of critical accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee of the company's board of directors. while our estimates and assumptions are based on our knowledge of current events and actions we may undertake in the future, actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates and assumptions. for a discussion of the company's significant accounting policies, refer to note 1 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
certain prior year amounts in management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations have been revised to conform to the current year presentation as a result of the adoption of certain accounting standards that became effective january 1, 2018, as applicable. refer to note 1 of notes to consolidated financial statements for further details.
principles of consolidation our company consolidates all entities that we control by ownership of a majority voting interest. additionally, there are situations in which consolidation is required even though the usual condition of consolidation (ownership of a majority voting interest) does not apply. generally, this occurs when an entity holds an interest in another business enterprise that was achieved through arrangements that do not involve voting interests, which results in a disproportionate relationship between such entity's voting interests in, and its exposure to the economic risks and potential rewards of, the other business enterprise. this disproportionate relationship results in what is known as a variable interest, and the entity in which we have the variable interest is referred to as a "vie." an enterprise must consolidate a vie if it is determined to be the primary beneficiary of the vie. the primary beneficiary has both (1) the power to direct the activities of the vie that most significantly impact the entity's economic performance and (2) the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the vie that could potentially be significant to the vie.
our company holds interests in certain vies, primarily bottling operations, for which we were not determined to be the primary beneficiary. our variable interests in these vies primarily relate to equity investments, profit guarantees or subordinated financial support. refer to note 12 of notes to consolidated financial statements. although these financial arrangements resulted in our holding variable interests in these entities, they did not empower us to direct the activities of the vies that most significantly impact the vies' economic performance. our company's investments, plus any loans and guarantees, and other subordinated financial support related to these vies totaled $3,916 million and $4,523 million as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, representing our maximum exposures to loss. the company's investments, plus any loans and guarantees, related to these vies were not individually significant to the company's consolidated financial statements.
in addition, our company holds interests in certain vies, primarily bottling operations, for which we were determined to be the primary beneficiary. as a result, we have consolidated these entities. our company's investments, plus any loans and guarantees, related to these vies totaled $49 million and $1 million as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, representing our maximum exposures to loss. the assets and liabilities of vies for which we are the primary beneficiary were not significant to the company's consolidated financial statements.
creditors of our vies do not have recourse against the general credit of the company, regardless of whether they are accounted for as consolidated entities.
we use the equity method to account for investments in companies if our investment provides us with the ability to exercise significant influence over operating and financial policies of the investee. our consolidated net income includes our company's proportionate share of the net income or loss of these companies. our judgment regarding the level of influence over each equity method investee includes considering key factors such as our ownership interest, representation on the board of directors, participation in policy-making decisions and material intercompany transactions.
we eliminate from our financial results all significant intercompany transactions, including the intercompany transactions with consolidated vies and the intercompany portion of transactions with equity method investees.
recoverability of current and noncurrent assets our company faces many uncertainties and risks related to various economic, political and regulatory environments in the countries in which we operate, particularly in developing and emerging markets. refer to the heading "our business - challenges and risks" above and "item 1a. risk factors" in part i of this report. as a result, management must make numerous assumptions which involve a significant amount of judgment when completing recoverability and impairment tests of current and noncurrent assets in various regions around the world.
we perform recoverability and impairment tests of current and noncurrent assets in accordance with u.s. gaap. for certain assets, recoverability and/or impairment tests are required only when conditions exist that indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. for other assets, impairment tests are required at least annually, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that an asset may be impaired.
our equity method investees also perform such recoverability and/or impairment tests. if an impairment charge is recorded by one of our equity method investees, the company records its proportionate share of such charge as a reduction of equity income (loss) - net in our consolidated statement of income. however, the actual amount we record with respect to our proportionate share of such charges may be impacted by items such as basis differences, deferred taxes and deferred gains.
the assessment of recoverability and the performance of impairment tests of current and noncurrent assets involve critical accounting estimates. these estimates require significant management judgment, include inherent uncertainties and are often interdependent; therefore, they do not change in isolation. factors that management must estimate include, among others, the economic life of the asset, sales volume, pricing, cost of raw materials, delivery costs, inflation, cost of capital, marketing spending, foreign currency exchange rates, tax rates, capital spending and proceeds from the sale of assets. these factors are even more difficult to predict when global financial markets are highly volatile. the estimates we use when assessing the recoverability of current and noncurrent assets are consistent with those we use in our internal planning. when performing impairment tests, we estimate the fair values of the assets using management's best assumptions, which we believe would be consistent with what a hypothetical marketplace participant would use. estimates and assumptions used in these tests are evaluated and updated as appropriate. the variability of these factors depends on a number of conditions, including uncertainty about future events, and thus our accounting estimates may change from period to period. if other assumptions and estimates had been used when these tests were performed, impairment charges could have resulted. as mentioned above, these factors do not change in isolation and, therefore, we do not believe it is practicable or meaningful to present the impact of changing a single factor. furthermore, if management uses different assumptions or if different conditions occur in future periods, future impairment charges could result. refer to the heading "operations review" below for additional information related to our present business environment. certain factors discussed above are impacted by our current business environment and are discussed throughout this report, as appropriate.
investments in equity and debt securities effective january 1, 2018, we adopted accounting standards update ("asu") financial instruments - overall: recognition and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities ("asu 2016-01"), which requires us to measure all equity investments that do not result in consolidation and are not accounted for under the equity method at fair value and recognize any changes in earnings. we use quoted market prices to determine the fair values of equity securities with readily determinable fair values. for equity securities without readily determinable fair values, we have elected the measurement alternative under which we measure these investments at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer. management assesses each of these investments on an individual basis. we recognized a cumulative effect adjustment of $409 million, net of tax, to increase the opening balance of reinvested earnings with an offset to accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ("aoci") as of january 1, 2018 in connection with the adoption of asu 2016-01. refer to note 1 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
prior to the adoption of asu 2016-01, marketable equity securities not accounted for under the equity method were classified as either trading or available-for-sale. both realized and unrealized gains and losses on equity securities classified as trading securities were recognized in net income. for equity securities classified as available-for-sale, realized gains and losses were included in net income. unrealized gains and losses on equity securities classified as available-for-sale were recognized in aoci, net of tax. equity securities without readily determinable fair values were recorded at cost.
our investments in debt securities are carried at either amortized cost or fair value. investments in debt securities that the company has the positive intent and ability to hold to maturity are carried at amortized cost and classified as held-to-maturity. investments in debt securities that are not classified as held-to-maturity are carried at fair value and classified as either trading or available-for-sale. realized and unrealized gains and losses on trading debt securities as well as realized gains and losses on available-for-sale debt securities are included in net income. unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, on available-for-sale debt securities are included in our consolidated balance sheet as a component of aoci, except for the change in fair value attributable to the currency risk being hedged, if applicable, which is included in net income.
the following table presents the carrying values of our investments in equity and debt securities (in millions):
december 31, 2018                                              carryingvalue       percentageof total assets equity method investments                                            $19,407                              23   %
debt securities classified as available-for-sale                       4,993                               6
equity securities with readily determinable fair values                1,934                               2
debt securities classified as trading                                     44                               *
equity securities without readily determinable fair values                80                               *
*   accounts for less than 1 percent of the company's total assets.
equity securities with readily determinable fair values that are not accounted for under the equity method and debt securities classified as trading are not assessed for impairment, since they are carried at fair value with the change in fair value included in net income. similarly, prior to the adoption of asu 2016-01, equity investments classified as trading were not tested for impairment. equity method investments, equity securities without readily determinable fair values and debt securities classified as available-for-sale or held-to-maturity are, and prior to the adoption of asu 2016-01 equity securities classified as available-for-sale and cost method investments were, reviewed each reporting period to determine whether a significant event or change in circumstances has occurred that may have an adverse effect on the fair value of each investment. when such events or changes occur, we evaluate the fair value compared to our cost basis in the investment. we also perform this evaluation every reporting period for each investment for which our cost basis has exceeded the fair value. the fair values of most of our company's investments in publicly traded companies are often readily available based on quoted market prices. for investments in nonpublicly traded companies, management's assessment of fair value is based on valuation methodologies including discounted cash flows, estimates of sales proceeds and appraisals, as appropriate. we consider the assumptions that we believe hypothetical marketplace participants would use in evaluating estimated future cash flows when employing the discounted cash flow or estimates of sales proceeds valuation methodologies. the ability to accurately predict future cash flows, especially in emerging and developing markets, may impact the determination of fair value. in the event the fair value of an investment declines below our cost basis, management is required to determine if the decline in fair value is other than temporary. if management determines the decline is other than temporary, an impairment charge is recorded. management's assessment as to the nature of a decline in fair value is based on, among other things, the length of time and the extent to which the market value has been less than our cost basis; the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer; and our intent and ability to retain the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value.
during 2018 and 2017, we recognized other-than-temporary impairment charges related to certain of our equity method investees of $591 million and $50 million, respectively. refer to note 17 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
the following table presents the difference between calculated fair values, based on quoted closing prices of publicly traded shares, and our company's cost basis in investments in publicly traded companies accounted for under the equity method (in millions):
december 31, 2018                           fairvalue         carryingvalue          difference monster beverage corporation                   $5,026                $3,573              $1,453
coca-cola amatil limited                        1,325                   656                 669
1 the carrying value of our investment in coca-cola bottlers japan holdings inc. ("ccbjhi") exceeded its fair value as of december 31, 2018. based on the length of time and the extent to which the market value has been less than our cost basis and our intent and ability to retain the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value, management determined that the decline in fair value was temporary in nature. therefore, we did not record an impairment charge.
2 formerly known as coca-cola bottling co. consolidated.
other assets our company invests in infrastructure programs with our bottlers that are directed at strengthening our bottling system and increasing unit case volume. additionally, our company advances payments to certain customers for distribution rights as well as to fund future marketing activities intended to generate profitable volume, and we expense such payments over the periods benefited. payments under these programs are generally capitalized and reported in the line item prepaid expenses and other assets or other assets, as appropriate, in our consolidated balance sheet. when facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of these assets or asset groups may not be recoverable, management assesses the recoverability of the carrying value by preparing estimates of sales volume and the resulting gross profit and cash flows. these estimated future cash flows are consistent with those we use in our internal planning. if the sum of the expected future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) is less than the carrying amount, we recognize an impairment loss. the impairment loss recognized is the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value. during the year ended december 31, 2017, the company recorded an impairment charge of $19 million related to ccr's other assets. refer to note 17 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
property, plant and equipment as of december 31, 2018, the carrying value of our property, plant and equipment, net of depreciation, was $8,232 million, or 10 percent of our total assets. certain events or changes in circumstances may indicate that the recoverability of the carrying amount or remaining useful life of property, plant and equipment should be assessed, including, among others, the manner or length of time in which the company intends to use the asset, a significant decrease in market value, a significant change in the business climate in a particular market, or a current period operating or cash flow loss combined with historical losses or projected future losses. when such events or changes in circumstances are present and an impairment test is performed, we estimate the future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset or asset group and its eventual disposition. these estimated future cash flows are consistent with those we use in our internal planning. if the sum of the expected future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) is less than the carrying amount, we recognize an impairment loss. the impairment loss recognized is the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value. we use a variety of methodologies to determine the fair value of property, plant and equipment, including appraisals and discounted cash flow models, which are consistent with the assumptions we believe a hypothetical marketplace participant would use. during the year ended december 31, 2018 and december 31, 2017, the company recorded impairment charges of $312 million and $310 million, respectively, related to ccr's property, plant and equipment. refer to note 17 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
goodwill, trademarks and other intangible assets intangible assets are classified into one of three categories: (1) intangible assets with definite lives subject to amortization; (2) intangible assets with indefinite lives not subject to amortization; and (3) goodwill. for intangible assets with definite lives, tests for impairment must be performed if conditions exist that indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. for intangible assets with indefinite lives and goodwill, tests for impairment must be performed at least annually, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that an asset may be impaired.
the following table presents the carrying values of intangible assets included in our consolidated balance sheet (in millions):
december 31, 2018                                       carryingvalue       percentageof totalassets goodwill                                                      $10,263                             12   %
trademarks with indefinite lives                                6,682                              8
bottlers' franchise rights with indefinite lives                   51                              *
definite-lived intangible assets, net                             168                              *
other intangible assets not subject to amortization               106                              *
*   accounts for less than 1 percent of the company's total assets.
the assessment of recoverability and the performance of impairment tests of intangible assets involve critical accounting estimates. these estimates require significant management judgment, include inherent uncertainties and are often interdependent; therefore, they do not change in isolation. factors that management must estimate include, among others, the economic life of the asset, sales volume, pricing, cost of raw materials, delivery costs, inflation, cost of capital, marketing spending, foreign currency exchange rates, tax rates, capital spending and proceeds from the sale of assets. these factors are even more difficult to predict when global financial markets are highly volatile. the estimates we use when assessing the recoverability of intangible assets are consistent with those we use in our internal planning. when performing impairment tests, we estimate the fair values of the assets using management's best assumptions, which we believe would be consistent with what a hypothetical marketplace participant would use. estimates and assumptions used in these tests are evaluated and updated as appropriate. the variability of these factors depends on a number of conditions, including uncertainty about future events, and thus our accounting estimates may change from period to period. if other assumptions and estimates had been used when these tests were performed, impairment charges could have resulted. as mentioned above, these factors do not change in isolation and, therefore, we do not believe it is practicable or meaningful to present the impact of changing a single factor. furthermore, if management uses different assumptions or if different conditions exist in future periods, future impairment charges could result. refer to the heading "operations review" below for additional information related to our present business environment. certain factors discussed above are impacted by our current business environment and are discussed throughout this report, as appropriate.
intangible assets acquired in recent transactions are naturally more susceptible to impairment, primarily due to the fact that they are recorded at fair value based on recent operating plans and macroeconomic conditions present at the time of acquisition. consequently, if operating results and/or macroeconomic conditions deteriorate shortly after an acquisition, it could result in the impairment of the acquired assets. a deterioration of macroeconomic conditions may not only negatively impact the estimated operating cash flows used in our cash flow models but may also negatively impact other assumptions used in our analyses, including, but not limited to, the estimated cost of capital and/or discount rates. additionally, as discussed above, in accordance with u.s. gaap, we are required to ensure that assumptions used to determine fair value in our analyses are consistent with the assumptions that we believe a hypothetical marketplace participant would use. as a result, the cost of capital and/or discount rates used in our analyses may increase or decrease based on market conditions and trends, regardless of whether our company's actual cost of capital has changed. therefore, if the cost of capital and/or discount rates change, our company may recognize an impairment of an intangible asset in spite of realizing actual cash flows that are approximately equal to, or greater than, our previously forecasted amounts.
we perform impairment tests of goodwill at our reporting unit level, which is one level below our operating segments. our operating segments are primarily based on geographic responsibility, which is consistent with the way management runs our business. our operating segments are subdivided into smaller geographic regions or territories that we sometimes refer to as "business units." these business units are also our reporting units. the bottling investments operating segment includes all company-owned or consolidated bottling operations, regardless of geographic location. generally, each company-owned or consolidated bottling operation within our bottling investments operating segment is its own reporting unit. goodwill is assigned to the reporting unit or units that benefit from the synergies arising from each business combination.
in order to test for goodwill impairment, the company compares the fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying value, including goodwill. if the fair value of the reporting unit is lower than its carrying amount, goodwill is written down for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit's fair value. however, the loss recognized cannot exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. we typically use discounted cash flow models to determine the fair value of a reporting unit. the assumptions used in these models are consistent with those we believe a hypothetical marketplace participant would use. the company has the option to perform a qualitative assessment of goodwill rather than completing the impairment test. the company must assess whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. if the company concludes that this is the case, it must perform the testing discussed above. otherwise, the company does not need to perform any further assessment.
when facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of definite-lived intangible assets may not be recoverable, management assesses the recoverability of the carrying value by preparing estimates of sales volume and the resulting gross profit and cash flows. these estimated future cash flows are consistent with those we use in our internal planning. if the sum of the expected future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) is less than the carrying amount of the asset or asset group, we recognize an impairment loss. the impairment loss recognized is the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value. we use a variety of methodologies to determine the fair value of these assets, including discounted cash flow models, which are consistent with the assumptions we believe hypothetical marketplace participants would use.
we test indefinite-lived intangible assets, including trademarks, franchise rights and goodwill, for impairment annually, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that an asset may be impaired. our company performs these annual impairment tests as of the first day of our third fiscal quarter. we use a variety of methodologies in conducting impairment assessments of indefinite-lived intangible assets, including, but not limited to, discounted cash flow models, which are based on the assumptions we believe hypothetical marketplace participants would use. for indefinite-lived intangible assets, other than goodwill, if the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, an impairment charge is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. the company has the option to perform a qualitative assessment of indefinite-lived intangible assets, other than goodwill, rather than completing the impairment test. the company must assess whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. if the company concludes that this is the case, it must perform the testing described above. otherwise, the company does not need to perform any further assessment.
during 2018, the company recorded impairment charges of $138 million related to certain intangible assets. these charges included $100 million related to bottlers' franchise rights with indefinite lives and $38 million related to definite-lived intangible assets. refer to note 17 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
during 2017, the company recorded impairment charges of $457 million related to certain intangible assets. these charges included $390 million related to goodwill and $33 million related to bottlers' franchise rights with indefinite lives. as a result of these charges, the carrying value of ccr's goodwill is zero. additionally, we recorded impairment charges of $34 million related to venezuelan intangible assets. as a result of these charges, the carrying value of these assets is zero. refer to note 17 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
during 2016, the company recorded charges of $153 million related to certain intangible assets. these charges included $143 million related to the impairment of certain u.s. bottlers' franchise rights and $10 million related to the impairment of goodwill. refer to note 17 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
pension plan valuations our company sponsors and/or contributes to pension and postretirement health care and life insurance benefit plans covering substantially all u.s. employees. we also sponsor nonqualified, unfunded defined benefit pension plans for certain associates and participate in multi-employer pension plans in the united states. in addition, our company and its subsidiaries have various pension plans and other forms of postretirement arrangements outside the united states.
management is required to make certain critical estimates related to actuarial assumptions used to determine our pension expense and obligations. we believe the most critical assumptions are related to (1) the discount rate used to determine the present value of the liabilities and (2) the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. all of our actuarial assumptions are reviewed annually, or more frequently to the extent that a settlement or curtailment occurs. changes in these assumptions could have a material impact on the measurement of our pension expense and obligations.
at each measurement date, we determine the discount rate primarily by reference to rates of high-quality, long-term corporate bonds that mature in a pattern similar to the future payments we anticipate making under the plans.
the company measures the service cost and interest cost components of net periodic benefit cost for pension and other postretirement benefit plans by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve to the plans' projected cash flows.
the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is based upon the long-term outlook of our investment strategy as well as our historical returns and volatilities for each asset class. we also review current levels of interest rates and inflation to assess the reasonableness of our long-term rates. our pension plan investment objective is to ensure all of our plans have sufficient funds to meet their benefit obligations when they become due. as a result, the company periodically revises asset allocations, where appropriate, to improve returns and manage risk. the weighted-average expected long-term rate of return used to calculate our pension expense was 8.00 percent, 8.00 percent and 8.25 percent in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
in 2018, the company's total pension expense related to defined benefit plans was $145 million, which included $107 million of net periodic benefit income and $252 million of settlement charges, curtailment charges and special termination benefit costs. in 2019, we expect our total pension income to be approximately $11 million. we currently do not expect to incur any settlement charges or special termination benefit costs in 2019. the decrease in 2019 expected net periodic benefit income is primarily due to unfavorable asset performance in 2018, partially offset by an increase in the weighted-average discount rate at december 31, 2018 compared to december 31, 2017. the estimated impact of a 50 basis-point decrease in the discount rate would result in a $19 million decrease in our 2019 net periodic benefit income. additionally, the estimated impact of a 50 basis-point decrease in the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets would result in a $23 million decrease in our 2019 net periodic benefit income.
the sensitivity information provided above is based only on changes to the actuarial assumptions used for our u.s. pension plans. as of december 31, 2018, the company's primary u.s. pension plan represented 62 percent of both the company's consolidated projected benefit obligation and plan assets. refer to note 14 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information about our pension plans and related actuarial assumptions.
revenue recognition effective january 1, 2018, we adopted accounting standards codification 606, revenue from contracts with customers ("asc 606"). refer to note 3 of notes to consolidated financial statements. revenue is recognized when performance obligations under the terms of the contracts with our customers are satisfied. our performance obligation generally consists of the promise to sell concentrates or finished products to our bottling partners, wholesalers, distributors or retailers. control of the concentrates or finished products is transferred upon shipment to, or receipt at, our customers' locations, as determined by the specific terms of the contract. once control is transferred to the customer, we have completed our performance obligation, and revenue is recognized. our sales terms generally do not allow for a right of return except for matters related to any manufacturing defects on our part. after completion of our performance obligation, we have an unconditional right to consideration as outlined in the contract. our receivables will generally be collected in less than six months, in accordance with the underlying payment terms. all of our performance obligations under the terms of contracts with our customers have an original duration of one year or less.
our customers and bottling partners may be entitled to cash discounts, funds for promotional and marketing activities, volume‐based incentive programs, support for infrastructure programs and other similar programs. in some markets, in an effort to allow our company and our bottling partners to grow together through shared value, aligned financial objectives and the flexibility necessary to meet consumers' always changing needs and tastes, we work with our bottling partners to develop and implement an incidence-based concentrate pricing model. under this model, the concentrate price we charge is impacted by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, bottler pricing, the channels in which the finished products produced from the concentrate are sold, and package mix. the amounts associated with the arrangements described above are defined as variable consideration under asc 606 and an estimate of which is included in the transaction price as a component of net operating revenues in our consolidated statement of income upon completion of our performance obligations. the total revenue recorded, including any variable consideration, cannot exceed the amount for which it is probable that a significant reversal will not occur when uncertainties related to variability are resolved. as a result, we are recognizing revenue based on our faithful depiction of the consideration that we expect to receive. in making our estimates of variable consideration, we consider past results and make significant assumptions related to: (1) customer sales volumes; (2) customer ending inventories; (3) customer selling price per unit; (4) selling channels; and (5) discount rates, rebates and other pricing allowances, as applicable. in gathering data to estimate our variable consideration, we generally calculate our estimates using a portfolio approach at the country and product line level rather than at the individual contract level. the result of making these estimates will impact the line items trade accounts receivable and accounts payable and accrued expenses in our consolidated balance sheet. the actual amounts ultimately paid and/or received may be different from our estimates.
prior to the adoption of asc 606, we recognized revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement existed, delivery of products had occurred, the sales price was fixed or determinable and collectibility was reasonably assured. for our company, this generally meant that we recognized revenue when title to our products was transferred to our bottling partners, resellers or other customers. title usually transferred upon shipment to or receipt at our customers' locations, as determined by the specific sales terms of each transaction. our sales terms did not allow for a right of return except for matters related to any manufacturing defects on our part. our customers could earn certain incentives which were included in deductions from revenue, a component of net operating revenues in our consolidated statement of income. these incentives included, but were not limited to, cash discounts, funds for promotional and marketing activities, volume-based incentive programs and support for infrastructure programs. in preparing the financial statements, management made estimates related to the contractual terms, customer performance and sales volume to determine the total amounts recorded as deductions from revenue. management also considered past results in making such estimates. the actual amounts ultimately paid may have been different from our estimates. such differences were recorded once they were determined and historically were not significant. refer to note 3 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
income taxes our annual effective tax rate is based on our income and the tax laws in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. significant judgment is required in determining our annual tax expense and in evaluating our tax positions. we establish reserves to remove some or all of the tax benefit of any of our tax positions at the time we determine that the position becomes uncertain based upon one of the following conditions: (1) the tax position is not "more likely than not" to be sustained; (2) the tax position is "more likely than not" to be sustained, but for a lesser amount; or (3) the tax position is "more likely than not" to be sustained, but not in the financial period in which the tax position was originally taken. for purposes of evaluating whether or not a tax position is uncertain, (1) we presume the tax position will be examined by the relevant taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information; (2) the technical merits of a tax position are derived from authorities such as legislation and statutes, legislative intent, regulations, rulings and case law and their applicability to the facts and circumstances of the tax position; and (3) each tax position is evaluated without considerations of the possibility of offset or aggregation with other tax positions taken. we adjust these reserves, including any impact on the related interest and penalties, in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the progress of a tax audit. refer to the heading "operations review - income taxes" below and note 15 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
on september 17, 2015, the company received a statutory notice of deficiency ("notice") from the irs for the tax years 2007 through 2009, after a five-year audit. in the notice, the irs claimed that the company's united states taxable income should be increased by an amount that creates a potential additional federal income tax liability of approximately $3.3 billion for the period, plus interest. no penalties were asserted in the notice. the disputed amounts largely relate to a transfer pricing matter involving the appropriate amount of taxable income the company should report in the united states in connection with its licensing of intangible property to certain related foreign licensees regarding the manufacturing, distribution, sale, marketing and promotion of products in overseas markets.
during the 2007-2009 audit period, the company followed the same transfer pricing methodology for these licenses that had consistently been followed since the methodology was agreed with the irs in a 1996 closing agreement that applied back to 1987. the closing agreement provided prospective penalty protection conditioned on the company's continued adherence to the prescribed methodology absent change in material facts and circumstances and relevant federal tax law. although the irs subsequently asserted, without explanation, that material facts and circumstances and relevant federal tax law had changed, it has not asserted penalties. the company's compliance with the closing agreement was audited and confirmed by the irs in five successive audit cycles covering the subsequent 11 years through 2006, with the last audit concluding as recently as 2009.
the notice represents a repudiation of the methodology previously adopted in the 1996 closing agreement. the irs designated the matter for litigation on october 15, 2015. to the extent the matter remains designated, the company will be prevented from pursuing any administrative settlement at irs appeals or under the irs advance pricing and mutual agreement program.
the company firmly believes that the irs' claims are without merit and is pursuing, and will continue to pursue, all available administrative and judicial remedies necessary to vigorously defend its position. to that end, the company filed a petition in the u.s. tax court on december 14, 2015, and the irs filed its answer on february 12, 2016. on october 4, 2017, the irs filed an amended answer to the company's petition in which it increased its transfer pricing adjustment by $385 million resulting in an additional tax adjustment of $135 million.
on june 20, 2017, the company filed a motion for summary judgment on the portion of the irs' adjustments related to our licensee in mexico. on december 14, 2017, the u.s. tax court issued a decision on the summary judgment motion in favor of the company. this decision effectively reduced the irs' potential tax adjustment by approximately $138 million.
the u.s. tax court trial was held from march 8, 2018 through may 11, 2018. the company and the irs filed and exchanged final post-trial briefs in february 2019. it is not known how much time will elapse thereafter prior to the issuance of the court's decision. in the interim, or subsequent to the tax court's decision, the irs may propose similar adjustments for years subsequent to the 2007-2009 litigation period. while the company continues to strongly disagree with the irs' position, there is no assurance that the u.s. tax court will rule in the company's favor, and it is possible that all or some portion of the adjustment proposed by the irs notice ultimately could be sustained. in that event, the company will be subject to significant additional liabilities for the years at issue and potentially also for subsequent periods, which could have a material adverse impact on the company's financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
the company regularly assesses the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from tax disputes such as this and other examinations for all open years to determine the adequacy of its tax reserves. any such adjustments related to years prior to 2018, either in the litigation period or later, may have an impact on the transition tax payable as part of the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017.
a number of years may elapse before a particular uncertain tax position is audited and finally resolved. the number of years subject to tax audits or tax assessments varies depending on the tax jurisdiction. the tax benefit that has been previously reserved because of a failure to meet the "more likely than not" recognition threshold would be recognized in our income tax expense in the first interim period when the uncertainty disappears under any one of the following conditions: (1) the tax position is "more likely than not" to be sustained; (2) the tax position, amount, and/or timing is ultimately settled through negotiation or litigation; or (3) the statute of limitations for the tax position has expired. settlement of any particular issue would usually require the use of cash.
tax law requires items to be included in the tax return at different times than when these items are reflected in the consolidated financial statements. as a result, the annual effective tax rate reflected in our consolidated financial statements is different from that reported in our tax return (our cash tax rate). some of these differences are permanent, such as expenses that are not deductible in our tax return, and some differences reverse over time, such as depreciation expense. these timing differences create deferred tax assets and liabilities. deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities. the tax rates used to determine deferred tax assets or liabilities are the enacted tax rates in effect for the year and manner in which the differences are expected to reverse. based on the evaluation of all available information, the company recognizes future tax benefits, such as net operating loss carryforwards, to the extent that realizing these benefits is considered more likely than not.
we evaluate our ability to realize the tax benefits associated with deferred tax assets by analyzing our forecasted taxable income using both historical and projected future operating results; the reversal of existing taxable temporary differences; taxable income in prior carryback years (if permitted); and the availability of tax planning strategies. a valuation allowance is required to be established unless management determines that it is more likely than not that the company will ultimately realize the tax benefit associated with a deferred tax asset. as of december 31, 2018, the company's valuation allowances on deferred tax assets were $399 million and were primarily related to uncertainties regarding the future realization of recorded tax benefits on tax loss carryforwards generated in various jurisdictions. current evidence does not suggest we will realize sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character within the carryforward period to allow us to realize these deferred tax benefits. if we were to identify and implement tax planning strategies to recover these deferred tax assets or generate sufficient income of the appropriate character in these jurisdictions in the future, it could lead to the reversal of these valuation allowances and a reduction of income tax expense. the company believes it will generate sufficient future taxable income to realize the tax benefits related to the remaining deferred tax assets in our consolidated balance sheet.
the company does not record a u.s. deferred tax liability for the excess of the book basis over the tax basis of its investments in foreign subsidiaries to the extent that the basis difference, which primarily results from earnings, meets the indefinite reversal criteria. these criteria are met if the foreign subsidiary has invested, or will invest, the undistributed earnings indefinitely. the decision as to the amount of undistributed earnings that the company intends to maintain in non-u.s. subsidiaries takes into account items including, but not limited to, forecasts and budgets of financial needs of cash for working capital, liquidity plans, capital improvement programs, merger and acquisition plans, and planned loans to other non-u.s. subsidiaries. the company also evaluates its expected cash requirements in the united states. other factors that can influence that determination are local restrictions on remittances (for example, in some countries a central bank application and approval are required in order for the company's local country subsidiary to pay a dividend), economic stability and asset risk. refer to note 15 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
the tax reform act was signed into law on december 22, 2017. among other things, the tax reform act reduces the u.s. federal corporate tax rate from 35.0 percent to 21.0 percent effective for tax years beginning after december 31, 2017, transitions the u.s. method of taxation from a worldwide tax system to a modified territorial system and requires companies to pay a one-time transition tax over a period of eight years on the mandatory deemed repatriation of prescribed foreign earnings as of december 31, 2017. the one-time transition tax is based on our total accumulated post-1986 prescribed foreign earnings and profits ("e&p") of approximately $41 billion. most of this amount comprises unremitted foreign earnings, upon which no u.s. federal or state income tax had been accrued, because they were considered to have been indefinitely reinvested. at december 31, 2017, following enactment of the tax reform act, we recorded a provisional $4.6 billion tax reflecting our best estimate of the one-time deemed repatriation tax liability as of december 31, 2017, and a $0.6 billion provisional deferred tax liability related to foreign withholding taxes and state income taxes on earnings no longer considered to be indefinitely reinvested.
during 2018, we recorded a net tax expense from the impact of the tax reform act. as permitted by sab 118, we had recorded provisional adjustments to our reasonable estimate of the impact of the tax reform act during the 2018 measurement period pursuant to our analysis of contemporaneous guidance, interpretations and data, and we have finalized that analysis based on such information available as of december 31, 2018. as such, we recorded an additional $0.3 billion in tax for our one-time transition tax and a tax benefit of $0.3 billion, primarily related to a reduction in deferred taxes on related withholding taxes and state income taxes in 2018. we also remeasured and adjusted certain deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the rates at which they are expected to reverse in the future, which is generally 21.0 percent. this adjustment was not significant. we have not recorded incremental income taxes for any additional outside basis differences of approximately $8.1 billion in our investments in foreign subsidiaries, as these amounts continue to be indefinitely reinvested in foreign operations. determining the amount of unrecognized deferred tax liability related to any additional outside basis differences in these entities is not practicable.
the global intangible low-taxed income ("gilti") provisions of the tax reform act require the company to include in its u.s. income tax return foreign subsidiary earnings in excess of an allowable return on the foreign subsidiary's tangible assets. an accounting policy election is available to either account for the tax effects of gilti in the period that is subject to such taxes or to provide deferred taxes for book and tax basis differences that upon reversal may be subject to such taxes. we have elected to account for the tax effects of these provisions in the period that is subject to such tax and the impact is reflected in our full year provision.
based on current tax laws, the company's effective tax rate in 2019 is expected to be approximately 19.5 percent before considering the potential impact of any significant operating and nonoperating items that may affect our effective tax rate.
operations review our organizational structure as of december 31, 2018 consisted of the following operating segments: europe, middle east and africa; latin america; north america; asia pacific; and bottling investments. our operating structure also included corporate, which consists of two components: (1) a center focused on strategic initiatives, policy and governance and (2) an enabling services organization focused on both simplifying and standardizing key transactional processes and providing support to business units through global centers of excellence. for further information regarding our operating segments, refer to note 20 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
structural changes, acquired brands and newly licensed brands in order to continually improve upon the company's operating performance, from time to time, we engage in buying and selling ownership interests in bottling partners and other manufacturing operations. in addition, we also acquire brands or enter into license agreements for certain brands to supplement our beverage offerings. these items impact our operating results and certain key metrics used by management in assessing the company's performance.
unit case volume growth is a metric used by management to evaluate the company's performance because it measures demand for our products at the consumer level. the company's unit case volume represents the number of unit cases (or unit case equivalents) of company beverage products directly or indirectly sold by the company and its bottling partners to customers and, therefore, reflects unit case volume for both consolidated and unconsolidated bottlers. refer to the heading "beverage volume" below.
concentrate sales volume represents the amount of concentrates, syrups, beverage bases, source waters, and powders/minerals (in all instances expressed in equivalent unit cases) sold by, or used in finished products sold by, the company to its bottling partners or other customers. refer to the heading "beverage volume" below.
our bottling investments operating segment and our other finished product operations typically generate net operating revenues by selling sparkling soft drinks and a variety of other beverages, such as juices, juice drinks, sports drinks, waters, teas and coffees, to retailers or to distributors, wholesalers and bottling partners who distribute them to retailers. in addition, in the united states, we manufacture fountain syrups and sell them to fountain retailers such as restaurants and convenience stores who use the fountain syrups to produce beverages for immediate consumption, or to authorized fountain wholesalers or bottling partners who resell the fountain syrups to fountain retailers. for these consolidated finished product operations, we recognize the associated concentrate sales volume at the time the unit case or unit case equivalent is sold to the customer. our concentrate operations typically generate net operating revenues by selling concentrates and syrups to authorized bottling operations. for these concentrate operations, we recognize concentrate revenue and concentrate sales volume when we sell concentrate and syrups to the authorized unconsolidated bottling operations, and we typically report unit case volume when finished products manufactured from the concentrates and syrups are sold to the customer. when we analyze our net operating revenues we generally consider the following five factors: (1) volume growth (concentrate sales volume or unit case volume, as applicable); (2) acquisitions and divestitures (including structural changes defined below), as applicable; (3) changes in price, product and geographic mix; (4) foreign currency fluctuations; and (5) the impact of our adoption of the new revenue recognition accounting standard. refer to the heading "net operating revenues" below.
we generally refer to acquisitions and divestitures of bottling and distribution operations as structural changes, which are a component of acquisitions and divestitures ("structural changes"). typically, structural changes do not impact the company's unit case volume or concentrate sales volume on a consolidated basis or at the geographic operating segment level. we recognize unit case volume for all sales of company beverage products regardless of our ownership interest in the bottling partner, if any. however, the unit case volume reported by our bottling investments operating segment is generally impacted by structural changes because it only includes the unit case volume of our consolidated bottling operations. refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the company's acquisitions and divestitures.
"acquired brands" refers to brands acquired during the past 12 months. typically, the company has not reported unit case volume or recognized concentrate sales volume related to acquired brands in periods prior to the closing of a transaction. therefore, the unit case volume and concentrate sales volume from the sale of these brands is incremental to prior year volume. we do not generally consider acquired brands to be structural changes.
"licensed brands" refers to brands not owned by the company, but for which we hold certain rights, generally including, but not limited to, distribution rights, and from which we derive an economic benefit when these brands are ultimately sold. typically, the company has not reported unit case volume or recognized concentrate sales volume related to these brands in periods prior to the beginning of the term of a license agreement. therefore, in the year that the licenses are entered into, the unit case volume and concentrate sales volume from the sale of these brands is incremental to prior year volume. we do not generally consider newly licensed brands to be structural changes.
in 2018, the company acquired a controlling interest in the philippine bottling operations, which was previously accounted for as an equity method investee. the impact of this acquisition has been included as a structural change in our analysis of net operating revenues on a consolidated basis as well as for the bottling investments and asia pacific operating segments. the company also acquired a controlling interest in the franchise bottler in oman. the impact of this acquisition has been included as a structural change in our analysis of net operating revenues on a consolidated basis as well as for the bottling investments operating segment.
in 2018, the company refranchised our canadian and latin american bottling operations. the impact of these refranchising activities has been included as a structural change in our analysis of net operating revenues on a consolidated basis as well as for our north america, latin america and bottling investments operating segments. in addition, for non-company-owned and licensed brands sold in the canadian refranchised territories for which the company no longer reports unit case volume, we have eliminated the unit case volume from the base year when calculating 2018 versus 2017 volume growth rates on a consolidated basis as well as for the north america and bottling investments operating segments. refer to the headings "beverage volume" and "net operating revenues" below.
in 2017, anheuser-busch inbev's ("abi") controlling interest in coca-cola beverages africa proprietary limited ("ccba") was transitioned to the company, resulting in its consolidation. the results of ccba have been recorded as discontinued operations. the impact of this transaction has been included as a structural change in our analysis of net operating revenues on a consolidated basis as well as for the europe, middle east and africa operating segment.
also in 2017, the company refranchised its bottling operations in china to the two local franchise bottlers. the impact of these refranchising activities has been included as a structural change in our analysis of net operating revenues on a consolidated basis as well as for our asia pacific and bottling investments operating segments.
throughout 2017 and 2016, the company refranchised bottling territories in the united states that were previously managed by ccr to certain of our unconsolidated bottling partners. the impact of these refranchising activities has been included as a structural change in our analysis of net operating revenues on a consolidated basis as well as for our north america and bottling investments operating segments. in addition, for non-company-owned and licensed brands sold in the refranchised territories for which the company no longer reports unit case volume, we have eliminated the unit case volume from the applicable base year when calculating volume growth rates on a consolidated basis as well as for the north america and bottling investments operating segments.
during 2016, the company deconsolidated its south african bottling operations and disposed of its related equity method investment in exchange for equity method investments in ccba and ccba's south african subsidiary. as part of the transaction, the company also acquired and licensed several brands. the impacts of the deconsolidation, the disposal of the related equity method investment, and the new equity method investments have been included as a structural change in our analysis of net operating revenues on a consolidated basis as well as for our europe, middle east and africa and bottling investments operating segments. the brands and licenses that the company acquired impacted the company's unit case volume and concentrate sales volume and therefore, in addition to being included as a structural change, they are also considered acquired brands.
during 2016, the company also deconsolidated our german bottling operations as a result of their being combined to create ccep. as a result of the transaction, the company now owns an equity method investment in ccep. accordingly, the impact of the deconsolidation and new equity method investment has been included as a structural change in our analysis of net operating revenues on a consolidated basis as well as for our europe, middle east and africa and bottling investments operating segments. the company also changed our funding arrangement with our bottling partners in china, which resulted in a reduction in net operating revenues with an offsetting reduction in direct marketing expense. the impact of the change in the arrangement has been included as a structural change in our analysis of net operating revenues on a consolidated basis as well as for our asia pacific operating segment.
the company sells concentrates and syrups to both consolidated and unconsolidated bottling partners. the ownership structure of our bottling partners impacts the timing of recognizing concentrate revenue and concentrate sales volume. when we sell concentrates or syrups to our consolidated bottling partners, we are not able to recognize the concentrate revenue or concentrate sales volume until the bottling partner has sold finished products manufactured from the concentrates or syrups to a third party or independent customer. when we sell concentrates or syrups to our unconsolidated bottling partners, we recognize the concentrate revenue and concentrate sales volume when the concentrates or syrups are sold to the bottling partner. the subsequent sale of the finished products manufactured from the concentrates or syrups to a third party or independent customer does not impact the timing of recognizing the concentrate revenue or concentrate sales volume. when we account for an unconsolidated bottling partner as an equity method investment, we eliminate the intercompany profit related to these transactions to the extent of our ownership interest until the equity method investee has sold finished products manufactured from the concentrates or syrups to a third party or independent customer.
beverage volume we measure the volume of company beverage products sold in two ways: (1) unit cases of finished products and (2) concentrate sales. as used in this report, "unit case" means a unit of measurement equal to 192 u.s. fluid ounces of finished beverage (24 eight-ounce servings); and "unit case volume" means the number of unit cases (or unit case equivalents) of company beverage products directly or indirectly sold by the company and its bottling partners to customers. unit case volume primarily consists of beverage products bearing company trademarks. also included in unit case volume are certain products licensed to, or distributed by, our company, and brands owned by coca-cola system bottlers for which our company provides marketing support and from the sale of which we derive economic benefit. in addition, unit case volume includes sales by certain joint ventures in which the company has an equity interest. we believe unit case volume is one of the measures of the underlying strength of the coca-cola system because it measures trends at the consumer level. the unit case volume numbers used in this report are derived based on estimates received by the company from its bottling partners and distributors. concentrate sales volume represents the amount of concentrates, syrups, beverage bases, source waters and powders/minerals (in all instances expressed in equivalent unit cases) sold by, or used in finished beverages sold by, the company to its bottling partners or other customers. unit case volume and concentrate sales volume growth rates are not necessarily equal during any given period. factors such as seasonality, bottlers' inventory practices, supply point changes, timing of price increases, new product introductions and changes in product mix can impact unit case volume and concentrate sales volume and can create differences between unit case volume and concentrate sales volume growth rates. in addition to the items mentioned above, the impact of unit case volume from certain joint ventures in which the company has an equity interest but to which the company does not sell concentrates, syrups, beverage bases, source waters or powders/minerals may give rise to differences between unit case volume and concentrate sales volume growth rates.
information about our volume growth worldwide and by operating segment is as follows:
percent change year ended december 31,            unit cases1,2               concentrate sales             unit cases1,2               concentrate sales worldwide                                      2   %                           3   %                     -   %                           -   %
bottling investments                         (15   )       3                 n/a                       (41   )       7                 n/a
1   bottling investments operating segment data reflects unit case volume growth for consolidated bottlers only.
2   geographic operating segment data reflects unit case volume growth for all bottlers, both consolidated and unconsolidated, and distributors in the applicable geographic areas.
3   after considering the impact of structural changes, unit case volume for bottling investments for the year ended december 31, 2018 grew 11 percent.
4   after considering the impact of structural changes, concentrate sales volume for europe, middle east and africa for the year ended december 31, 2018 grew 4 percent.
5   after considering the impact of structural changes, concentrate sales volume for north america for the year ended december 31, 2018 grew 1 percent.
6   after considering the impact of structural changes, concentrate sales volume for asia pacific for the year ended december 31, 2018 grew 5 percent.
7   after considering the impact of structural changes, unit case volume for bottling investments for the year ended december 31, 2017 declined 3 percent.
8   after considering the impact of structural changes, concentrate sales volume for europe, middle east and africa for the year ended december 31, 2017 grew 2 percent.
9   after considering the impact of structural changes, concentrate sales volume for north america for the year ended december 31, 2017 was even.
10 after considering the impact of structural changes, concentrate sales volume for asia pacific for the year ended december 31, 2017 grew 1 percent.
unit case volume the coca-cola system sold 29.6 billion, 29.2 billion and 29.3 billion unit cases of our products in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the unit case volume for 2018, 2017 and 2016 reflects the impact of brands acquired and licensed during the applicable year. the unit case volume for 2018, 2017 and 2016 also reflects the impact of the transfer of distribution rights with respect to non-company-owned brands that were previously licensed to us in north american bottling territories that have since been refranchised. the company eliminated the unit case volume related to these structural changes from the base year, as applicable, when calculating 2018 versus 2017 and 2017 versus 2016 unit case volume growth rates.
sparkling soft drinks represented 69 percent of our worldwide unit case volume for 2018, 2017 and 2016. trademark coca‐cola accounted for 45 percent of our worldwide unit case volume for 2018, 2017 and 2016.
in 2018, unit case volume in the united states represented 18 percent of the company's worldwide unit case volume. of the u.s. unit case volume, 62 percent was attributable to sparkling soft drinks. trademark coca-cola accounted for 43 percent of u.s. unit case volume.
unit case volume outside the united states represented 82 percent of the company's worldwide unit case volume for 2018. the countries outside the united states in which our unit case volumes were the largest were mexico, china, brazil and japan, which together accounted for 31 percent of our worldwide unit case volume. of the non-u.s. unit case volume, 70 percent was attributable to sparkling soft drinks. trademark coca-cola accounted for 46 percent of non-u.s. unit case volume.
unit case volume in europe, middle east and africa grew 2 percent, which included growth of 2 percent in sparkling soft drinks and 3 percent in water, enhanced water and sports drinks. growth in sparkling soft drinks was primarily driven by 2 percent growth in trademark coca-cola and 3 percent growth in trademark fanta. the group reported increases in unit case volume in the central & eastern europe; turkey, caucasus & central asia; and middle east & north africa business units.
the unit case volume growth in these business units was partially offset by a decline in the west africa business unit. volume in the south & east africa and western europe business units was even.
in latin america, unit case volume was even, which included growth of 4 percent in juice, dairy and plant-based beverages and 1 percent in water, enhanced water and sports drinks. sparkling soft drinks volume was even. the group's volume reflected growth of 1 percent in each of the mexico, brazil and latin center business units, offset by a 4 percent decline in the south latin business unit. the growth in mexico's volume was primarily driven by 1 percent growth in sparkling soft drinks and 8 percent growth in juice, dairy and plant-based beverages. the decline in south latin's volume was driven by a 4 percent decline in sparkling soft drinks.
unit case volume in north america grew 1 percent. sparkling soft drinks grew 1 percent, which included growth of 3 percent in trademark sprite and 1 percent in trademark coca‐cola. unit case volume in water, enhanced water and sports drinks grew 2 percent, primarily driven by 2 percent growth in packaged water and 1 percent growth in sports drinks. growth in these category clusters was partially offset by a 3 percent decline in juice, dairy and plant-based beverages.
in asia pacific, unit case volume grew 4 percent, reflecting 4 percent growth in sparkling soft drinks, 5 percent growth in water, enhanced water and sports drinks, and 4 percent growth in tea and coffee. growth in sparkling soft drinks volume included 5 percent growth in trademark coca-cola and 6 percent growth in trademark sprite. volume within the water, enhanced water and sports drinks category cluster included growth of 7 percent in packaged water. the group's volume reflects growth of 6 percent in the greater china & korea business unit, 10 percent in the india & south west asia business unit and 1 percent in the japan business unit. volume in the south pacific and asean business units was even.
unit case volume for bottling investments declined 15 percent. this decrease primarily reflects the impact of refranchising activities, partially offset by growth in india as well as the impact of bottler acquisitions. refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
in europe, middle east and africa, unit case volume grew 1 percent, reflecting an 8 percent increase in tea and coffee, a 5 percent increase in water, enhanced water and sports drinks and a 1 percent increase in sparkling soft drinks. these increases were partially offset by a decrease of 3 percent in juice, dairy and plant-based beverages. the group reported increases in unit case volume in our central & eastern europe, turkey, caucasus & central asia, south & east africa and west africa business units. the increases in these business units were partially offset by even results in both our middle east & north africa and western europe business units.
unit case volume in latin america decreased 2 percent, which included declines of 3 percent in sparkling soft drinks and 1 percent in water, enhanced water and sports drinks. the group's volume reflected declines of 10 percent in the latin center business unit and 6 percent in the brazil business unit. these declines were partially offset by 1 percent growth in the mexico business unit, which included 1 percent growth in water, enhanced water and sports drinks, and even performance in sparkling soft drinks.
in north america, unit case volume was even, reflecting even volume for sparkling soft drinks, a 2 percent decline in water, enhanced water and sports drinks, and growth in energy drinks. north america's volume performance in sparkling soft drinks included 4 percent growth in trademark sprite and 5 percent growth in trademark fanta offset by a 5 percent decline in diet coke.
unit case volume in asia pacific increased 1 percent, reflecting a 2 percent increase in both sparkling soft drinks and juice, dairy and plant-based beverages. the increase in sparkling soft drinks included 4 percent growth in trademark coca-cola. the group's unit case volume reflected an increase of 2 percent in both the asean and greater china & korea business units and a 1 percent increase in the india & south west asia business unit, partially offset by a 2 percent decline in the south pacific business unit. unit case volume in the japan business unit was even.
unit case volume for bottling investments decreased 41 percent. this decrease primarily reflects the north america refranchising activities and the refranchising of our china bottling operations.
concentrate sales volume in 2018, worldwide unit case sales volume grew 2 percent and concentrate sales volume grew 3 percent compared to 2017. in 2017, worldwide concentrate sales volume and unit case volume were both even compared to 2016. the differences between concentrate sales volume and unit case volume growth rates on a consolidated basis and for the operating segments were primarily due to the timing of concentrate shipments, structural changes and the impact of unit case volume from certain joint ventures in which the company has an equity interest, but to which the company does not sell concentrates, syrups, beverage bases or powders. the difference between the unit case volume and concentrate sales volume growth rates in 2018 for both worldwide and europe, middle east and africa included the impact of the dissolution of beverage partners worldwide
("bpw"), a former tea joint venture to whom we did not sell concentrate. the bpw joint venture was replaced by the launch of fuze tea, for which the company produces and sells the related concentrate.
analysis of consolidated statements of income percent change year ended december 31,                                                                                   2018                2017                2016           2018 vs. 2017          2017 vs. 2016
(in millions except percentages and per share data)
gross profit                                                                                            20,086              22,155              25,398                     (9)                   (13)
gross profit margin                                                                                       63.1   %            62.6   %            60.7   %
equity income (loss) - net                                                                               1,008               1,071                 835                     (6)                     28
income from continuing operations before income taxes                                                    8,350               6,742               8,136                      24                   (17)
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                                                   42                  35                  23                      22                     55
the following table illustrates, on a percentage basis, the estimated impact of key factors resulting in the increase (decrease) in net operating revenues on a consolidated basis and for each of our operating segments:
percent change 2018 versus 2017
volume1           acquisitions &amp; divestitures            price, product &amp;geographic mix           currencyfluctuations            accounting changes        total consolidated                             3   %                                   (16   )%                                        2   %       (1                     )%                        2    %   (10     )%
bottling investments                    11                                       (78   )        -                                            -                                                3        (64     )
1   represents the percent change in net operating revenues attributable to the increase (decrease) in concentrate sales volume for our geographic operating segments (expressed in equivalent unit cases) after considering the impact of structural changes. for our bottling investments operating segment, this represents the percent change in net operating revenues attributable to the increase (decrease) in unit case volume after considering the impact of structural changes. our bottling investments operating segment data reflects unit case volume growth for consolidated bottlers only. refer to the heading "beverage volume" above.
refer to the heading "beverage volume" above for additional information related to changes in our unit case and concentrate sales volumes.
"acquisitions and divestitures" refers to acquisitions and divestitures of brands or businesses, some of which the company considers to be structural changes. refer to the heading "structural changes, acquired brands and newly licensed brands" above for additional information related to the structural changes.
"price, product and geographic mix" refers to the change in net operating revenues caused by factors such as price changes, the mix of products and packages sold, and the mix of channels and geographic territories where the sales occurred.
"accounting changes" refers to the impact of our adoption of the new revenue recognition accounting standard. refer to note 3 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
price, product and geographic mix had a 2 percent favorable impact on our consolidated net operating revenues. price, product and geographic mix was impacted by a variety of factors and events including, but not limited to, the following:
•   europe, middle east and africa - favorable price mix in all of the segment's business units as well as favorable product and package mix;
•   latin america - favorable price mix and the impact of inflationary environments in certain markets;
•   north america - favorable pricing initiatives, offset by incremental freight costs;
•   asia pacific - favorably impacted as a result of pricing initiatives as well as product and package mix, offset by geographic mix; and
•   bottling investments - unfavorable price, product and package mix in certain bottling operations, offset by geographic mix.
foreign currency fluctuations decreased our consolidated net operating revenues by 1 percent. this unfavorable impact was primarily due to a stronger u.s. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies, including the argentine peso, mexican peso, brazilian real and australian dollar which had an unfavorable impact on our latin america and asia pacific operating segments. the unfavorable impact of a stronger u.s. dollar compared to the currencies listed above was partially offset by the impact of a weaker u.s. dollar compared to certain other foreign currencies, including the euro, british pound sterling, japanese yen and south african rand which had a favorable impact on our europe, middle east and africa and asia pacific operating segments. refer to the heading "liquidity, capital resources and financial position - foreign exchange" below.
net operating revenue growth rates are impacted by sales volume; acquisitions and divestitures; price, product and geographic mix; and foreign currency fluctuations. the size and timing of acquisitions and divestitures are not consistent from period to period. the company currently expects acquisitions and divestitures to have a favorable impact of 8 percent to 9 percent on full year 2019 net operating revenues. based on current spot rates and our hedging coverage in place, we expect currencies will have an unfavorable impact on our full year 2019 net operating revenues.
the following table illustrates, on a percentage basis, the estimated impact of key factors resulting in the increase (decrease) in net operating revenues on a consolidated basis and for each of our operating segments:
percent change 2017 vs. 2016
volume1             acquisitions &amp; divestitures             price, product &amp;geographic mix             currencyfluctuations             total consolidated                       -         %         (17                               )%                                         3    %        (1                     )%          (15   )%
bottling investments               (3        )         (48                               )                                          4             -                                  (47   )
1   represents the percent change in net operating revenues attributable to the increase (decrease) in concentrate sales volume for our geographic operating segments (expressed in equivalent unit cases) after considering the impact of structural changes. for our bottling investments operating segment, this represents the percent change in net operating revenues attributable to the increase (decrease) in unit case volume after considering the impact of structural changes. our bottling investments operating segment data reflects unit case volume growth for consolidated bottlers only. refer to the heading "beverage volume" above.
price, product and geographic mix had a 3 percent favorable impact on our consolidated net operating revenues. price, product and geographic mix was impacted by a variety of factors and events including, but not limited to, the following:
•   europe, middle east and africa - favorably impacted as a result of pricing initiatives and product and package mix, partially offset by geographic mix;
•   latin america - favorable price mix in all four of the segment's business units and the impact of inflationary environments in certain markets;
•   north america - favorably impacted as a result of pricing initiatives and product and package mix;
•   asia pacific - unfavorably impacted by geographic mix, partially offset by the favorable impact of pricing initiatives and product and package mix; and
•   bottling investments - favorably impacted as a result of pricing initiatives and product and package mix in north america.
foreign currency fluctuations decreased our consolidated net operating revenues by 1 percent. this unfavorable impact was primarily due to a stronger u.s. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies, including the british pound sterling, japanese yen, argentine peso and mexican peso, which had an unfavorable impact on our europe, middle east and africa, asia pacific and latin america operating segments. the unfavorable impact of a stronger u.s. dollar compared to the currencies listed above was partially offset by the impact of a weaker u.s. dollar compared to certain other foreign currencies, including the euro, south african rand, australian dollar and brazilian real, which had a favorable impact on our europe, middle east and africa, asia pacific and latin america operating segments. refer to the heading "liquidity, capital resources and financial position - foreign exchange" below.
information about our net operating revenues by operating segment and corporate as a percentage of company net operating revenues is as follows:
bottling investments                12.1          29.3        1   46.8      1
1 amounts have been adjusted to reflect the reclassification of certain revenue streams from the bottling investments operating segment to the north america operating segment effective january 1, 2018.
the percentage contribution of each operating segment fluctuates over time due to net operating revenues in certain operating segments growing at a faster rate compared to other operating segments. net operating revenue growth rates are impacted by sales volume; acquisitions and divestitures; price, product and geographic mix; foreign currency fluctuations and accounting changes. for additional information about the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, refer to the heading "liquidity, capital resources and financial position - foreign exchange" below and for additional information about acquisitions and divestitures, refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
gross profit margin as a result of our finished goods operations, which are primarily included in our north america and bottling investments operating segments, the following inputs represent a substantial portion of the company's total cost of goods sold: (1) sweeteners, (2) metals, (3) juices and (4) pet. the company enters into hedging activities related to certain commodities in order to mitigate a portion of the price risk associated with forecasted purchases. many of the derivative financial instruments used by the company to mitigate the risk associated with these commodity exposures, including any related foreign currency exposure, do not qualify for hedge accounting. as a result, the changes in fair value of these derivative instruments have been, and will continue to be, included as a component of net income in each reporting period. the company recorded a net loss related to these derivatives of $20 million during the year december 31, 2018 and recorded net gains of $14 million and $79 million during the years ended december 31, 2017 and december 31, 2016, respectively, in the line item cost of goods sold in our consolidated statements of income. refer to note 6 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
our gross profit margin increased to 63.1 percent in 2018 from 62.6 percent in 2017. the increase was primarily due to the impact of divestitures, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and the impact of accounting changes related to the new revenue recognition accounting standard. refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information related to acquisitions and divestitures. refer to note 3 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the adoption of the new revenue recognition accounting standard.
our gross profit margin increased to 62.6 percent in 2017 from 60.7 percent in 2016. the increase was primarily due to the impact of divestitures, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information related to acquisitions and divestitures.
selling, general and administrative expenses the following table sets forth the significant components of selling, general and administrative expenses (in millions):
selling, general and administrative expenses decreased $2,347 million, or 19 percent. the decrease in selling and distribution expenses during 2018 reflects the impact of refranchising activities throughout 2018 and the full year effect of refranchising activities that occurred during 2017. the decrease in other operating expenses during 2018 reflects savings from our productivity and reinvestment initiatives and the impact of refranchising activities throughout 2018 and the full year effect of refranchising activities that occurred during 2017. refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information related to divestitures.
as of december 31, 2018, we had $271 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested stock-based compensation awards granted under our plans. this cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.5 years as stock-based compensation expense. this expected cost does not include the impact of any future stock-based compensation awards. refer to note 13 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
selling, general and administrative expenses decreased $2,716 million, or 18 percent. during the year ended december 31, 2017, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates had a nominal impact on selling, general and administrative expenses. the decrease in selling and distribution expenses and advertising expenses during 2017 reflects the impact of divestitures. additionally, advertising expenses during 2017 decreased 1 percent as a result of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. the decrease in other operating expenses during 2017 reflects savings from our productivity and reinvestment initiatives. foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations had a more significant impact on both advertising and other operating expenses as compared to our selling and distribution expenses since they were generally transacted in local currency. our selling and distribution expenses were primarily related to our company-owned bottling operations, of which the majority of expenses are attributable to ccr and were primarily denominated in u.s. dollars.
bottling investments                     617               1,079             761
in 2018, the company recorded other operating charges of $1,079 million. these charges primarily consisted of $450 million of ccr asset impairments and $440 million related to the company's productivity and reinvestment program. in addition, other operating charges included $139 million related to costs incurred to refranchise certain of our north america bottling operations. these costs include, among other items, internal and external costs for individuals directly working on the refranchising efforts, severance, and costs associated with the implementation of information technology systems to facilitate consistent data standards and availability throughout our bottling systems. other operating charges also included $33 million related to tax litigation expense and $19 million related to noncapitalizable transaction costs associated with pending and closed transactions. refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the refranchising of our bottling operations. refer to note 12 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information related to the tax litigation. refer to note 17 of notes to consolidated financial statements for information on how the company determined the asset impairment charges. refer to note 19 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the company's productivity and reinvestment program. refer to note 20 of notes to consolidated financial statements for the impact these charges had on our operating segments and corporate.
in 2017, the company recorded other operating charges of $1,902 million. these charges primarily consisted of $737 million of ccr asset impairments and $534 million related to the company's productivity and reinvestment program. in addition, other operating charges included $280 million related to costs incurred to refranchise certain of our bottling operations. other operating charges also included $225 million related to a cash contribution we made to the coca-cola foundation, $67 million related to tax litigation expense, $34 million related to impairments of venezuelan intangible assets and $19 million related to noncapitalizable transaction costs associated with pending and closed transactions. refer to note 1 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information about the venezuelan intangible assets. refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the refranchising of our bottling operations. refer to note 17 of notes to consolidated financial statements for information on how the company determined the asset impairment charges. refer to note 19 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the company's productivity and reinvestment program. refer to note 20 of notes to consolidated financial statements for the impact these charges had on our operating segments and corporate.
in 2016, the company recorded other operating charges of $1,371 million. these charges primarily consisted of $352 million due to the company's productivity and reinvestment program and $240 million due to the integration of our german bottling operations. in addition, the company recorded charges of $276 million related to costs incurred to refranchise certain of our bottling operations. the company also recorded a charge of $200 million related to cash contributions we made to the coca‐cola foundation, a charge of $76 million due to the write-down we recorded related to our receivables from our bottling partner in venezuela as a result of changes in exchange rates and charges of $41 million related to noncapitalizable transaction costs associated with pending and closed transactions. in 2016, the company also recorded impairment charges of $153 million related to certain intangible assets. refer to note 1 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the venezuelan exchange rates. refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the refranchising of our bottling operations. refer to note 17 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the impairment charges. refer to note 19 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the company's productivity, integration and restructuring initiatives. refer to note 20 of notes to consolidated financial statements for the impact these charges had on our operating segments and corporate.
operating income and operating margin information about our operating income contribution by operating segment and corporate on a percentage basis is as follows:
bottling investments                (7.5   )        (12.7   )          0.0
information about our operating margin on a consolidated basis and by operating segment and corporate is as follows:
bottling investments               (17.2   )        (9.3   )       0.0
in 2018, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates unfavorably impacted consolidated operating income by 6 percent due to a stronger u.s. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies, including the argentine peso, mexican peso, brazilian real and australian dollar, which had an unfavorable impact on our latin america and asia pacific operating segments. the unfavorable impact of a stronger u.s. dollar compared to the currencies listed above was partially offset by the impact of a weaker u.s. dollar compared to certain other foreign currencies, including the euro, british pound sterling, japanese yen and south african rand, which had a favorable impact on our europe, middle east and africa and asia pacific operating segments. refer to the heading "liquidity, capital resources and financial position - foreign exchange" below.
operating income for europe, middle east and africa for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017 was $3,714 million and $3,625 million, respectively. operating income growth for the segment reflects concentrate sales volume growth of 6 percent and favorable price, product and geographic mix and lower other operating charges, partially offset by increased marketing investments primarily related to key product launches and an unfavorable foreign currency exchange rate impact of 5 percent.
operating income for the latin america segment for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017 was $2,321 million and $2,218 million, respectively. operating income growth for the segment reflects favorable price and product mix and growth in concentrate sales volume of 1 percent, partially offset by an unfavorable foreign currency exchange rate impact of 12 percent.
north america's operating income for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017 was $2,453 million and $2,591 million, respectively. the decrease in operating income was driven by higher freight costs and the impact of structural changes, partially offset by lower other operating charges. the operating margin decrease in 2018 was primarily related to the adoption of the new revenue recognition accounting standard. refer to note 3 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
operating income for asia pacific for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017 was $2,278 million and $2,147 million, respectively. operating income growth for the segment reflects concentrate sales volume growth of 4 percent. foreign currency exchange rates had a nominal impact.
our bottling investments segment's operating loss for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017 was $649 million and $962 million, respectively. the decrease in operating loss reflects lower other operating charges, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of divestitures.
corporate's operating loss for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017 was $1,417 million and $2,020 million, respectively. the operating loss in 2018 was favorably impacted by lower selling, general and administrative expenses as a result of productivity initiatives, lower other operating charges and mark-to-market adjustments related to our economic hedging activities.
in 2017, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates unfavorably impacted consolidated operating income by 3 percent due to a stronger u.s. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies, including the british pound sterling, japanese yen, argentine peso and mexican peso, which had an unfavorable impact on our europe, middle east and africa, asia pacific and latin america operating segments. the unfavorable impact of a stronger u.s. dollar compared to the currencies listed above was partially offset by the impact of a weaker u.s. dollar compared to certain other foreign currencies, including the euro, south african rand, australian dollar and brazilian real, which had a favorable impact on our europe, middle east and africa, asia pacific and latin america operating segments. refer to the heading "liquidity, capital resources and financial position - foreign exchange" below.
operating income for europe, middle east and africa for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016 was $3,625 million and $3,668 million, respectively. operating income for the segment reflects an unfavorable foreign currency exchange rate impact of 3 percent, partially offset by favorable price, product and geographic mix.
operating income for the latin america segment for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016 was $2,218 million and $1,953 million, respectively. operating income for the segment reflects favorable price mix, a reduction in other operating charges and a nominal impact from foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.
north america's operating income for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016 was $2,591 million and $2,614 million, respectively. the decrease in the segment's operating income was due to higher other operating charges and an unfavorable foreign currency exchange rate impact of 1 percent, partially offset by favorable price and product and package mix.
operating income for asia pacific for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016 was $2,147 million and $2,210 million, respectively. the decline in operating income for the segment reflects an unfavorable foreign currency exchange rate impact of 6 percent and unfavorable price, product and geographic mix.
our bottling investments segment's operating loss for the year ended december 31, 2017 was $962 million, compared to operating income for the year ended december 31, 2016 of $1 million. the bottling investments segment was unfavorably impacted by acquisitions and divestitures and $737 million of asset impairment charges related to ccr in 2017.
corporate's operating loss for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016 was $2,020 million and $1,789 million, respectively. the operating loss in 2017 was unfavorably impacted by higher other operating charges.
interest income was $682 million in 2018, compared to $677 million in 2017, an increase of $5 million, or 1 percent. the increase primarily reflects higher interest rates earned on certain investments, partially offset by lower investment balances in certain of our international locations.
interest income was $677 million in 2017, compared to $642 million in 2016, an increase of $35 million, or 6 percent. the increase primarily reflects higher investment balances in certain of our international locations, partially offset by lower interest rates earned on certain investments.
interest expense was $919 million in 2018, compared to $841 million in 2017, an increase of $78 million, or 9 percent. this increase was primarily due to the impact of higher short-term u.s. interest rates, which was partially offset by a net gain of $27 million related to the early extinguishment of certain long-term debt. refer to the heading "liquidity, capital resources and financial position - cash flows from financing activities - debt financing" below and note 11 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information related to the company's long-term debt.
interest expense was $841 million in 2017, compared to $733 million in 2016, an increase of $108 million, or 15 percent. the increase primarily reflects the impact of short-term u.s. interest rates and longer debt maturities, both of which resulted in higher interest rates on the company's debt portfolio. additionally, interest expense during the year ended december 31, 2017 included a net charge of $38 million due to the early extinguishment of certain long-term debt. refer to the heading "liquidity, capital resources and financial position - cash flows from financing activities - debt financing" below and note 11 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information related to the company's long-term debt.
equity income (loss) - net year ended december 31, 2018 versus year ended december 31, 2017
equity income (loss) - net represents our company's proportionate share of net income or loss from each of our equity method investees. in 2018, equity income was $1,008 million, compared to equity income of $1,071 million in 2017, a decrease of $63 million, or 6 percent. this decrease reflects, among other things, the dissolution of our bpw joint venture and the consolidation of ccba. in addition, the company recorded net charges of $111 million and $92 million in the line item equity income (loss) - net during the years ended december 31, 2018 and december 31, 2017, respectively. these amounts represent the company's proportionate share of significant operating and nonoperating items recorded by certain of our equity method investees. refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
in 2017, equity income was $1,071 million, compared to equity income of $835 million in 2016, an increase of $236 million, or 28 percent. this increase reflects, among other items, more favorable operating results reported by several of our equity method investees. additionally, the increase was attributable to the impact of the equity investment in ccep acquired in 2016 and the impact of the equity investment in ac bebidas, s. de r.l. de c.v. ("ac bebidas") that was acquired in 2017. the favorable impact of these items was partially offset by the derecognition of the company's former equity method investment in south africa in 2016. refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
other income (loss) - net other income (loss) - net includes, among other things, the impact of foreign currency exchange gains and losses; dividend income; rental income; gains and losses related to the disposal of property, plant and equipment; gains and losses related to business combinations and disposals; non-service cost components of net periodic benefit cost for pension and postretirement benefit plans; other benefit plan charges and credits; realized and unrealized gains and losses on equity securities and trading debt securities; and realized gains and losses on available-for-sale debt securities. the foreign currency exchange gains and losses are primarily the result of the remeasurement of monetary assets and liabilities from certain currencies into functional currencies. the effects of the remeasurement of these assets and liabilities are partially offset by the impact of our economic hedging program for certain exposures on our consolidated balance sheets. refer to note 6 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
in 2018, other income (loss) - net was a loss of $1,121 million. the company recorded other-than-temporary impairment charges of $591 million related to certain of our equity method investees and charges of $476 million due to the refranchising of certain bottling territories in north america. the company also recorded a net loss of $278 million related to realized and unrealized gains and losses on equity securities and trading debt securities as well as realized gains and losses on available-for-sale debt securities and charges of $240 million related to pension settlements. other income (loss) - net also included net foreign currency exchange losses of $144 million. additionally, we recorded charges of $34 million primarily related to payments made to convert the bottling agreements for certain north america bottling partners' territories to a single form of cba with additional requirements, a net loss of $33 million primarily related to the reversal of the cumulative translation adjustments resulting from the substantial liquidation of the company's former russian juice operations and a $32 million loss related to acquiring a controlling interest in the philippine bottling operations. these charges were partially offset by a net gain of $296 million related to the sale of our equity ownership in corporación lindley s.a. ("lindley") and a net gain of $47 million related to the refranchising of our latin american bottling operations. refer to note 1 and note 4 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on equity and debt securities. refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on refranchising activities, north america conversion payments, the sale of our equity ownership in lindley and the acquisition of a controlling interest in the philippine bottling operations. refer to note 6 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on our hedging activities. refer to note 17 of notes to consolidated financial statements for information on the impairment charges. refer to note 20 of notes to consolidated financial statements for the impact these items had on our operating segments and corporate.
in 2017, other income (loss) - net was a loss of $1,764 million. the company recognized a net charge of $2,140 million due to the refranchising of certain bottling territories in north america and charges of $313 million primarily related to payments made to convert the bottling agreements for certain north america bottling partners' territories to a single form of cba with additional requirements. the company also recorded net charges of $255 million resulting from special termination benefits and curtailment credits primarily related to north america refranchising and the company's productivity and reinvestment program. additionally, the company recorded an other-than-temporary impairment charge of $50 million related to one of our international equity method investees, primarily driven by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. the company also incurred a charge of $26 million related to our former german bottling operations. these charges were partially offset by a gain of $445 million related to the integration of coca-cola west co., ltd. ("ccw") and coca-cola east japan co., ltd. ("ccej") to establish ccbjhi. in exchange for our previously existing equity interests in ccw and ccej, we received an approximate 17 percent equity interest in ccbjhi. the company also recognized a gain of $150 million related to the remeasurement of our previously held equity interests in ccba and its south african subsidiary to fair value upon consolidation of ccba. additionally, the company recognized a gain of $88 million related to the refranchising of our china bottling operations and the sale of a related cost method investment and a gain of $25 million as a result of coca-cola femsa, an equity method investee, issuing additional shares of its stock during the period at a per share amount greater than the carrying value of the company's per share investment. other income (loss) - net also included net gains of $88 million related to trading securities and the sale of available-for-sale securities and $71 million of dividend income, partially offset by net foreign currency exchange losses of $57 million. refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the north america and china bottling refranchising, the conversion payments and our consolidation of ccba. refer to note 20 of notes to consolidated financial statements for the impact these items had on our operating segments and corporate.
in 2016, other income (loss) - net was a loss of $1,265 million. this loss included losses of $2,456 million due to the refranchising of certain bottling territories in north america and a net charge of $139 million resulting from special termination benefits and curtailment credits primarily related to north america refranchising and the company's productivity and reinvestment program. the company also recorded a loss of $21 million due to the deconsolidation of our south african bottling operations and disposal of the related equity method investment in exchange for investments in ccba and ccba's south african subsidiary. the company incurred charges of $31 million related to payments made to convert the bottling agreements for certain north america bottling partners' territories to a single form of cba with additional requirements. additionally, the company incurred net foreign currency exchange losses of $246 million, including a charge of $72 million as a result of remeasuring its net monetary assets denominated in egyptian pounds. the egyptian pound devalued as a result of the central bank allowing its currency, which was previously pegged to the u.s. dollar, to float freely. these losses were partially offset by a gain of $1,323 million due to the deconsolidation of our german bottling operations, dividend income of $55 million and net gains of $83 million related to trading securities and the sale of available-for-sale securities. refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the north america refranchising, the deconsolidation of our south african bottling operations, the conversion payments and the deconsolidation of our german bottling operations. refer to note 20 of notes to consolidated financial statements for the impact these items had on our operating segments and corporate.
income taxes our effective tax rate reflects the tax benefits of having significant operations outside the united states, which are generally taxed at rates lower than the u.s. statutory rate. as a result of employment actions and capital investments made by the company, certain tax jurisdictions provide income tax incentive grants, including brazil, costa rica, singapore and swaziland. the terms of these grants expire from 2019 to 2036. we anticipate that we will be able to extend or renew the grants in these locations. tax incentive grants favorably impacted our income tax expense by $318 million, $221 million and $105 million for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. in addition, our effective tax rate reflects the benefits of having significant earnings generated in investments accounted for under the equity method of accounting, which are generally taxed at rates lower than the u.s. statutory rate.
state and local income taxes - net of federal benefit                         1.5              1.2               1.2
federal tax rate equity income or loss                                                        (2.4   )         (3.4   )          (3.0   )
tax reform act                                                                0.1   3         53.5         4       -
excess tax benefits on stock-based compensation                              (1.2   )         (2.0   )             -
1 includes the impact of pretax charges of $591 million (or a 1.5 percent impact on our effective tax rate) related to other-than-temporary impairments of certain of our equity method investees. refer to note 17 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
2 includes tax expense of $28 million on net pretax charges of $403 million (or a 1.4 percent impact on our effective tax rate) primarily related to the refranchising of certain foreign bottling operations. refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
3 includes net tax expense of $8 million (or a 0.1 percent impact on our effective tax rate) related to the finalization of our accounting related to the tax reform act.
4 includes net tax expense of $3,610 million primarily related to our reasonable estimate of the one-time transition tax resulting from the tax reform act that was signed into law on december 22, 2017, partially offset by the impact of the lower rate introduced by the tax reform act on our existing deferred tax balances.
5 includes net tax expense of $1,048 million on a pretax gain of $1,037 million (or a 10.2 percent impact on our effective tax rate) related to the refranchising of ccr's southwest operating unit ("southwest transaction"), in conjunction with which we obtained an equity interest in ac bebidas. the company accounts for its interest in ac bebidas as an equity method investment and the net tax expense was primarily the result of the deferred tax recorded on the basis difference in this investment. refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
6 includes a $156 million net tax benefit related to the impact of manufacturing incentives and permanent book to tax adjustments.
7 includes tax expense of $97 million related to a pretax gain of $1,323 million (or a 4.5 percent impact on our effective tax rate) related to the deconsolidation of our german bottling operations. refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
8 includes tax expense of $157 million (or a 1.9 percent impact on our effective tax rate) primarily related to amounts required to be recorded for changes to our uncertain tax positions, including interest and penalties, in certain domestic jurisdictions.
as of december 31, 2018, the gross amount of unrecognized tax benefits was $336 million. if the company were to prevail on all uncertain tax positions, the net effect would be a benefit of $182 million, exclusive of any benefits related to interest and penalties. the remaining $154 million, which was recorded as a deferred tax asset, primarily represents tax benefits that would be received in different tax jurisdictions in the event the company did not prevail on all uncertain tax positions.
a reconciliation of the changes in the gross amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows (in millions):
beginning balance of unrecognized tax benefits                                   $331              $302              $168
increase related to prior period tax positions                                     11                18               163       1
decrease related to prior period tax positions                                     (2   )           (13   )             -
increase related to current period tax positions                                   17                13                17
decrease related to settlements with taxing authorities                            (4   )             -               (40   )   1
decrease due to lapse of the applicable statute of limitations                      -                 -                 -
increase (decrease) due to effect of foreign currency exchange rate changes       (17   )            11                (6   )
ending balance of unrecognized tax benefits                                      $336              $331              $302
1   the net increase was primarily related to a change in judgment about one of the company's tax positions as a result of receiving notification of a preliminary settlement of a competent authority matter with a foreign jurisdiction, a portion of which became certain later in the year. this change in position did not have a material impact on the company's consolidated statement of income during the year ended december 31, 2016, as it was partially offset by refunds to be received from the foreign jurisdiction.
the company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. the company had $190 million, $177 million and $142 million in interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits accrued as of december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. of these amounts, $13 million, $35 million and $31 million of expense were recognized through income tax expense in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. if the company were to prevail on all uncertain tax positions, the reversal of this accrual would also be a benefit to the company's effective tax rate.
based on current tax laws, the company's effective tax rate in 2019 is expected to be approximately 19.5 percent before considering the potential impact of any significant operating and nonoperating items that may affect our effective tax rate.
liquidity, capital resources and financial position we believe our ability to generate cash flows from operating activities is one of our fundamental financial strengths. refer to the heading "cash flows from operating activities" below. the near-term outlook for our business remains strong, and we expect to generate substantial cash flows from operations in 2019. as a result of our expected cash flows from operations, we have significant flexibility to meet our financial commitments. the company does not typically raise capital through the issuance of stock. instead, we use debt financing to lower our overall cost of capital and increase our return on shareowners' equity. refer to the heading "cash flows from financing activities" below. we have a history of borrowing funds domestically and continue to have the ability to borrow funds domestically at reasonable interest rates. in addition, our domestic entities have recently borrowed and continue to have the ability to borrow funds in international markets at reasonable interest rates. our debt financing includes the use of an extensive commercial paper program as part of our overall cash management strategy. the company reviews its optimal mix of short-term and long-term debt regularly and may replace certain amounts of commercial paper, short-term debt and current maturities of long-term debt with new issuances of long-term debt in the future. in addition to the company's cash balances, commercial paper program, and our ability to issue long-term debt, we also had $7,895 million in lines of credit for general corporate purposes as of december 31, 2018. these backup lines of credit expire at various times from 2019 through 2022.
we have significant operations outside the united states. unit case volume outside the united states represented 82 percent of the company's worldwide unit case volume in 2018. we earn a substantial amount of our consolidated operating income and income from continuing operations before income taxes from foreign subsidiaries that either sell concentrates and syrups to our local bottling partners or, in certain instances, sell finished products directly to our customers to fulfill the demand for company beverage products outside the united states. a significant portion of these foreign earnings was previously considered to be indefinitely reinvested in foreign jurisdictions where the company has made, and will continue to make, substantial investments to support the ongoing development and growth of our international operations. accordingly, no u.s. federal and state income taxes were previously provided on the portion of our foreign earnings that was considered to be indefinitely reinvested in foreign jurisdictions. on december 22, 2017, the tax reform act was signed into law. the tax reform act reduces the u.s. federal corporate tax rate from 35.0 percent to 21.0 percent effective for tax years beginning after december 31, 2017, transitions the u.s. method of taxation from a worldwide tax system to a modified territorial system and requires companies to pay a one-time transition tax over a period of eight years on the mandatory deemed repatriation of prescribed foreign earnings as of december 31, 2017. as a result, the company recognized a provisional tax charge related to the one-time transition tax in the amount of $4.6 billion in 2017. during 2018, we recognized $0.3 billion of additional provisional transition tax expense. the company's cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and marketable securities held by our foreign subsidiaries totaled $14.4 billion as of december 31, 2018.
net operating revenues in the united states were $11.3 billion in 2018, or 36 percent of the company's consolidated net operating revenues. we expect existing domestic cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, marketable securities, cash flows from operations, the repatriation of foreign earnings and the issuance of debt to continue to be sufficient to fund our domestic operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities. in addition, we expect foreign cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and marketable securities remaining after repatriation, as well as cash flows from operations to continue to be sufficient to fund our foreign operating activities and cash commitments for investing activities.
based on all the aforementioned factors, the company believes its current liquidity position is strong, and we will continue to meet all of our financial commitments for the foreseeable future. these obligations and anticipated cash outflows include, but are not limited to, regular quarterly dividends, debt maturities, capital expenditures, share repurchases and obligations included under the heading "off-balance sheet arrangements and aggregate contractual obligations" below.
cash flows from operating activities net cash provided by operating activities for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 was $7,320 million, $6,930 million and $8,792 million, respectively.
net cash provided by operating activities increased $390 million, or 6 percent, in 2018 compared to 2017. this increase was primarily driven by operating income growth and the efficient management of working capital partially offset by the impact of refranchising bottling operations and higher interest and tax payments. refer to note 11 and note 15 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on interest payments and tax payments.
net cash provided by operating activities decreased $1,862 million, or 21 percent, in 2017 compared to 2016. this decrease was primarily driven by the refranchising of certain bottling operations, the unfavorable impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, one less day in 2017, and increased payments related to income taxes and restructuring. refer to the heading
"operations review - net operating revenues" above for additional information on the impact of foreign currency fluctuations. refer to note 15 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the tax payments.
cash flows from investing activities net cash provided by (used in) investing activities is summarized as follows (in millions):
purchases of investments                                                                          $(7,789   )          $(17,296   )          $(16,626   )
proceeds from disposals of investments                                                             14,977                16,694                17,842
acquisitions of businesses, equity method investments and nonmarketable securities                 (1,040   )            (3,809   )              (838   )
proceeds from disposals of businesses, equity method investments and nonmarketable securities       1,362                 3,821                 1,035
other investing activities                                                                            (60   )               (93   )              (305   )
net cash provided by (used in) investing activities                                                $6,348               $(2,254   )           $(1,004   )
purchases of investments and proceeds from disposals of investments in 2018, purchases of investments were $7,789 million and proceeds from disposals of investments were $14,977 million. this activity resulted in a net cash inflow of $7,188 million during 2018. in 2017, purchases of investments were $17,296 million and proceeds from disposals of investments were $16,694 million, resulting in a net cash outflow of $602 million. in 2016, purchases of investments were $16,626 million and proceeds from disposals of investments were $17,842 million, resulting in a net cash inflow of $1,216 million. the investments purchased in all three years include time deposits that had maturities greater than three months but less than one year and were classified in the line item short-term investments in our consolidated balance sheets. the disposals in 2016 included proceeds from the disposal of the company's investment in keurig green mountain, inc. ("keurig") of $2,380 million. the remaining activity primarily represents the purchases of and proceeds from short-term investments that were made as part of the company's overall cash management strategy as well as our insurance captive investments. refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on our investment in keurig.
acquisitions of businesses, equity method investments and nonmarketable securities in 2018, the company's acquisitions of businesses, equity method investments and nonmarketable securities totaled $1,040 million, which was primarily related to the acquisition of a controlling interest in the philippine bottling operations and an equity interest in ba sports nutrition, llc ("bodyarmor"). additionally, the company acquired additional ownership interests in the company's franchise bottlers in the united arab emirates and in oman, both of which were previously equity method investees of the company. as a result of the additional interest acquired in the oman bottler, we obtained a controlling interest, resulting in its consolidation.
in 2017, the company's acquisitions of businesses, equity method investments and nonmarketable securities totaled $3,809 million, which was primarily related to the transition of abi's controlling interest in ccba to the company for $3,150 million. additionally, in conjunction with the southwest transaction, we obtained an equity interest in ac bebidas. the remaining activity was primarily related to the acquisition of ades, a plant-based beverage business, by the company and several of its bottling partners in latin america, and the acquisition of the u.s. rights to the topo chico premium sparkling water brand from ac bebidas, an equity method investee.
in 2016, the company's acquisitions of businesses, equity method investments and nonmarketable securities totaled$838 million, which was primarily related to our acquisition of xiamen culiangwang beverage technology co., ltd., a maker of plant-based protein beverages in china, and a minority investment in chi limited, a nigerian producer of value-added dairy and juice beverages.
refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information related to our acquisitions during the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016.
proceeds from disposals of businesses, equity method investments and nonmarketable securities in 2018, proceeds from disposals of businesses, equity method investments and nonmarketable securities were $1,362 million, primarily related to the proceeds from the refranchising of our canadian and latin american bottling operations as well as the the sale of our equity ownership in lindley.
in 2017, proceeds from disposals of businesses, equity method investments and nonmarketable securities were $3,821 million, primarily related to proceeds from the refranchising of certain bottling territories in north america and the refranchising of our china bottling operations and related cost method investment.
in 2016, proceeds from disposals of businesses, equity method investments and nonmarketable securities were $1,035 million, primarily related to proceeds from the refranchising of certain bottling territories in north america.
refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information related to our disposals during the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016.
purchases of property, plant and equipment purchases of property, plant and equipment net of disposals for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 were $1,102 million, $1,571 million and $2,112 million, respectively.
total capital expenditures for property, plant and equipment and the percentage of such totals by operating segment and corporate were as follows (in millions):
capital expenditures                  $1,347              $1,675              $2,262
bottling investments                    23.5                39.5                58.8
we expect our annual 2019 capital expenditures to be approximately $2.0 billion as we continue to make investments to enable growth in our business and further enhance our operational effectiveness. the increase in 2019 is primarily the result of the acquisition of costa in january 2019 and the acquisition of a controlling interest in the philippine bottling operations in december 2018.
other investing activities in 2016, cash used in other investing activities was primarily related to the cash flow impact of the company's derivative contracts designated as net investment hedges and the purchases of trademarks.
refer to note 6 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the company's derivative contracts designated as net investment hedges.
cash flows from financing activities net cash provided by (used in) financing activities is summarized as follows (in millions):
purchases of stock for treasury                            (1,912   )          (3,682   )          (3,681   )
other financing activities                                   (243   )             (91   )              79
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities      $(10,552   )         $(7,409   )         $(6,545   )
debt financing our company maintains debt levels we consider prudent based on our cash flows, interest coverage ratio and percentage of debt to capital. we use debt financing to lower our overall cost of capital, which increases our return on shareowners' equity. this exposes us to adverse changes in interest rates. our interest expense may also be affected by our credit ratings.
as of december 31, 2018, our long-term debt was rated "a+" by standard & poor's and "a1" by moody's. our commercial paper program was rated "a-1" by standard & poor's and "p-1" by moody's. in assessing our credit strength, both agencies consider our capital structure (including the amount and maturity dates of our debt) and financial policies as well as the consolidated balance sheet and other financial information of the company. in addition, some rating agencies also consider the financial information of certain bottlers, including ccep, coca-cola amatil limited, coca-cola consolidated, inc. (formerly coca-cola bottling co. consolidated), coca-cola femsa and coca-cola hellenic. while the company has no legal obligation for the debt of these bottlers, the rating agencies believe the strategic importance of the bottlers to the company's business model provides the company with an incentive to keep these bottlers viable. it is our expectation that the credit rating agencies will continue using this methodology. if our credit ratings were to be downgraded as a result of changes in our capital structure, our major bottlers' financial performance, changes in the credit rating agencies' methodology in assessing our credit strength, or for any other reason, our cost of borrowing could increase. additionally, if certain bottlers' credit ratings were to decline, the company's equity income could be reduced as a result of the potential increase in interest expense for those bottlers.
we monitor our financial ratios and, as indicated above, the rating agencies consider these ratios in assessing our credit ratings. each rating agency employs a different aggregation methodology and has different thresholds for the various financial ratios. these thresholds are not necessarily permanent, nor are they always fully disclosed to our company.
our global presence and strong capital position give us access to key financial markets around the world, enabling us to raise funds at a low effective cost. this posture, coupled with active management of our mix of short-term and long-term debt and our mix of fixed-rate and variable-rate debt, results in a lower overall cost of borrowing. our debt management policies, in conjunction with our share repurchase program and investment activity, can result in current liabilities exceeding current assets.
issuances and payments of debt included both short-term and long-term financing activities. in 2018, the company had issuances of debt of $27,339 million, which primarily included $24,253 million of issuances related to commercial paper and short-term debt with maturities greater than 90 days and $3,083 million of net issuances related to commercial paper and short-term debt with maturities of 90 days or less.
during 2018, the company made payments of debt of $30,568 million, which included $27,249 million of payments related to commercial paper and short-term debt with maturities greater than 90 days. the company's total payments of long-term debt were $3,319 million.
in 2017, the company had issuances of debt of $29,857 million, which included issuances of $26,218 million of commercial paper and short-term debt with maturities greater than 90 days and long-term debt issuances of $3,639 million, net of related discounts and issuance costs.
during 2017, the company made payments of debt of $28,768 million, which included $636 million of payments related to commercial paper and short-term debt with maturities of 90 days or less and $24,156 of payments related to commercial paper and short-term debt with maturities greater than 90 days. the company's total payments of long-term debt were $3,976 million. the long-term debt payments included the early extinguishment of long-term debt with a carrying value of $417 million, a portion of which was assumed in connection with our acquisition of coca-cola enterprises inc.'s former north america business ("old cce"). this resulted in a net charge of $38 million that was recorded in the line item interest expense in our consolidated statement of income. this net charge reflects the difference between the reacquisition price and the net carrying amount of the debt extinguished.
in 2016, the company had issuances of debt of $27,281 million, which included net issuances of $773 million of commercial paper and short-term debt with maturities of 90 days or less and $21,525 million of commercial paper and short-term debt with maturities greater than 90 days. the company's total issuances of debt also included long-term debt issuances of $4,983 million, net of related discounts and issuance costs.
during 2016, the company made payments of debt of $25,615 million, which included $22,920 million of payments related to commercial paper and short-term debt with maturities greater than 90 days and payments of long-term debt of $2,695 million.
the carrying value of the company's long-term debt included fair value adjustments related to the debt assumed from old cce of $212 million and $263 million as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. these fair value adjustments are being amortized over the number of years remaining until the underlying debt matures. as of december 31, 2018, the weighted-average maturity of the assumed debt to which these fair value adjustments relate was approximately 19 years. the amortization of these fair value adjustments will be a reduction of interest expense in future periods, which will typically result in our interest expense being less than the actual interest paid to service the debt. total interest paid was $871 million, $757 million and $663 million in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. refer to note 11 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information related to the company's long-term debt balances.
issuances of stock the issuances of stock in 2018, 2017 and 2016 were related to the exercise of stock options by company employees.
since the inception of our initial share repurchase program in 1984 through our current program as of december 31, 2018, we have purchased 3.5 billion shares of our company's common stock at an average price per share of $17.06. in addition to shares repurchased under the share repurchase program authorized by our board of directors, the company's treasury stock activity also includes shares surrendered to the company to pay the exercise price and/or to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with so-called stock swap exercises of employee stock options and/or the vesting of restricted stock issued to employees. in 2018, we repurchased $1.9 billion of our stock. the net impact of the company's treasury stock issuance and purchase activities in 2018 resulted in a net cash outflow of $0.4 billion. in 2019, we expect to repurchase shares to offset dilution resulting from employee stock-based compensation plans.
at its february 2019 meeting, our board of directors increased our regular quarterly dividend by 2.6 percent, raising it to $0.40 per share, equivalent to a full year dividend of $1.60 per share in 2019. this is our 57th consecutive annual increase. our annualized common stock dividend was $1.56 per share, $1.48 per share and $1.40 per share in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the 2018 dividend represented a 5 percent increase from 2017, and the 2017 dividend represented a 6 percent increase from 2016.
off-balance sheet arrangements and aggregate contractual obligations off-balance sheet arrangements in accordance with the definition under sec rules, the following qualify as off-balance sheet arrangements:
•   a retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to an unconsolidated entity or similar arrangement that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support to that entity for such assets;
•   any obligation arising out of a material variable interest held by the registrant in an unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk or credit risk support to the registrant, or engages in leasing, hedging or research and development services with the registrant.
as of december 31, 2018, we were contingently liable for guarantees of indebtedness owed by third parties of $600 million, of which $247 million was related to vies. these guarantees are primarily related to third-party customers, bottlers, vendors and container manufacturing operations and have arisen through the normal course of business. these guarantees have various terms, and none of these guarantees is individually significant. these amounts represent the maximum potential future payments that we could be required to make under the guarantees; however, we do not consider it probable that we will be required to satisfy these guarantees. management has concluded that the likelihood of any significant amounts being paid by our company under these guarantees is not probable. as of december 31, 2018, we were not directly liable for the debt of any unconsolidated entity, and we did not have any retained or contingent interest in assets as defined above.
our company recognizes all derivatives as either assets or liabilities at fair value in our consolidated balance sheets. refer to note 6 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
lines of credit and other short-term borrowings         131                 131                     -                     -                               -
current maturities of long-term debt2                 4,999               4,999                     -                     -                               -
long-term debt, net of current maturities2           25,230                   -                 7,203                 6,463                          11,564
marketing obligations6                                4,260               2,333                 1,035                   458                             434
held-for-sale obligations7                            1,722               1,722                     -                     -                               -
1   refer to note 11 of notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding short-term loans and notes payable. upon payment of outstanding commercial paper, we typically issue new commercial paper. lines of credit and other short-term borrowings are expected to fluctuate depending upon current liquidity needs, especially at international subsidiaries.
2   refer to note 11 of notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding long-term debt. we will consider several alternatives to settle this long-term debt, including the use of cash flows from operating activities, issuance of commercial paper or issuance of other long-term debt. the table above shows expected cash payments to be made by the company in future periods and excludes the noncash portion of debt, including any fair market value adjustments, unamortized discounts and premiums.
3   we calculated estimated interest payments for our long-term debt based on the applicable rates and payment dates. for our variable-rate debt, we have assumed the december 31, 2018 rate for all years presented. we typically expect to settle such interest payments with cash flows from operating activities and/or short-term borrowings.
4   refer to note 15 of notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding income taxes. accrued income taxes include $3,986 million related to the one-time transition tax required by the tax reform act. liabilities of $522 million for unrecognized tax benefits plus accrued interest and penalties were not included in the total above. at this time, the settlement period for these liabilities cannot be determined. in addition, any payments related to unrecognized tax benefits may be partially or fully offset by reductions in payments in other jurisdictions.
5   purchase obligations include agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including long-term contractual obligations, open purchase orders, accounts payable and certain accrued liabilities. we expect to fund these obligations with cash flows from operating activities.
6   we expect to fund these marketing obligations with cash flows from operating activities.
7   represents liabilities and contractual obligations of the company's bottling operations that are classified as held for sale.
the total accrued benefit liability for pension and other postretirement benefit plans recognized as of december 31, 2018 was $1,817 million. refer to note 14 of notes to consolidated financial statements. this amount is impacted by, among other items, pension expense, funding levels, plan amendments, changes in plan demographics and assumptions, and the investment return on plan assets. because the accrued liability does not represent expected liquidity needs, we did not include this amount in the contractual obligations table.
we generally expect to fund all future pension contributions with cash flows from operating activities. our international pension plans are generally funded in accordance with local laws and income tax regulations.
as of december 31, 2018, the projected benefit obligation of the u.s. qualified pension plans was $5,170 million, and the fair value of the related plan assets was $4,842 million. the projected benefit obligation of all pension plans other than the u.s. qualified pension plans was $2,834 million, and the fair value of the related plan assets was $2,567 million. the majority of this underfunding is attributable to an international pension plan for certain non-u.s. employees that is unfunded due to tax law restrictions, as well as certain unfunded u.s. nonqualified pension plans. these u.s. nonqualified pension plans provide, for certain associates, benefits that are not permitted to be funded through a qualified plan because of limits imposed by the internal revenue code of 1986. the expected benefit payments for these unfunded pension plans are not included in the table above. however, we anticipate annual benefit payments for these unfunded pension plans to be $66 million in 2019, increasing to $70 million by 2025 and then decreasing annually thereafter. refer to note 14 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
the company expects to contribute $32 million in 2019 to our global pension plans, all of which will be allocated to our international plans. refer to note 14 of notes to consolidated financial statements. we did not include our estimated contributions to our various plans in the table above.
in general, we are self-insured for large portions of many different types of claims; however, we do use commercial insurance above our self-insured retentions to reduce the company's risk of catastrophic loss. our reserves for the company's self-insured losses are estimated through actuarial procedures of the insurance industry and by using industry assumptions, adjusted for our specific expectations based on our claim history. as of december 31, 2018, our self-insurance reserves totaled $362 million. refer to note 12 of notes to consolidated financial statements. we did not include estimated payments related to our self-insurance reserves in the table above.
deferred income tax liabilities as of december 31, 2018 were $1,933 million. refer to note 15 of notes to consolidated financial statements. this amount is not included in the total contractual obligations table because we believe that presentation would not be meaningful. deferred income tax liabilities are calculated based on temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their respective book bases, which will result in taxable amounts in future years when the liabilities are settled at their reported financial statement amounts. the results of these calculations do not have a direct connection with the amount of cash taxes to be paid in any future periods. as a result, scheduling deferred income tax liabilities as payments due by period could be misleading, because this scheduling would not relate to liquidity needs.
additionally, on january 3, 2019, the company completed the acquisition of costa for $4.9 billion, which is not included in the table above. refer to note 22 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
foreign exchange our international operations are subject to certain opportunities and risks, including currency fluctuations and governmental actions. we closely monitor our operations in each country and seek to adopt appropriate strategies that are responsive to changing economic and political environments as well as to fluctuations in foreign currencies.
in 2018, we used 72 functional currencies in addition to the u.s. dollar. due to the geographic diversity of our operations, weaknesses in some of these currencies may be offset by strengths in others. in 2018 and 2017, the weighted-average exchange rates for foreign currencies in which the company conducted operations (all operating currencies), and for certain individual currencies, strengthened (weakened) against the u.s. dollar as follows:
british pound sterling        4             (6   )
these percentages do not include the effects of our hedging activities and, therefore, do not reflect the actual impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates on our operating results. our foreign currency management program is designed to mitigate, over time, a portion of the potentially unfavorable impact of exchange rate changes on our net income and earnings per share.
the total currency impact on net operating revenues, including the effect of our hedging activities, was a decrease of 1 percent in 2018 and 2017. the total currency impact on income from continuing operations before income taxes, including the effect of our hedging activities, was a decrease of 7 percent in 2018 and was nominal in 2017.
foreign currency exchange gains and losses are primarily the result of the remeasurement of monetary assets and liabilities from certain currencies into functional currencies. the effects of the remeasurement of these assets and liabilities are partially offset by the impact of our economic hedging program for certain exposures on our consolidated balance sheets. refer to note 6 of notes to consolidated financial statements. foreign currency exchange gains and losses are included as a component of other income (loss) - net in our consolidated statements of income. refer to the heading "operations review - other income (loss) - net" above. the company recorded net foreign currency exchange losses of $144 million, $57 million and $246 million during the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
hyperinflationary economies a hyperinflationary economy is one that has cumulative inflation of 100 percent or more over a three-year period. in accordance with u.s. gaap, local subsidiaries in hyperinflationary economies are required to use the u.s. dollar as their functional currency and remeasure the monetary assets and liabilities not denominated in u.s. dollars using the rate applicable to conversion of a currency for purposes of dividend remittances. all exchange gains and losses resulting from remeasurement are recognized currently in income.
venezuela has been designated as a hyperinflationary economy. during the year ended december 31, 2016 the venezuelan government devalued its currency and changed its official and most preferential exchange rate, which should be used for purchases of certain essential goods, to 10 bolivars per u.s. dollar from 6.3. the official and most preferential rate is now known as dipro and the former official rate has been eliminated. the venezuelan government replaced the former open market exchange rate with the dicom rate, which is allowed to float freely and is expected to fluctuate based on supply and demand. as a result, management determined that the dicom rate was the most appropriate legally available rate to remeasure the net monetary assets of our venezuelan subsidiary.
we sell concentrate to our bottling partner in venezuela from outside the country. these sales are denominated in u.s. dollars. during the year ended december 31, 2016, as a result of the continued lack of liquidity and our revised assessment of the u.s. dollar value we expected to realize upon the conversion of venezuelan bolivars into u.s. dollars by our bottling partner to pay our concentrate sales receivables, we recorded a write-down of $76 million, which was recorded in the line item other operating charges in our consolidated statement of income.
we also have certain u.s. dollar-denominated intangible assets associated with products sold in venezuela. as a result of weaker sales, the volatility of foreign currency exchange rates resulting from continued instability and the company's revised expectations regarding the convertibility of the local currency, we recognized an impairment charge of $34 million during the year ended december 31, 2017, which was recorded in the line item other operating charges in our consolidated statement of income. as a result of the impairment charge, the remaining carrying value of all u.s. dollar-denominated intangible assets associated with products sold in venezuela is zero.
impact of inflation and changing prices inflation affects the way we operate in many markets around the world. in general, we believe that, over time, we will be able to increase prices to counteract the majority of the inflationary effects of increasing costs and to generate sufficient cash flows to maintain our productive capability.
overview of financial position the following table illustrates the change in the individual line items of the company's consolidated balance sheet (in millions):
december 31,                                               2018            2017         increase (decrease)           percent change cash and cash equivalents                                $8,926          $6,006                      $2,920                       49   %
short-term investments                                    2,025           9,352                      (7,327   )                  (78   )
marketable securities                                     5,013           5,317                        (304   )                   (6   )
prepaid expenses and other assets                         1,962           2,000                         (38   )                   (2   )
assets held for sale                                          -             219                        (219   )                 (100   )
assets held for sale - discontinued operations            6,546           7,329                        (783   )                  (11   )
equity method investments                                19,407          20,856                      (1,449   )                   (7   )
other investments                                           867           1,096                        (229   )                  (21   )
other assets                                              4,139           4,230                         (91   )                   (2   )
deferred income tax assets                                2,667             330                       2,337                      708
trademarks with indefinite lives                          6,682           6,729                         (47   )                   (1   )
bottlers' franchise rights with indefinite lives             51             138                         (87   )                  (63   )
other intangible assets                                     274             368                         (94   )                  (26   )
total assets                                            $83,216         $87,896                     $(4,680   )                   (5   )%
current maturities of long-term debt                      4,997           3,298                       1,699                       52
liabilities held for sale                                     -              37                         (37   )                 (100   )
liabilities held for sale - discontinued operations       1,722           1,496                         226                       15
other liabilities                                         7,638           8,021                        (383   )                   (5   )
deferred income tax liabilities                           1,933           2,522                        (589   )                  (23   )
total liabilities                                       $64,158         $68,919                     $(4,761   )                   (7   )%
net assets                                              $19,058         $18,977                         $81       1                -   %
1   includes a decrease in net assets of $2,035 million resulting from foreign currency translation adjustments in various balance sheet line items.
the increases (decreases) in the table above include the impact of the following transactions and events:
•   assets held for sale - discontinued operations decreased primarily due to a $554 million impairment charge and a $411 million allocation of goodwill to other reporting units. refer to note 2 and note 17 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
•   equity method investments decreased primarily due to the derecognition of our equity method interest in the philippine bottling operations as well as other-than-temporary impairment charges of $591 million related to certain of our equity method investees. refer to note 2 and note 17 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
•   deferred income tax assets increased primarily as a result of our adoption of asu 2016-16, intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory, which required us to record a deferred tax asset of $2.9 billion during the year ended december 31, 2018. refer to note 1 and note 15 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
•   goodwill increased primarily due to the acquisition of the philippine bottling operations and the allocation of goodwill from ccba to other reporting units. refer to note 2 and note 9 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
•   current maturities of long-term debt increased and long-term debt decreased primarily due to a portion of the company's long-term debt maturing within the next 12 months and being reclassified as current. current maturities of long-term debt were reduced by payments. refer to the heading "cash flows from financing activities" above for additional information.