The pandemic caused by the novel strain of the coronavirus (COVID-19) and the numerous measures implemented by government authorities in response have impacted and may continue to impact our workforce and operations, the operations of our customers and those of our respective vendors and suppliers. We have significant operations worldwide, including in the United States, the Philippines, Ireland, Malaysia, Thailand, and India. Each of these countries has been affected by the pandemic and taken measures to try to contain it, resulting in disruptions at some of our manufacturing operations and facilities, including restrictions on our access to facilities. The spread of COVID-19 has caused us to modify our business practices, including restricting employee travel, modifying employee work locations, and cancelling physical participation in meetings, events, and conferences. While we are confident that our strategy and long-term contingency planning have positioned us well to weather the current uncertainty, we cannot at this time fully quantify or forecast the impact of COVID-19 on our business. The ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows continues to largely depend on future developments, including the duration, scope, and severity of the pandemic, any additional resurgences, variants and severity of variants, and the ability to effectively and widely manufacture and distribute vaccines, which are not within our control and cannot be accurately predicted and are uncertain. Special charges, net increased in fiscal 2022 as compared to fiscal 2021, primarily as a result of charges recorded as part of the integration of Maxim and continued organizational initiatives to better align our global workforce with our long-term strategic plan. During the third quarter of fiscal 2022, we transitioned our engineering, sales, marketing, and administrative activities from a leased property in Santa Clara, California to an owned property in San Jose, California. The remaining charges were for severance and benefit costs as well as charges recorded from the acceleration of equity awards in connection with the termination of certain employees in manufacturing, engineering, and SMG&A roles at sites assumed in connection with the acquisition and various other locations throughout the world. We expect to continue the development of innovative technologies and processes for new products. We believe that a continued commitment to R&D is essential to maintain product leadership with our existing products as well as to provide innovative new product offerings. We manage our worldwide cash requirements by, among other things, reviewing available funds held by our foreign subsidiaries and the cost-effectiveness by which those funds can be accessed in the United States. We believe that our existing sources of liquidity and cash expected to be generated from future operations, together with existing and anticipated available short- and long-term financing, will be sufficient to fund operations, capital expenditures, research and development efforts, and dividend payments in the immediate future and for at least the next twelve months. The increase in cash provided by operating activities during fiscal 2022 as compared to fiscal 2021 was primarily a result of higher net income adjusted for noncash items offset by changes in working capital. Our inventory levels are impacted by our need to support forecasted sales demand and variations between those forecasts and actual demand. We have the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its net book value. We test goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level, which we determined is consistent with our identified operating segments, on an annual basis or more frequently if we believe indicators of impairment exist or we reorganize our operating segments or reporting units.