The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses, and the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our financial statements. We report our results in seven segments, and in evaluating financial performance in each business segment, management uses, among other factors, segment gross margin and segment operating profit. Our primary business is the leasing of space on communications sites to various service providers, and we also hold other telecommunications infrastructure that we lease primarily to communications service providers and third-party tower operators. We continue to experience variability and a level of uncertainty in collections in India, which has led us to explore various strategic alternatives aimed at potentially reducing our exposure there. Revenue lost from tenant lease cancellations or non-renewals has historically not had a material adverse effect on our consolidated property operations. We expect that our churn rate in our U.S. & Canada property segment will remain elevated due to contractual lease cancellations and non-renewals. We will continue to actively monitor the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and may take further actions as required by governmental authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, and business partners. Our ability to lease additional space on our sites is primarily a function of the rate at which wireless carriers and other tenants deploy capital to improve and expand their wireless networks, influenced by the growth of wireless services, the financial performance of our tenants, and general economic conditions. We believe that consistent carrier network investments across our international markets will, over the long term, position us to generate meaningful organic revenue growth. Our site portfolio and established tenant base provide us with new business opportunities, resulting in consistent and predictable organic revenue growth as wireless carriers seek to increase coverage and capacity. We continue to evaluate opportunities to acquire communications real estate portfolios to determine whether they meet our risk-adjusted hurdle rates and whether we believe we can effectively integrate them into our existing portfolio. We expect to periodically evaluate the carrying value of our Indian assets, which may result in the realization of additional impairment expense or other similar charges. Our liquidity depends on our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities, borrow funds under our credit facilities, and maintain compliance with the contractual agreements governing our indebtedness. We derive a substantial portion of our revenues from a small number of customers, and a failure by a significant customer to perform its contractual obligations could adversely affect our cash flow and liquidity. We believe our operating results during the next 12 months will be sufficient to comply with the covenants in our loan agreements. The ongoing transition from 2G technology to 4G technology in India has included a period of carrier consolidation, which we believe has resulted in an industry structure that is more constructive for both the wireless carriers and communications infrastructure over the long term. We expect to continue to deploy capital through our annual capital expenditure program, including land purchases and new site and data center facility construction, while maintaining our commitment to our long-term financial policies.