We are a global technology leader that designs, develops, and supplies a broad range of semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions. Our portfolio of industry-leading infrastructure and security software is designed to modernize, optimize, and secure the most complex hybrid environments, enabling scalability, agility, automation, insights, resiliency, and security. The demand for our products has been affected by various factors, including general economic and market conditions, which may disrupt our operations and impact our workforce and supply chain. The COVID-19 pandemic resulted in unprecedented measures that created supply chain and market disruption, impacting our operations and those of our customers, contract manufacturers, suppliers, and logistics providers. In response to the pandemic, we have taken extensive measures to protect the health and safety of our employees and contractors at our facilities. We continue to monitor the implications of the pandemic on our operations and may modify our business practices and policies from time to time. Our ability to predict the impact of the pandemic on our business remains limited, and its effects are unlikely to be fully realized until future periods. We recognize revenue upon the delivery of our products to the distributors, which can cause our quarterly net revenue to fluctuate significantly. Our strategy is to combine best-of-breed technology leadership in semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions with unmatched scale to deliver a comprehensive suite of infrastructure technology products. We seek to achieve this through responsibly financed acquisitions and extensive investment in research and development, ensuring our products retain their technology leadership. Our collaboration with large global electronic component distributors and leading OEM customers has enabled us to build our extensive IP portfolio and develop critical expertise regarding our customers' requirements. This collaboration has provided us with key insights into our customers' businesses and has enabled us to be more efficient and productive. Our ability to fund our liquidity requirements will depend on our future cash flows, which are subject to prevailing global macroeconomic conditions and financial, business, and other factors. We expect capital expenditures to be higher in fiscal year 2023 as compared to fiscal year 2022. Our debt and liquidity needs will increase as a result of the pending VMware merger, and we intend to fund the cash portion of the consideration with new debt financing. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents on hand, cash flows from operations, and the revolving facility, as well as the committed debt funding related to the pending VMware merger, will provide sufficient liquidity to operate our business and fund our current and assumed obligations for at least the next 12 months. Our working capital increased due to revenue linearity and less receivables sold through factoring arrangements, as well as to support customer demand and due to higher material costs. The increase in cash provided by operations during fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021 was due to higher net income and certain non-cash adjustments. Our overall net revenue has varied from quarter to quarter, largely due to fluctuations in end-market demand, including the effects of seasonality. The COVID-19 pandemic and macroeconomic uncertainties may cause our net revenue to fluctuate significantly and impact our results of operations.