We are a global market leader in the design, development, manufacture, sale, service, and support of commercial jetliners, military aircraft, satellites, missile defense, human space flight, and launch systems and services. Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses, supplemented by Boeing Capital. We focus on producing products and providing services that the market demands, continuing to find new ways to improve efficiency and quality. The pace of the commercial market recovery remains impacted by government restrictions related to COVID-19, and we continue to monitor the health and stability of the supply chain as we ramp up production. These factors have reduced overall productivity and adversely impacted our financial position. The long-term outlook for the industry remains positive due to the fundamental drivers of air travel demand, including economic growth and increasing propensity to travel. The industry remains vulnerable to exogenous developments, including pandemics and increased global environmental regulations. We continue to experience near-term production disruptions and inefficiencies due to supplier disruption, labor instability, and factory performance. We are focused on the safety of our employees and retaining the strength of our engineering talent through voluntary transfers to other countries. We have sufficient material and parts to avoid production disruptions in the near term, but future impacts from disruptions in our supply chain are possible. We continue to monitor developments and potential impacts, taking mitigating actions as appropriate. The commercial services volume at Boeing Global Services recovered to pre-pandemic levels, and we expect revenues to remain strong as the commercial airline industry continues to recover. The demand outlook for our government services business remains stable, reflecting the important role our products and services have in ensuring national security. The current state of U.S.-China relations remains an ongoing watch item, and we are mitigating import costs through duty drawback customs procedures. We continually monitor the global trade environment in response to geopolitical economic developments, as well as changes in tariffs and trade agreements that may impact the company. The industry continues to recover from the lingering effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, and the commercial aircraft market remains extremely competitive. Continued access to global markets is vital to our ability to fully realize our sales potential and long-term investment returns. We are focused on improving our products and services and continuing our business transformation efforts, which enhances our ability to compete and positions us for market recovery. The technical complexity of our airplane programs creates financial risk, as additional completion costs may become necessary or scheduled delivery dates could be extended. We expect to be able to fund our cash requirements through cash and short-term investments and cash provided by operations, as well as continued access to capital markets. Our increased debt balance resulted in downgrades to our credit ratings, and we expect to be able to access capital markets when we require additional funding. The company’s valuation allowance primarily relates to pension and other postretirement benefit obligation deferred tax assets, tax credits, and other carryforwards that are assumed to reverse beyond the period in which reversals of deferred tax liabilities are assumed to occur. The selection of methodologies and assessment of when temporary differences will result in taxable or deductible amounts involves significant management judgment and is inherently complex and subjective.