Becton, Dickinson and Company ("BD") is a global medical technology company engaged in the development, manufacture, and sale of a broad range of medical supplies, devices, laboratory equipment, and diagnostic products used by healthcare institutions, physicians, life science researchers, clinical laboratories, the pharmaceutical industry, and the general public. The company's organizational structure is based upon three principal business segments, BD Medical, BD Life Sciences, and BD Interventional. Driving sustainability initiatives within our organizational units supports enterprise-wide collaboration towards our sustainability strategy. We continue to invest in research and development, strategic tuck-in acquisitions, geographic expansion, and new product programs to drive further revenue and profit growth. Our ability to sustain long-term growth will depend on several factors, including our ability to expand our core business, develop innovative new products, and continue to improve operating efficiency and organizational effectiveness. Current global economic conditions have been relatively volatile due to various macroeconomic factors. We are mitigating the inflationary pressures on our businesses through various strategies; however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to effectively mitigate such inflationary pressures in future periods. An inability to offset inflationary pressures, at least in part, through the strategies discussed could adversely impact our results of operations. Our agreements with customers within certain organizational units, including medication management solutions, integrated diagnostic solutions, and biosciences, contain multiple performance obligations, including both products and certain services. Determining whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately may require judgment. The transaction price for these agreements is allocated to each performance obligation based upon its relative standalone selling price. Standalone selling price is the amount at which we would sell a promised good or service separately to a customer. We generally estimate standalone selling prices using list prices and a consideration of typical discounts offered to customers. The use of alternative estimates could result in a different amount of revenue deferral. The company’s ability to adapt to external pressures and maintain operational flexibility is critical in navigating complex situations and ensuring organizational health. The emphasis on strategic initiatives and resource allocation reflects a commitment to enhancing organizational capabilities and resilience in the face of adversity. The focus on collaboration networks and inter-organizational collaboration further supports the company’s strategic response to environmental disruptions, enabling BD to confront challenges and sustain performance under pressure. This multifaceted approach to resilience underscores the importance of organizational learning processes and knowledge management in fostering a culture of adaptability and continuous improvement.