BlackRock's strategy continues to be guided by the company's clients' needs and focus on the long-term, which the company believes better enables it to deliver durable returns for shareholders and create value for all of its stakeholders. BlackRock's diversified platform, in terms of style, product, client, and geography, enables it to generate more stable cash flows through market cycles, positioning BlackRock to invest for the long-term by striking an appropriate balance between investing for future growth and prudent discretionary expense management. The diversity of BlackRock's platform facilitates the generation of organic growth in various market environments, and as client preferences evolve. BlackRock is positioned to provide alpha-seeking active, index, and cash management investment strategies across asset classes and geographies. The company believes it is well positioned for a higher rate environment due to the breadth, diversification, and investment performance of its fixed income platform, which encompasses active, exchange-traded funds, and a range of strategies. BlackRock's long-term strategy remains to keep alpha at the heart of BlackRock; accelerate growth in ETFs, illiquid alternatives, and technology; deliver whole portfolio solutions and become the global leader in sustainable investing. BlackRock continues to invest in technology services offerings, which enhance the ability to manage portfolios and risk, effectively serve clients, and operate efficiently. Anticipated industry consolidation and regulatory requirements should continue to drive demand for holistic and flexible technology solutions. BlackRock is creating connectivity with ecosystem providers and third-party technology solutions, which include asset servicers, cloud providers, and trading systems, who can work with clients in their Aladdin environments to provide a more customized and seamless end-to-end experience. BlackRock's strategy is focused on creating outcome-oriented client solutions for both retail investors and institutions, including having a diverse platform of alpha-seeking active, index, and alternative products, as well as enhanced distribution and portfolio construction technology offerings. Clients increasingly want to tailor how they use Aladdin to meet their specific needs, and BlackRock is providing them with choice and flexibility. The company manages its financial condition and funding to maintain appropriate liquidity for the business. Management believes that the company's liquid assets, continuing cash flows from operations, and borrowing capacity under the company's existing revolving credit facility provide sufficient resources to meet the company's short-term and long-term cash needs, including operating, debt, and other obligations as they come due and anticipated future capital requirements. BlackRock has built a broad illiquid alternatives platform to meet client demand for diversification and higher returns. The company is committed to providing clients with choice and executing in accordance with their chosen objectives, aligning with expected future client demand for attractive yields in fixed income, outsourcing solutions, ETFs, private markets, and technology. BlackRock's longstanding model of choice helps clients build portfolios to match the preferences and goals unique to each of them. The company believes its strategy aligns with expected future client demand, which it expects will continue to shape growth opportunities going forward.