Economic trends uncertainty around inflationary pressures, rising interest rates, monetary policy, and changes in tax laws could potentially cause new, or exacerbate existing, economic challenges that we may face, including the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on our results of operations. Existing and future potential geopolitical dynamics, including matters related to the Russia/Ukraine war, as well as the tension between China/Taiwan, may create economic, supply chain, energy, and other challenges, which impact, and may in the future negatively impact our business. In particular, international conflicts may result in sanctions, tariffs, and other measures that restrict international trade and negatively affect our business operations and results. In 2022, we experienced increases in cost and limited availability of raw materials, components, and other inputs necessary to manufacture and distribute our products due to constraints and inflation within the global supply chain, as well as increases in wage costs and the cost and time to distribute our products. While the COVID-19 pandemic and related impacts may continue to negatively impact our performance to an extent, we continue to believe our long-term fundamentals remain strong and we intend to manage through these challenges with strategic focus and the winning spirit of our global team. We have reorganized our operational structure and have aggregated our core businesses to ensure that we are appropriately structured and resourced to deliver sustainable value to patients and customers. Our restructuring plan is intended to support our effort to improve operating performance and meet anticipated market demands. Key activities under the restructuring plan included supply chain network optimization intended to maximize our global manufacturing and distribution network capacity and building functional capabilities to support business growth. The 2023 restructuring plan is intended to meet evolving global market demands and conditions by ensuring that we are structured and resourced to support our strategic imperatives and deliver sustainable value. These activities are expected to simplify our manufacturing and distribution network by transferring certain production lines among facilities and expand operational efficiencies and resiliency. We expect limited role reductions as a result of these restructuring activities, and we anticipate that our overall employee base will remain relatively unchanged upon completion of the restructuring plan as new jobs are created in areas of growth. Our liquidity plans are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including macroeconomic conditions, adverse tax and litigation matter outcomes, and other risks and uncertainties that could limit our ability to successfully execute our business plans and adversely affect our liquidity plans. We have established controls and procedures to escalate enterprise-level issues, including cybersecurity matters, to the appropriate management levels within our organization and our board of directors. International conflicts have heightened cybersecurity risks on a global basis, and we have taken steps to better understand our readiness, including the resilience of our critical business functions, with the goal of reducing the impact if such an event were to occur. Our sustainable environmental, social, and governance practices underpin all aspects of our global business, and we are committed to a goal of carbon neutrality for scope 1 and scope 2 carbon emissions in our manufacturing and key distribution sites by 2030. We are focused on a strategy of cutting energy use, converting to renewable energy sources, and compensating with carbon offset projects where needed, which reflects our commitment to organizational resilience in the face of environmental challenges.