Citi has embarked on a multiyear transformation, with the target outcome to change its business and operating models such that they simultaneously strengthen risk and controls and improve Citi's value to customers, clients, and shareholders. This includes efforts to effectively implement the October 2020 Federal Reserve Board and Office of the Comptroller of the Currency consent orders issued to Citigroup and Citibank. Citi's CEO has made the strengthening of Citi's risk and control environment a strategic priority and has established a Chief Administrative Officer organization to centralize program management. The Citigroup and Citibank boards of directors each formed a transformation oversight committee to provide oversight of management's remediation efforts under the consent orders. Citi's plans are responsive to the company's objectives, and progress continues to be made on execution of the plans. Various geopolitical and macroeconomic challenges and uncertainties continue to adversely impact economic conditions in the U.S. and globally, including elevated levels of inflation and disruptions caused by the war in Ukraine. These factors have adversely affected financial markets, negatively impacted global economic growth rates, contributed to lower consumer confidence, and increased the risk of recession. Citi's effective tax rate was 19.4% in the current year versus 19.8% in the prior year, and the company expects to incur higher expenses in 2023, primarily driven by transformation-related investments, volume-related expenses, and inflation-related impacts. Citi's total provisions for credit losses and for benefits and claims was a cost of $5.2 billion, compared to a benefit of $3.8 billion in the prior year, reflecting a net build of $1.2 billion in the allowance for credit losses for loans and unfunded commitments, primarily due to consumer loan growth and a deterioration in macroeconomic assumptions. The net allowance for credit losses build was primarily due to cards loan growth and a deterioration in macroeconomic assumptions. Citi's CET1 capital ratio increased to 13.0% as of December 31, 2022, compared to 12.2% as of December 31, 2021, driven by net income and business actions to reduce risk-weighted assets. Citi's institutional clients group reported net income of $10.7 billion, a decrease of 25%, primarily driven by a net allowance for credit losses build in the current year and higher expenses. The company's revenues increased 3%, primarily reflecting higher services and markets revenues, partially offset by lower banking revenues. The strong performance in treasury and trade solutions was driven by the benefit of higher interest rates, as well as business actions, including balance sheet optimization and managing deposit pricing. The decline in revenues from the closure of five exit markets and ongoing wind-downs was noted, alongside the impact of higher operating expenses driven by continued investments in Citi's transformation and other risk and control initiatives. Overall, the company is focused on adapting to environmental perturbations and maintaining operational flexibility to enhance organizational resilience amid ongoing challenges.