The results of our individual businesses reflect the manner in which management evaluates performance and makes decisions about funding our operations and allocating resources. We may periodically change our business segments or reclassify business segment results based on modifications to our management reporting methodologies and changes in organizational alignment. Our internal management and reporting process employs various allocation methodologies, including funds transfer pricing, to assign certain balance sheet assets, deposits, and other liabilities and their related revenue and expenses directly or indirectly attributable to each business segment. The allocation is unique to each business segment and acquired business and is based on the composition of assets and liabilities. The funds transfer pricing process considers the interest rate and liquidity risk characteristics of assets and liabilities and off-balance sheet products. Periodically, the methodology and assumptions utilized in the funds transfer pricing process are adjusted to reflect economic conditions and other factors, which may impact the allocation of net interest income to the business segments. We regularly assess the assumptions, methodologies, and reporting classifications used for segment reporting, which may result in the implementation of refinements or changes in future periods. Major categories of risk include compliance risk, which can arise from nonconformance with prescribed practices, internal policies and procedures, contractual obligations, or ethical standards that reinforce laws, rules, or regulations. Credit risk pertains to the resilience arising from an obligor's failure to meet the terms of any contract with the company. Liquidity risk refers to the company's ability to meet its future financial obligations or invest in future asset growth. Operational risk involves loss, capital impairment, adverse customer experience, or reputational impact resulting from failure to comply with policies and procedures or from external events. Reputation risk affects market value and the recruitment and retention of talented associates. Strategic risk can have a material impact on earnings, capital, or enterprise value arising from the company's competitive position and evolving forces in the industry. We manage our seven major categories of risk to maintain resilience under a variety of stress conditions. Underwriting decisions for auto loans are based on an applicant's income, estimated net disposable income, and credit bureau information, along with collateral characteristics. We maintain an auto securitization program, which is designed to support our operational continuity and resilience in the face of market fluctuations. The risk to current or projected financial condition and resilience is influenced by various factors, including the ability to foresee and confront challenges, ensuring that we can adapt to changing market conditions and maintain operational effectiveness.