The covid-19 pandemic continued to impact our business during 2022, albeit to a lesser extent. Covid-related and other supply and logistics constraints have continued to adversely affect some merchandise categories and are expected to do so for the foreseeable future. While we cannot control or reliably predict general economic health or changes in competition, we believe that we have been successful historically in adapting our business to these changes, such as through adjustments to our pricing and merchandise mix, including increasing the penetration of our private-label items, and through online offerings. Our financial performance depends heavily on controlling costs. We believe our investments in merchandise pricing may include reducing prices on merchandise to drive sales or meet competition and holding prices steady despite cost increases instead of passing the increases on to our members. Our philosophy is to provide our members with quality goods and services at competitive prices. We do not focus in the short term on maximizing prices charged, but instead seek to maintain what we believe is a perception among our members of our "pricing authority" - consistently providing the most competitive values. We achieve net sales growth by opening new warehouses. As our warehouse base grows, available and desirable sites become more difficult to secure, and square footage growth becomes a comparatively less substantial component of growth. The negative aspects of such growth, however, including lower initial operating profitability relative to existing warehouses and cannibalization of sales at existing warehouses when openings occur in existing markets, are continuing to decline in significance as they relate to the results of our total operations. Our e-commerce business growth, domestically and internationally, has also increased our sales but it generally has a lower gross margin percentage relative to our warehouse operations. The membership format is an integral part of our business and has a significant effect on our profitability. The extent to which we achieve growth in our membership base, increase the penetration of our executive members, and sustain high renewal rates materially influences our profitability. We believe that achieving our longer-term objectives of reducing employee turnover and enhancing employee satisfaction requires maintaining compensation levels that are better than the industry average for much of our workforce. Our operating model is generally the same across our U.S., Canadian, and other international operating segments. We also refer to the impact of changes in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, which are the differences between the foreign-exchange rates we use to convert the financial results of our international operations from local currencies into U.S. dollars. Management believes that our cash and investment position and operating cash flows with capacity under existing and available credit agreements will be sufficient to meet our liquidity and capital requirements for the foreseeable future. We opened 26 new warehouses, including three relocations, in 2022, and plan to open approximately up to 29 additional new warehouses, including four relocations, in 2023. There can be no assurance that current expectations will be realized, and plans are subject to change upon further review of our capital expenditure needs or based on the economic environment. We use different risk management mechanisms, including a wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary, and participate in a reinsurance program. The costs of claims are highly unpredictable and can fluctuate as a result of inflation rates, regulatory or legal changes, and unforeseen developments in claims. While we believe our estimates are reasonable and provide for a certain degree of coverage to account for these variables, actual claims and costs could differ significantly from recorded liabilities.