Due to a calculation error, organizational support personnel was overstated by 36 FTE in the fourth quarter of 2021, with total non-selling FTE and total FTE being overstated by the same amount. These figures have been corrected in this Form 10-K. Adjusting for this error, total FTE in 2021 would have been down by an additional 0.2% for year-to-date growth. Organizational support personnel consists of sales and growth driver support personnel, which includes sourcing, purchasing, supply chain, product development, etc.; information technology personnel; and administrative support personnel, which includes human resources, accounting and finance, and senior management. Our gross profit, as a percentage of net sales, was 46.2% in 2021 and 45.5% in 2020. The gross profit percentage for 2021 increased by 70 basis points based on higher product margins, primarily for safety products and overhead/organizational leverage related to higher volumes. During 2021, our gross profit percentage increased when compared to the prior year. This was largely due to three factors. We were able to leverage overhead/organizational expenses, absorbing certain fixed and period costs related to cyclical strength in our traditional manufacturing and construction markets. An improvement in product margins, particularly for safety products, was noted. In response to the pandemic in 2020, we experienced a substantial surge in demand for COVID-related safety supplies, such that these products accounted for approximately 47% of total safety product sales in 2020, up from approximately 25% of total safety product sales in 2019. As these products tended to carry a lower gross margin than non-COVID-related products, their substantial expansion in our safety product mix in 2020 caused a decline in the gross profit percentage of our safety product line. In 2021, we experienced higher demand for non-COVID-related products as the industrial economy improved and lower demand for COVID-related products as the supply chain steadied. This caused our mix of lower margin COVID-related products to decline to approximately 31% of total safety product sales, improving our overall safety product margin. Our net rebates were favorable in 2021. As supply chains normalized and demand improved, we purchased more products through our traditional partners, increasing our supplier rebates. At the same time, customer rebates moderated as spending from several key customers that purchased significant COVID-related products declined. The ability to absorb certain fixed and period costs and to leverage organizational expenses indicates a degree of operational flexibility and resilience in adapting to changing market conditions. The adjustments made in response to the pandemic reflect an organizational capability to confront and benefit from sudden disruptive changes, thereby enhancing our overall performance and operational continuity.