Management's discussion and analysis indicates that we continue to experience inflation pressure in our supply chain, as well as delays in sourcing key materials needed for our products and skilled labor shortages. This has delayed our ability to convert remaining performance obligations to revenue and negatively impacted our profit margins. While the impact of inflation is expected to be challenging, we continue to take actions to limit this pressure, including lean initiatives to drive cost productivity, partnering with our suppliers, and adjusting the pricing of our products and services. Geopolitical uncertainties with the ongoing Russia and Ukraine conflict, as well as recent COVID-19 impacts in China, are introducing additional challenges. We have proactively managed the impact of inflationary pressure by deploying lean initiatives to drive cost productivity, partnering with our suppliers, and adjusting the pricing of our products and services. Global material availability and labor shortages, in part driven by the pandemic, continue to cause disruptions for us and our suppliers, impacting our production and delivery across our businesses. We believe aerospace is well-positioned to drive long-term profitable growth and cash generation over time. Our deep history of innovation and technology leadership, commercial engine installed base, and military engine installed base represent strong long-term fundamentals. We continue to take actions to protect our ability to serve our customers now and as the global airline industry recovers. The renewable energy segment will be part of GE Vernova, benefiting from one of the broadest portfolios in the industry that uniquely positions us to lead the energy transition while building on advanced technologies that grow renewable energy generation, lower the cost of electricity, and modernize the grid. We continue to invest in improving the durability of our wind turbine products, fleet availability, and project execution with increased focus on project selectivity. We have experienced significant cost inflation across all businesses, which we expect to continue, and are working to mitigate through pricing and cost actions. Our financial results are dependent on costs to address fleet availability and quality, execution of cost reduction initiatives, and the inflationary environment. We continue to grow and invest in precision health, focusing on creating new products and digital solutions tailored to the different needs of our global customers. Actions of our supply chain, engineering, and manufacturing teams, as well as proactive supplier engagement, are driving fewer delays in securing key materials and have improved our ability to deliver products to our customers. We are committed to investment in developing and maturing technologies that enable a more sustainable future of flight. The impact of inflation will continue to be challenging, and we will continue to take actions to manage. We believe that our consolidated liquidity and availability under our revolving credit facilities will be sufficient to meet our liquidity needs. Our primary sources of liquidity consist of cash and cash equivalents, free cash flows from our operating businesses, cash generated from asset sales and dispositions, and short-term borrowing facilities. We have in place committed revolving credit facilities totaling $14.4 billion, comprising a $10.0 billion unused back-up revolving syndicated credit facility and a total of $4.4 billion of bilateral revolving credit facilities. We expect to provide further capital contributions through 2024, and we are in the process of managing the transition away from the use of LIBOR as an interest rate benchmark.