In this discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations, we have included information that may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Important factors that could cause our results to differ include our objectives and effectiveness of our business continuity planning (BCP), information security program, risk management, and liquidity policies. The firmwide operational risk and resilience committee is responsible for overseeing operational risk and ensuring our business and operational resilience. Our resilience framework defines the fundamental principles for BCP and crisis management to ensure that critical functions can continue to operate in the event of a disruption. We monitor threats and assess risks to ensure our state of readiness in the event of a significant operational disruption to the normal operations of our critical functions or their dependencies. Our operational risk management framework is designed to comply with the operational risk measurement rules under the capital framework and has evolved based on the changing needs of our businesses and regulatory guidance. We have established policies that require all employees to report and escalate operational risk events. Our approach for risk identification and control assessment is comprehensive across all risk types and is dynamic and forward-looking to reflect and adapt to our changing risk profile and business environment. We conduct various scenario analyses, including as part of the comprehensive capital analysis and review (CCAR) and U.S. Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act stress tests, as well as our resolution and recovery planning. These scenarios cover short- and long-term time horizons using various macroeconomic and firm-specific assumptions, based on a range of economic scenarios. Our stress tests are designed to ensure a comprehensive analysis of our vulnerabilities and idiosyncratic risks, combining financial and non-financial risks into a single combined scenario. We have also established a triggers and alerts framework, which is designed to provide the board with information needed to make an informed decision on whether and when to commence bankruptcy proceedings. Our capital management activities are overseen by the board and its committees, which include the risk committee responsible for approving our annual capital plan and the risk appetite statement. The board reviews our strategic business plan and is ultimately responsible for overseeing and providing direction about our strategy and risk appetite. We have a comprehensive framework to monitor, measure, and assess our country exposures and to determine our risk appetite. We monitor our credit exposure to a specific country both at the individual counterparty level and at the aggregate country level. Our credit exposure on cash and cash equivalents arises from our unrestricted cash, and includes both interest-bearing and non-interest-bearing deposits. We seek to minimize exposures where there is a significant positive correlation between the creditworthiness of our counterparties and the market value of collateral we receive. Our operational risk management framework is designed to minimize operational risks, including those arising from reliance on technology and third-party relationships. We have established a firmwide working group to identify and assess the operational risk associated with complying with economic sanctions and restrictions. The escalation or continuation of the war between Russia and Ukraine presents heightened risks relating to cyber attacks, limited ability to settle securities transactions, and supply chain disruptions. Our total credit exposure to Russian or Ukrainian counterparties or borrowers was not material as of December 2022.