Our business environment has been characterized by globalization of marketplaces, customers, and competitors, alongside growing customer demand for workflow efficiency and automation. We have diversified our business so that we are not dependent on volatility or transaction activity in any one asset class. Additionally, we have increased our portion of recurring revenues from 34% in 2014 to 51% in 2022, which includes data services, listings, and various mortgage technology solutions. Many of the data products we sell and services we provide are required for our clients' business operations regardless of market volatility or shifts in business profitability levels. Our operational perspective has not suffered a material negative impact due to recent geopolitical events, and we continue to monitor macroeconomic conditions, including interest rates and inflation rates, as well as the uncertainty surrounding the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine. The evolution of existing products and new product innovation is essential to serve emerging customer needs and changing industry agreements. We anticipate continued growth in the financial information services sector driven by increasing global regulatory demands, greater emphasis on risk management, and ongoing growth in the size and diversity of financial markets. Our strategy to grow each of our revenue streams and prudently manage expenses is aimed at mitigating uncertainties and building on growth opportunities by leveraging our proprietary data, clearing, markets, and technology solutions. The dynamic operating environment has necessitated an increased investment in technology to meet rising demand for speed, data, and connectivity by market participants. Our mortgage technology business is intended to enable greater workflow efficiency for customers focused on originating U.S. residential mortgage loans, and we have implemented various strategies to address inefficiencies in the mortgage market. The integration of our technology platform aims to address the inefficiencies that exist in the U.S. residential mortgage market, from application through closing and the secondary market. We believe that the Black Knight ecosystem adds value for clients of all sizes across the mortgage and real estate lifecycles by helping organizations lower costs, increase efficiencies, grow their businesses, and reduce risk. Our operational flexibility and strategic initiatives are designed to enhance our resilience in the face of external pressures and environmental perturbations. We have also focused on increasing our operational resources and capabilities to adapt to changing market conditions and customer needs, ensuring that we can maintain performance under pressure. The importance of transparent markets, centralized clearing, and access to data is emphasized by recent changes in global financial reform, which may create uncertainty for market participants and affect trading volumes or demand for market data. Our ongoing efforts to enhance our organizational resilience are reflected in our ability to foresee, confront, and benefit from sudden disruptive change, ensuring our survival and growth in a turbulent market environment.