The company intends for this discussion to provide the reader with information that will assist in understanding our financial statements, the changes in certain key items in those financial statements from year to year, and the primary factors that accounted for those changes. We believe these sources of liquidity will continue to support our business for the next twelve months. Our continued investment in the pro customer helped generate broad-based demand with positive comparable sales in our core pro categories. Our perpetual productivity improvement initiatives continued to gain efficiencies through our enhanced labor management tools, store inventory management system, and improved pricing capabilities. We expect these initiatives and our investments in the business to deliver operating margin productivity and drive meaningful long-term shareholder value going forward. We have continued to invest in our front-line associates, reflecting our commitment to becoming the employer of choice in retail. With the sale of our Canadian retail business, we are focused on the transformation of our U.S. home improvement business to further enhance our operating margin, simplify our business model, and deliver sustainable value to our shareholders. The typical homeowner today has significant equity in his or her home, while the housing stock continues to age. These factors, along with strong millennial household formation, elderly preference to age in place, and widespread remote work, continue to support the home improvement market, and we believe we are well-positioned to gain market share through our total home strategy. We believe that the following accounting policies affect the most significant estimates and management judgments used in preparing the consolidated financial statements. Our capital expenditures generally consist of investments in our strategic initiatives to enhance our ability to serve customers, improve existing stores, and support expansion plans. We have a $2.0 billion five-year unsecured revolving credit agreement, which has a maturity date of December 2026 and an aggregate availability of $2.0 billion. The amount available to be drawn under the credit agreements is reduced by the amount of borrowings under our commercial paper program. We also apply judgment in the determination of levels of obsolete inventory and assumptions about net realizable value. We believe that we have sufficient current and historical knowledge to record reasonable estimates for both of these inventory reserves. Our impairment evaluations require us to apply judgment in determining whether a triggering event has occurred, including the evaluation of whether it is more likely than not that a location will be closed or an asset will be otherwise disposed of significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful life. We also consider there to be a triggering event when there is a current expectation that it is more likely than not that a given location will be closed or otherwise disposed of significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful life. We have excess insurance coverage above certain retention amounts to limit exposure from single events and earnings volatility. Our self-insurance claims filed and claims incurred but not reported are accrued based upon our estimates of the discounted ultimate cost for self-insured claims incurred using actuarial assumptions followed in the insurance industry and historical experience. We have not made any material changes in the methodology used to establish our self-insurance liability during the past three fiscal years.