Throughout this process, our priority has been the safety and well-being of our employees and their families. We continue to monitor the effects of the Russian invasion of Ukraine and the related impacts to regional and global economies. The full extent to which this matter affects our business, results of operations and financial condition will depend on future developments, including the duration of the invasion and the impacts on regional and global economies, which are uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. Our investments in new networks, such as open banking solutions and digital identity capabilities, support and strengthen our payments and services solutions. We rely on existing liquidity, cash generated from operations and access to capital to fund our global operations, credit and settlement exposure, capital expenditures, investments in our business and current and potential obligations. Our liquidity and access to capital could be negatively impacted by global credit market conditions. The risk of loss on these guarantees is specific to individual customers, but may also be driven by regional or global economic conditions, including, but not limited to the health of the financial institutions in a country or region. Our liquidity and access to capital could also be negatively impacted by the outcome of any of the legal or regulatory proceedings to which we are a party. We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and investment securities balances, our cash flow generating capabilities, and our access to capital resources are sufficient to satisfy our future operating cash needs, capital asset purchases, outstanding commitments and other liquidity requirements associated with our existing operations and potential obligations which include litigation provisions and credit and settlement exposure. We have taken steps necessary to ensure compliance with all applicable regulatory restrictions with sanctioned entities and individuals and have suspended our business operations with non-sanctioned customers in Russia. We have recorded a net charge directly related to imposed sanctions and the suspension of our business operations in Russia, which included general and administrative expenses primarily related to incremental employee-related costs and reserves on uncollectible balances with certain sanctioned customers. The components of operating expenses increased primarily due to higher personnel costs, travel and meeting costs, and unfavorable foreign exchange activity. Our general and administrative expenses increased, which includes growth from acquisitions, and was primarily due to higher personnel costs to support our continued investment in our strategic initiatives across payments, services and new networks. We have historically paid quarterly dividends on our outstanding class A common stock and class B common stock. The declaration and payment of future dividends is at the sole discretion of our board of directors after taking into account various factors, including our financial condition, operating results, available cash and current and anticipated cash needs. We continue to analyze the impacts of the Inflation Reduction Act; however, it is not expected to have a material impact on our financial statements. We account for our business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting, and determining the fair value of assets acquired requires management's judgment. We regularly review the status of each significant matter and assess its potential financial exposure, and if the potential loss from any claim or legal proceeding is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated, we accrue a liability for the estimated loss. Our judgments are subjective based on the status of the legal or regulatory proceedings, the merits of our defenses and consultation with in-house and outside legal counsel.