Merck is working cross-functionally across the globe to monitor and mitigate interruptions to business continuity resulting from the war in Ukraine, including its impact on Merck's supply chain, operations, and clinical trials. The company is continuing to supply essential medicines and vaccines in Russia while working to maintain compliance with international sanctions. Although COVID-19-related disruptions had some negative effect on sales in 2022, Merck continues to believe that global health systems and patients have largely adapted to the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. The company expects sales of Lagevrio will decline significantly in 2023, reflecting the waning impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Merck's revenue in 2022 benefited from sales of Lagevrio, which were $5.7 billion. The company is experiencing some minor disruption and volatility in its global supply chain network due to global macroeconomic conditions. These disruptions could increase in the future and cause delays in shipments of raw materials and packaging, as well as related cost inflation. Merck continues to execute strategic business development opportunities to augment its robust internal pipeline with compelling external science. The company remains committed to its dividend and will continue to pursue the most compelling external science through value-enhancing business development transactions. Merck's capital allocation priorities are to make investments in its business to drive near- and long-term growth, including investing in opportunities to address important unmet medical needs and supporting the company's commercial opportunities. During 2022, the company received numerous regulatory approvals within oncology, reflecting its ongoing commitment to innovation and adaptation in response to changing market conditions. The company is also using its resources to help alleviate the humanitarian crisis in Ukraine, including through donations of funds and products. Merck's strategic initiatives include collaborations and licensing agreements that enhance its research and development capabilities, reflecting a proactive approach to addressing future challenges. The company anticipates that actions taken in response to external pressures, such as the war in Ukraine and the COVID-19 pandemic, will continue to shape its operational flexibility and resilience strategies. The financial impacts of the war were immaterial to the company's consolidated financial statements for 2022, and the company is unable to determine at this time the future direct or indirect impacts of this war on its business. Merck's strong financial profile enables it to fund research and development, focus on external alliances, support in-line products, and maximize upcoming launches while providing significant cash returns to shareholders. The company believes that its sources of financing will be adequate to meet its future requirements, reflecting a commitment to maintaining organizational health and resilience in the face of adversity.