Servicenow was founded on a simple premise: a better technology platform will help work flow better. The now platform enables our customers' digital transformation from non-integrated enterprise technology solutions with manual and disconnected processes and activities to integrated enterprise technology solutions with automation and connected processes and activities. The transformation to digital operations, enabled by the now platform, increases our customers' resiliency and security and delivers great experiences and additional value to their employees and consumers. We are closely monitoring the unfolding events of the Russian invasion of Ukraine. While the Russia-Ukraine conflict is still evolving and the outcome remains highly uncertain, we do not believe the Russia-Ukraine conflict will have a material impact on our business and results of operations. However, if the Russia-Ukraine conflict continues or worsens, leading to greater global economic disruptions and uncertainty, our business and results of operations could be materially impacted. We have generated positive operating cash flows for more than ten years as we continue to grow our business in pursuit of our business strategy, and we expect to grow our business and generate positive cash flows from operations during 2023. Our working capital requirements are principally comprised of non-contract workforce salaries, bonuses, commissions, and benefits and, to a lesser extent, cancellable and non-cancelable licenses and services arrangements that are integral to our business operations, and operating lease obligations. We expect subscription revenues for the year ending December 31, 2023 to increase in absolute dollars and increase slightly as a percentage of revenue as we continue to add new customers and existing customers increase their usage of our products compared to the year ended December 31, 2022. We have historically experienced seasonality in terms of when we enter into customer agreements. We sign a significantly higher percentage of agreements with new customers, as well as expansion with existing customers, in the fourth quarter of each year. This seasonality of entering into customer agreements is sometimes not immediately apparent in our revenues, due to the fact that we recognize subscription revenues from our cloud offering contracts over the term of the subscription agreement, which is generally 12 to 36 months, leading to a higher remaining performance obligation in the fourth quarter. Our renewal rate was 98% for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. We expect our cost of subscription revenues for the year ending December 31, 2023 to increase in absolute dollars as we provide subscription services to more customers and increase usage within our customer instances and to increase slightly as a percentage of revenue compared to the year ended December 31, 2022. We will continue to incur incremental costs to attract customers in regulated markets by adopting public cloud offerings as well as increased support for customers impacted by new and evolving data residency requirements. Our capital expenditures are typically under cancellable arrangements primarily used to support the installed base and growth of our hosted business. We anticipate cash flows generated from operations, cash, cash equivalents, and investments will be sufficient to meet our liquidity needs for at least the next 12 months. As we look beyond the next 12 months, we seek to continue to grow free cash flows necessary to fund our operations and grow our business.