We believe that our services are differentiated based on our focus on oracle technologies, extensive experience, broad sets of intellectual property and best practices. Our cloud and license business engages in the sale and marketing of our applications and infrastructure technologies that are delivered through various deployment models and include oracle license support offerings; oracle cloud services offerings; and oracle cloud license and on-premise license offerings. Our cloud services deliver applications and infrastructure technologies on a subscription basis via cloud-based deployment models that we develop, provide unspecified updates and enhancements for, deploy, host, manage and support. We continue to place significant emphasis, both domestically and internationally, on direct sales through our own sales force. We also continue to market certain of our offerings through indirect channels. The majority of our hardware products are sold through indirect channels, including independent distributors and value-added resellers. Our selective and active acquisition program is another important element of our corporate strategy. We believe that we can fund our future acquisitions with our internally available cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities balances, cash generated from operations, additional borrowings or from the issuance of additional securities. We expect certain of these expenses may normalize in future periods provided global economic and health conditions improve. Our cloud services and license support revenues represented 71% of our total revenues during each of fiscal 2022 and 2021 and 70% of our total revenues during fiscal 2020. Our cloud and license business' revenue growth is affected by many factors, including the strength of general economic and business conditions; governmental budgetary constraints; the strategy for and competitive position of our offerings; customer satisfaction with our offerings; the continued renewal of our cloud services and license support customer contracts by the customer contract base; and our ability to manage oracle cloud capacity requirements to meet existing and prospective customer demand. We experienced COVID-19 related impacts to our businesses during fiscal 2022 and 2021. We expect to make investments in research and development to improve existing hardware products and services and to develop new hardware products and services. Our hardware business also earns revenues from the sale of hardware support contracts purchased by our customers at their option and that are generally recognized as revenues ratably as the hardware support services are delivered over the contractual term. Our services offerings are designed to help maximize the performance of customer investments in oracle applications and infrastructure technologies and substantially include our consulting services and advanced customer services offerings. We believe these factors should contribute to future growth in our cloud and license business' total revenues, which should enable us to continue to make investments in research and development and our cloud operations to develop, improve, increase the capacity of and expand the geographic footprint of our cloud and license products and services. Our management approved, committed to and initiated the 2022 restructuring plan and the 2019 restructuring plan in order to restructure and further improve efficiencies in our operations. We may incur additional restructuring expenses in future periods due to the initiation of new restructuring plans or from changes in estimated costs associated with existing restructuring plans. The majority of the initiatives undertaken by our 2022 restructuring plan were effected to implement our continued emphasis in developing, marketing, selling and delivering our cloud-based offerings. We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities balances, cash generated from operations, and the revolving credit agreement and the bridge credit agreement will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditures and contractual obligations requirements.