During 2022, the company continued to experience the effects of macroeconomic challenges such as raw material inflation, less than optimal raw material availability, armed conflict in Europe, and COVID-related lockdowns in Asia. Our focus on cost control measures remains steady as we execute on targeted restructuring actions to simplify our business. The growth investments we made during the year, including five completed acquisitions, are well-positioned to contribute to our resilient portfolio. While we anticipate a challenging demand environment in 2023, our long-term strategy and customer-focused solutions drive confidence in our outlook. We are focused on gaining market share despite this challenging environment, while leveraging our exposure in more historically resilient end markets such as residential repaint, property maintenance, auto refinish, and packaging. Our deliberate cost control and ongoing continuous improvement initiatives, coupled with anticipated raw material cost deflation, are expected to drive full-year gross margin expansion in 2023. The company generated $1.920 billion in net operating cash despite higher raw material costs and inflationary pressures which negatively impacted gross margin and net income. This strong cash generation enabled the company to invest $1.003 billion in acquisitions and $644.5 million in capital expenditures, and return $1.502 billion to shareholders in the form of cash dividends and share repurchases during the year. The company has plans to invest in the construction of new facilities, including our new global headquarters and new research and development center, and in the expansion of certain existing manufacturing and distribution facilities. In 2023, the company expects to spend more than in 2022 for capital expenditures, which it will fund primarily through operating cash generated. The company believes that cash generated from operating activities and borrowings available under long-term and short-term debt will be sufficient for it to meet its contractual and other obligations and commercial commitments. Management expects environmental laws and regulations to impose increasingly stringent requirements upon the company and the industry in the future. The company conducts its operations in compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations and has implemented various programs designed to protect the environment and promote continued compliance. The company is involved with environmental investigation and remediation activities at some of its currently and formerly owned sites. The company continuously assesses its potential liability for investigation and remediation-related activities and adjusts its environmental-related accruals as information becomes available upon which more accurate costs can be reasonably estimated. The company believes that it has properly accrued for all known liabilities that existed and those where a loss was deemed probable for which a fair value was available or an amount could be reasonably estimated. The company has entered into an agreement to sell its current headquarters and R&D center, with the sale expected to be completed during 2023. The annual impairment review performed as of October 1, 2022, which incorporated the impact of a business restructuring plan, did not result in any of the reporting units having impairment or deemed at risk for impairment. The company has sufficient total available borrowing capacity to fund its current operating needs and is committed to maintaining operational continuity and flexibility in response to external pressures.