We continue to execute our customer first, people led, innovation driven strategy, focusing on the parts of our market that value our integrated global network and building capabilities that matter to our customers. A number of macroeconomic factors contributed to a challenging operating environment in 2022, including global inflation and rising interest rates, recessionary forecasts, wage and labor market pressures, geopolitical uncertainties, and foreign currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar. We continued to be affected by COVID-19 lockdowns in China that impacted both manufacturing and supply chains. These factors resulted in disruptions to certain parts of our business, negatively impacted demand for our services, and contributed to increases in certain of our operating costs. Despite the challenging macroeconomic environment, our strategic execution strengthened our balance sheet and resulted in the generation of strong cash flows for the year. We anticipate these factors will continue to impact us into 2023. Our strategic execution involved enhancing customer engagement through combining our network with digital capabilities to drive new services, while at the same time increasing efficiencies and remaining disciplined with capital allocation. We completed the acquisition of Delivery Solutions, a digital platform that optimizes customer deliveries across multiple networks, and the acquisition of Bomi Group, which will accelerate our growth in healthcare logistics by expanding our footprint and bringing additional expertise in cold chain logistics. In the U.S. domestic package segment, revenue growth resulted from higher fuel revenue, driven by increases in both price per gallon and in fuel surcharge rates as part of our pricing initiatives, as well as improvements in revenue quality and customer mix. Operating expenses increased, driven by higher fuel prices and higher compensation and benefits expense, primarily in our U.S. domestic package segment. We expect overall average daily volume year-over-year growth rates will continue to decline in the first half of 2023 and then grow through the remainder of the year as economic conditions improve. We anticipate that the cost per piece growth rate will be elevated in the first quarter of 2023 and will then moderate throughout the remainder of the year. We expect our productivity initiatives will continue to help offset rising compensation and benefit costs. We continue to monitor the evolving impact of Russia's invasion of Ukraine on the global economy. We will continue adjusting our network in order to mitigate these impacts. Our ongoing efforts to improve our working capital efficiency are supported by a supply chain finance program offered to certain of our suppliers. We regularly evaluate opportunities to optimize our capital structure, including through issuances of debt to refinance existing debt and to fund operations. We expect to fund our obligations and other discretionary payments primarily through cash from operations. We anticipate making discretionary contributions to our company-sponsored U.S. defined benefit pension and postretirement medical plans of approximately $1.2 billion in 2023. We have outstanding letters of credit and surety bonds, and we expect our capital expenditures will be approximately $5.3 billion in 2023, of which approximately 50 percent will be allocated to expansion projects. Our investment program anticipates investments in technology initiatives and enhanced network capabilities, including over $1.0 billion of projects to support our environmental sustainability goals. We expect growth to continue in 2023, including revenue from Bomi Group, which we acquired in the fourth quarter. We experienced lower volumes from certain large customers on U.S. export trade lanes due to the strength of the U.S. dollar and the economic factors discussed above.