We are a global biotechnology company that invests in scientific innovation to create transformative medicines for people with serious diseases, focusing on specialty markets. Our strategy involves continuing to develop and obtain approval and reimbursement for treatment regimens that will provide benefits to all people with cystic fibrosis (CF) and increasing the number of people with CF eligible and able to receive our medicines. We believe that pursuing research in diverse areas allows us to balance the risks inherent in product development and may provide product candidates that will form our pipeline in future years. Our approach includes advancing multiple compounds from each program into early clinical trials to obtain patient data that can inform the selection of the most promising compounds for later-stage development. We closely monitor the results of our discovery, research, clinical trials, and nonclinical studies and frequently evaluate our product development programs in light of new data and scientific, business, and commercial insights, with the objective of balancing risk and potential. This process can result in rapid changes in focus and priorities as new information becomes available. We are focused on ensuring the stability of the supply chains for our current products, as well as for our pipeline programs. Our business environment is influenced by the need to ensure appropriate manufacturing and reimbursement of our products. We dedicate substantial management and other resources to obtain and maintain appropriate levels of reimbursement for our products from third-party payors. We plan to continue to engage in discussions with numerous commercial insurers and managed health care organizations to ensure that payors recognize the significant benefits that our medicines provide. Our investments in product candidates are subject to considerable risks, and the successful development of our product candidates is highly uncertain and subject to a number of risks. The duration and cost of discovery, nonclinical studies, and clinical trials may vary significantly over the life of a project and are difficult to predict. We expect our development expenses to continue to increase as a result of our advancing pipeline programs. We are investing in both our internal headcount, leveraging outsourced services, and investing in infrastructure to support these programs. Our research and development expenses include internal and external costs incurred for research and development of our products and product candidates. We have established a strategic collaboration and licensing agreement with Entrada Therapeutics focused on discovering and developing therapeutics. We expect to continue to identify and evaluate collaboration and licensing opportunities that may complement our ongoing research and development efforts. Our acquisition of Viacyte was accounted for as a business combination, and we expect to continue to identify and evaluate potential acquisitions. Our strategic investments are maintained and managed separately from our other cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. We have significant future capital requirements, including expected operating expenses to conduct research and development activities, manufacture and commercialize our existing and future products, and to operate our organization. We may enter into additional business development transactions that require additional capital. We are focused on ensuring operational continuity and adaptability in response to changing market conditions and external pressures.