We operate in a highly competitive omni-channel retail industry in all of the markets we serve. We face strong sales competition from other discount, department, drug, dollar, variety and specialty stores, warehouse clubs and supermarkets, as well as ecommerce, health and wellness, financial services, advertising, and data service businesses. Many of these competitors are national, regional or international chains or have a national or international omni-channel or ecommerce presence. We compete with a number of companies for attracting and retaining quality associates. We, along with other retail companies, are influenced by a number of factors including, but not limited to: catastrophic events, weather and other risks related to climate change, global health epidemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic, competitive pressures, consumer disposable income, consumer debt levels and buying patterns, consumer credit availability, disruptions in supply chain, inventory management, cost and availability of goods, currency exchange rate fluctuations, customer preferences, inflation, deflation, fuel and energy prices, general economic conditions, insurance costs, interest rates, labor availability and costs, tax rates, the imposition of tariffs, cybersecurity attacks and unemployment. We are committed to helping customers save money and live better through everyday low prices, supported by everyday low costs. However, like other retail companies, we have seen supply chain disruptions contributing to higher than normal inventory levels throughout the year. In addition, our merchandise costs for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 have been impacted by high inflation, greater than what we have experienced in recent years. The impact to our net sales and gross profit margin is influenced in part by our pricing and merchandising strategies in response to cost increases. Those pricing strategies include, but are not limited to: absorbing cost increases instead of passing those cost increases on to our customers and members; reducing prices in certain merchandise categories; focusing on opening price points for certain food categories; and when necessary, passing cost increases on to our customers and members. Our strategic actions to strengthen our portfolio include the sale of Walmart Argentina, Asda, and Seiyu, as well as the buyout of the noncontrolling interest shareholders of our Massmart subsidiary. We expect continued uncertainty in our business and the global economy due to pressure from inflation; swings in macroeconomic conditions and their effect on consumer confidence; volatility in employment trends; supply chain pressures; and ongoing uncertainties related to global health epidemics or pandemics, any of which may impact our results. We define our financial framework as: strong, efficient growth; consistent operating discipline; and strategic capital allocation. We prioritize strong, efficient growth by focusing on the most productive growth opportunities, increasing comparable store and club sales, accelerating ecommerce sales growth, and expanding omni-channel initiatives. We operate with discipline by managing expenses, optimizing the efficiency of how we work, and creating an environment in which we have sustainable lowest cost to serve. We invest in technology and process improvements to increase productivity, manage inventory and reduce costs. Our liquidity and capital resources are supported by cash flows provided by operating activities, supplemented with long-term debt and short-term borrowings, which have been sufficient to fund our operations while allowing us to invest in activities that support the long-term growth of our operations. We believe our sources of liquidity will continue to be sufficient to fund operations, finance our global investment activities, pay dividends, and fund our share repurchases for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future.