We operate in a rapidly changing environment that involves significant risks, many of which are beyond our control. Global economic and political conditions may further impact our business, financial results, and financial condition. As our business has expanded globally, we have increasingly become subject to risks arising from adverse changes in global economic and political conditions. Uncertainty about current and future economic and political conditions makes it difficult for us to forecast operating results and to make decisions about future investments. A slower economic recovery in industries important to our business may adversely affect our business, financial results, and financial condition. Our ability to meet our long-term financial targets may also be adversely affected if a macro-economic recovery does not occur as rapidly as anticipated. We are focused on providing solutions to enable our customers to be more agile and collaborative on their projects. Our strategy to develop and introduce new products and services exposes us to risks such as limited customer acceptance, costs related to product defects, and large expenditures that may not result in additional net revenue or could result in decreased net revenue. Our entry into 3D printing presents many of the risks concerning developing and introducing new products as well as new risks for us. We are dependent on international revenue and operations, exposing us to significant regulatory, global economic, intellectual property, collections, currency exchange rate, taxation, political instability, and other risks, which could adversely impact our financial results. Our dependency on international revenue makes us much more exposed to global economic and political trends, which can negatively impact our financial results. We have processes to ensure that we assess the creditworthiness of distributors and resellers prior to our sales to them. If our distributors and resellers were to become insolvent, they would not be able to maintain their business and sales, or provide customer support services, which would negatively impact our business and revenue. We rely significantly upon major distributors and resellers in both the U.S. and international regions. Our ability to effectively distribute our products depends in part upon the financial and business condition of our distributor and reseller network. We have developed disaster recovery plans and maintain backup systems in order to reduce the potential impact of a catastrophic event; however, there can be no assurance that these plans and systems would enable us to return to normal business operations. Our business is highly automated and relies extensively on the availability of our network and data center infrastructure, our internal technology systems, and our websites. The failure of our systems or hosted computer services due to a catastrophic event could adversely impact our business, financial results, and financial condition. We believe that customer adoption of our new offerings will continue to grow as customers across a range of industries begin to take advantage of the scalable computing power and flexibility provided through these new services. Our strategy includes improving our product functionality and expanding our product offerings through internal development as well as through the acquisition of products, technology, and businesses. The risks associated with such acquisitions include the difficulty of assimilating products, operations, and personnel, inheriting liabilities, and the failure to realize anticipated revenue and cost projections. We are committed to helping our customers address complex challenges such as globalization, urbanization, and sustainable design, and we are capitalizing on our competitive advantages to achieve these goals.