Our business plan calls for extensive investment in capital improvements and additions, including the installation of environmental upgrades and retrofits, construction of additional transmission facilities, and modernizing existing infrastructure. We believe our experience with transmission facilities construction and operation gives us an advantage over other competitors in securing authorization to install, construct, and operate new transmission lines and facilities. However, there can be no assurance that regulatory bodies will authorize any new transmission projects or will award any such projects to us. Our performance is highly dependent on the successful operation of our generation, transmission, and distribution facilities, which involves risks such as operator error, breakdown or failure of equipment, and compliance with mandatory reliability standards. We are exposed to nuclear generation risk, including potential harmful effects on the environment and human health, uncertainties with respect to contingencies triggered by a loss event, and the technological and financial aspects of decommissioning nuclear plants. Our ability to obtain adequate and timely recovery of costs associated with our nuclear facilities is not assured. The different regional power markets in which we compete have changing market and transmission structures, which could affect our performance in these regions. We expect that a growing portion of our earnings will derive from transmission investments, but if regulatory bodies do not allow recovery of costs incurred in providing service on a timely basis, it could reduce future net income and cash flows. Our financial performance may be adversely affected if we are unable to successfully operate our facilities or perform certain corporate functions. Catastrophic events such as fires, earthquakes, and cyber intrusions could severely impair our operations and lead to significant expenses. We maintain a comprehensive cyber security program designed to protect our data and systems, but cyber threats continue to evolve, posing a risk of successful attacks despite our compliance efforts. Our reliance on access to capital markets is significant for liquidity, and volatility in financial markets could affect our ability to raise capital. Downgrades in our credit ratings could negatively impact our access to capital and our ability to operate our power trading businesses. Our operations are subject to extensive environmental regulations, and compliance with these legal requirements requires significant capital commitments, which could reduce future net income. We may not recover all costs related to mitigating physical and financial risks associated with climate change, which could impact our revenues. Our ability to manage and operate our business may be adversely affected by failure to attract and retain a qualified workforce, leading to increased costs and loss of internal knowledge. Changes in commodity prices and transport costs may increase our production costs or decrease revenues from power sales. Our power trading activities expose us to risks from price movements, and fluctuations in market prices for fuel and power may result from various factors, including weather conditions and economic conditions. We depend on transmission facilities owned and operated by other nonaffiliated power companies, and if these facilities do not provide adequate capacity, we may not be able to deliver our wholesale electric power.