We face a wide range of risks, and our continued success depends on our ability to identify, prioritize, and appropriately manage our enterprise risk exposures. Difficult conditions in global capital markets and the economy could have a material adverse effect on our investments, capital position, revenue, profitability, and liquidity and harm our business. Our results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the global capital markets and the global economy generally. Weak global financial markets impact the value of our existing investment portfolio and may contribute to generally weak economic fundamentals, which can have a negative impact on our operating activities. The financial crisis that began in 2008 saw dramatic declines in investment values and weak economic conditions as the global financial system came under extreme pressure. Although U.S. markets began recovering as early as late 2009 and 2010, Europe continued to struggle under a severely weakened banking system and investor concerns with sovereign debt levels. A retrenchment of the recent improvements in overall capital market health could adversely affect our financial condition, including our capital position and overall profitability. Market volatility and recessionary pressures could result in significant realized or unrealized losses due to severe price declines driven by increases in interest rates or credit spreads, defaults in payment of principal or interest, and credit rating downgrades. Our investment portfolio owns sizeable credit positions in many geographic areas of the world, and deterioration in their underlying economies or financial market conditions could negatively impact our financial position. We are also exposed to credit risk through our investments in perpetual securities, which may contain provisions allowing the borrower to defer paying interest. Our risk management policies and procedures may prove to be ineffective and leave us exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risk, which could adversely affect our businesses or result in losses. We have developed an enterprise-wide risk management framework to mitigate risk and loss to the company. However, there are inherent limitations to risk management strategies because there may exist, or develop in the future, risks that we have not appropriately anticipated or identified. In times of market stress, unanticipated market movements or unanticipated claims experience may limit the effectiveness of our risk management strategies. Our ability to earn the returns we expect due to low interest rates may also influence our ability to develop and price attractive new products and impact our overall sales levels. We are subject to certain risks as a result of our investments in perpetual securities, which do not have a stated maturity date and may have provisions that allow for deferred interest payments. The financial crisis also created new government regulation, including the Dodd-Frank financial regulatory reform bill for U.S. institutions, which could impact our business as rules are finalized and implemented. Our operations are exposed to the risk of catastrophic events including epidemics, pandemics, and acts of terrorism. The extent of losses from a catastrophe is a function of both the total amount of insured exposure in the area affected by the event and the severity of the event. Our insurance products provide fixed-benefit amounts per occurrence that are not subject to medical-cost inflation, and our business is widely dispersed in both the United States and Japan, which mitigates the risk of a significant unexpected increase in claims payments due to catastrophic events. We operate in a competitive environment and in an industry that is subject to ongoing changes from market pressures brought about by customer demands, legislative reform, and changes to health care delivery. These factors require us to anticipate market trends and make changes to differentiate our products and services from those of our competitors.