In addition to the normal risks of business, we are subject to significant risks and uncertainties, including those related to catastrophic events that can materially affect our operating results and financial condition. Despite our catastrophe management programs, we are exposed to catastrophes that could have a material effect on our operating results and financial condition. We utilize models developed by third-party vendors as well as our own historic data in assessing our property insurance exposure to catastrophe losses. The nature and level of catastrophes in any period cannot be predicted and could be material to our operating results and financial condition. We are also exposed to assessments from various state-created insurance facilities, which may lead to significant losses that surpass the capitalization of these facilities. Our ability to afford reinsurance required to reduce our catastrophe risk may depend upon our ability to adjust rates for its cost. We are subject to claims arising from weather events, and the incidence and severity of weather conditions are largely unpredictable. Unexpected increases in the severity or frequency of claims may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. We pursue various loss management initiatives in order to mitigate future increases in claim severity, although there can be no assurances that these initiatives will successfully identify or reduce the effect of future increases. Our operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected by various factors, including changes in the regulatory environment that limit rate increases and require us to underwrite business in a manner that may not allow us to achieve targeted levels of profitability. Our sophisticated pricing and underwriting methods have allowed us to be more competitive; however, competitive pressures could force us to modify these models. The property and casualty market has experienced periods characterized by high levels of price competition, which may adversely affect our operating results. We are also subject to significant risks associated with the performance of our investment portfolio, which may be impacted by adverse changes in interest rates, credit spreads, equity prices, or currency exchange rates. Our investment strategy emphasizes protection of principal and consistent income generation, which is designed to ensure financial strength and stability for paying claims. We are focused on managing our exposure to interest rate risk by maintaining a shorter maturity profile in our investment portfolio. Our enterprise risk and return management framework provides a comprehensive view of risks and opportunities and is used by senior leaders to drive strategic and business decisions. We continuously validate and improve our risk management practices by benchmarking and securing external perspectives. Our governance structure includes an executive management committee that establishes risk-return targets and directs integrated strategies from an enterprise perspective. The shared framework establishes a basis for transparency and dialogue across the organization, embedding a culture of identifying, measuring, managing, monitoring, and reporting risks. We have implemented various strategic initiatives to optimize returns on risk-adjusted capital, including reducing exposure to rising interest rates and improving profitability through customer-focused growth strategies. Our catastrophe management strategy is intended to provide shareholders with an acceptable return on the risks assumed in our property business while reducing variability of earnings and providing protection to our customers.