This report and other documents we file with the SEC contain forward-looking statements that are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts, and projections about us, our future performance, our business, our beliefs, and our management's assumptions. Our business is subject to extensive regulation by numerous state and federal governmental authorities in the United States, including the FDA, and by foreign regulatory authorities, including the EMA. We are required to continuously collect and assess adverse events reported to us and to communicate to regulatory agencies these adverse events and safety signals regarding our products. Our ability to adequately and timely manufacture and supply our products and product candidates is dependent on the uninterrupted and efficient operation of our facilities and those of our third-party contract manufacturers. We must conduct clinical trials in humans before we can commercialize and sell any of our product candidates or existing products for new indications. We rely on independent third-party clinical investigators to recruit subjects and conduct clinical trials on our behalf in accordance with the applicable study protocols and laws and regulations. We are also dependent on those third-party companies continuing to meet the applicable regulatory and other requirements to maintain that approval or clearance once it has been received. Our restructuring plan allows us to invest in continuing innovation and the launch of our new pipeline molecules while improving our cost structure. We expect to face increasing competition from biosimilars and must develop new products over time in order to offset revenue losses when products lose their exclusivity or competing products are launched. Our long-term success depends to a great extent on our ability to continue to discover, develop, and commercialize innovative products and acquire or collaborate on therapies currently in development by other companies. We have an ongoing process of evaluating potential merger, acquisition, partnering, and in-license opportunities that we expect will contribute to our future growth and expand our geographic footprint, product offerings, and/or our R&D pipeline. Our business will continue to face various challenges, including increasing competitive pressure as a result of competitive product launches and significant operational risks. We are increasingly dependent upon information technology systems, infrastructure, and data, which make them inherently vulnerable to service interruption or destruction, malicious intrusion, and random attack. Our operations and performance have been, and may continue to be, affected by economic conditions in the United States and throughout the world. Our ability to manage operational risks effectively is critical to maintaining organizational resilience. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to effectively mitigate all operational risks, and if we fail to adequately manage our operational risks or if we or our agents fail to comply with any regulations, a range of actions could result, including the termination of clinical trials, the failure to approve a product candidate, restrictions on our products or manufacturing processes, withdrawal of our products from the market, significant fines, exclusion from government healthcare programs, or other sanctions or litigation. Our current products and products in development cannot be sold without regulatory approval, and obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval has been and will continue to be increasingly difficult, time-consuming, and costly.