Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including market fluctuations and economic, political, and other factors that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. These factors may impact our ability to achieve our strategic objectives and could lead to declines and volatility in U.S. and global market conditions. The profitability of our products and services depends on fees related primarily to the value of assets under management, which are subject to fluctuation based on market conditions and client activity. Downturns and volatility in equity markets can have an adverse effect on our revenues and returns from our asset management services, retail advisory accounts, and variable annuity contracts. We believe that investment performance is an important factor in the success of many of our businesses, and poor investment performance could impair our revenues and earnings, as well as our prospects for growth. Our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by changes in consumer economic variables, including the level of consumer confidence and consumer debt, which may substantially affect client activity in all of our businesses. Furthermore, we may face risks arising from acquisitions and divestitures, including difficulties in the integration of acquired businesses into our operations and the retention of existing customers. Our businesses operate in intensely competitive industry segments, and we compete based on various factors, including service quality, investment performance, and perceived financial strength. Our ability to attract and retain qualified individuals is critical to our success, and the market for financial advisors and portfolio managers is extremely competitive. We are dependent on our network of advisors for a significant portion of the sales of our products, and if we are unable to attract and retain qualified individuals, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely impacted. We have exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and the performance of other financial institutions could adversely affect us. Disruptions, uncertainty, or volatility in the capital and credit markets may also limit our access to capital required to operate our business. Our liquidity needs are satisfied primarily through our reserves and the cash generated by our operations, and we believe that the level of cash and securities we maintain is adequate to meet anticipated short-term and long-term benefit and expense payment obligations. However, if current resources are insufficient, we may need to access financing sources, which could depend on various factors, including market conditions and our credit ratings. We are subject to international, federal, and state regulations that require us to establish and maintain policies and procedures designed to protect sensitive client information. Our operational systems and networks are subject to evolving cybersecurity risks, which could result in the disclosure of confidential client information and damage to our reputation. We have implemented security measures designed to protect against breaches and other interference with our systems and networks. However, we cannot assure that our systems will not be subject to breaches or interference, which may result in operational disruptions and reputational damage. Our ability to manage operational, legal, and regulatory risks requires effective policies and procedures, and we are subject to the risk of errors and misconduct by our employees and advisors. The ongoing changes in the regulatory environment may produce results that could materially impact our operations, financial condition, and liquidity.