Our ability to successfully manage ongoing organizational change could impact our business results. We have begun and will continue to execute a number of significant business and organization changes to support our new strategic objectives. Successfully managing these changes, including successfully transitioning and stabilizing key business and functional processes, is critical to our business success. Failure or delay in transitioning key processes could result in disruptions to our business. Our developing market operations may be subject to greater risks than those faced by our operations in mature economies, including geopolitical, legal, economic, and talent risks. Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to manage the risks inherent in operating in a developing market, including unfamiliar regulatory environments, new relationships with local partners, language and cultural differences, and tailoring products for acceptance by local markets. The company's operations could be impacted by catastrophic events outside the company's control, including severe weather conditions, epidemics, or acts of war and terrorism. Any such event could cause a serious business disruption that could affect the company's ability to produce and distribute its products and possibly expose it to third-party liability claims. Additionally, such events could impact the company's suppliers or customers, in which event energy and raw materials may be unavailable to the company, or its customers may be unable to purchase or accept the company's products and services. The occurrence of any of these risks could have a material adverse impact on the company's financial condition, results of operation, and cash flow. We depend on information technology to enable us to operate efficiently and interface with customers as well as to maintain financial accuracy and efficiency. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, business disruptions, or the loss of or damage to our confidential business information through a security breach. Our business involves the use, storage, and transmission of information about its employees, vendors, and customers. The protection of such information is critical to the company. The regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with the frequent imposition of new and constantly changing requirements. We have established policies and procedures to help protect the security and privacy of this information. The company's business operations are subject to various risks, including operational and execution risks that may adversely affect the company's operations or financial results. The company's ability to meet customer requirements depends, in part, on the company's ability to properly maintain and replace aging assets. Failure to do so may expose the company to loss of revenue, potential litigation, and loss of business reputation. We believe we will be able to mitigate some of the increased costs through our contractual terms, but the lack of definitive legislation or regulatory requirements prevents an accurate estimate of the long-term impact on the company. We continue to develop technologies to help our facilities and our customers lower energy consumption, improve efficiency, and lower emissions. We are also developing a portfolio of technologies that capture carbon dioxide from power and chemical plants before it reaches the atmosphere, enable cleaner transportation fuels, and facilitate alternate fuel source development. The potential demand for clean coal and our carbon capture solutions could increase demand for oxygen, one of our main products, and our proprietary technology for delivering low-cost oxygen.