We are materially dependent on acceptance of our products by law enforcement markets, both domestic and international. If law enforcement agencies do not continue to purchase our products, our revenues will be adversely affected. The success of our evidence.com software-as-a-service ("saas") delivery model is materially dependent on acceptance of this business model by our law enforcement customers. Delayed or lengthy time to adoption by law enforcement agencies will negatively impact our sales and profitability. The hosted service delivery business model is not presently widely adopted by our law enforcement customer base. Delays in successfully securing widespread adoption of evidence.com services could adversely affect our revenues, profitability, and financial condition. Our future success will depend on our ability to develop new products or new product features that achieve market acceptance in a timely and cost-effective manner. We face risks associated with rapid technological change and new competing products. The technology associated with law enforcement devices is receiving significant attention and is rapidly evolving. Defects in our products could reduce demand for our products and result in a loss of sales, delay in market acceptance, and damage to our reputation. We devote significant resources to engineer secure products and ensure security vulnerabilities are mitigated. Despite these efforts, security measures may be breached as a result of third-party action, employee error, and malfeasance or otherwise. Interruptions or delays in service from our third-party cloud storage providers for our evidence.com service, or the loss or corruption of digitally stored evidence, would impair the delivery of our service and harm our business. Most of our end-user customers are subject to budgetary and political constraints that may delay or prevent sales. These agencies experience political pressure that may dictate the manner in which they spend money. As a result, even if an agency wants to acquire our products, it may be unable to purchase them due to budgetary or political constraints, particularly in challenging economic environments. We expend significant resources in anticipation of a sale due to our lengthy sales cycle and may receive no revenue in return. Adverse publicity surrounding our products or the safety of such products has in the past, and could in the future, lengthen our sales cycle with customers. We may incur substantial selling costs and expend significant effort in connection with the evaluation of our products by potential customers before they place an order. Our distribution strategy is to pursue sales through multiple channels with an emphasis on independent distributors and direct sales. Our inability to establish relationships with and retain law enforcement equipment distributors would adversely affect our sales. Acquisitions and joint ventures may have an adverse effect on our business. Catastrophic events may disrupt our business. A disruption or failure of our systems or operations in the event of a major earthquake, weather event, fire, cyber-attack, terrorist attack, or other catastrophic event could cause delays in completing sales, providing services, or performing other mission-critical functions. Our revenues and operating results may fluctuate unexpectedly from quarter-to-quarter, which may cause our stock price to decline. The company’s financial performance is subject to risks associated with changes in the value of the U.S. dollar versus local currencies. We depend on our ability to attract and retain our key management and technical personnel. Our success depends upon the continued service of our key management personnel. The competition for our key employees is intense. The loss of the service of one or more of our key personnel could harm our business.