Our commercial airplanes business depends heavily on commercial airlines, and is subject to unique risks. Significant deterioration in the global economic environment, the airline industry generally, or in the financial stability of one or more of our major customers could result in fewer new orders for aircraft or could cause customers to seek to postpone or cancel contractual orders and/or payments to us, which could result in lower revenues, profitability and cash flows and a reduction in our contractual backlog. Our commercial airplanes business depends on our ability to maintain a healthy production system, achieve planned production rate targets, successfully develop new aircraft or new derivative aircraft, and meet or exceed stringent performance and reliability standards. Operational challenges impacting the production system for one or more of our commercial aircraft programs could result in production delays and/or failure to meet customer demand for new aircraft, either of which would negatively impact our revenues and operating margins. We continue to seek opportunities to reduce the costs of building our aircraft, including working with our suppliers to reduce supplier costs, identifying and implementing productivity improvements, and optimizing how we manage inventory. If production rate ramp-up efforts at any of our commercial aircraft assembly facilities are delayed or if our suppliers cannot timely deliver components to us at the cost and rates necessary to achieve our targets, we may be unable to meet delivery schedules and the financial performance of one or more of our programs may suffer. We are monitoring political unrest involving Russia and Ukraine, where we and some of our suppliers source titanium products and/or have operations. Business disruptions could seriously affect our future sales and financial condition or increase our costs and expenses. Our business may be impacted by disruptions including threats to physical security, information technology or cyber-attacks or failures, damaging weather or other acts of nature and pandemics or other public health crises. Any of these disruptions could affect our internal operations or our ability to deliver products and services to our customers. Some of our and our suppliers' workforces are represented by labor unions, which may lead to work stoppages. Work stoppages and instability in our union relationships could delay the production and/or development of our products, which could strain relationships with customers and cause a loss of revenues which would adversely affect our operations. We have substantial pension and other postretirement benefit obligations, which have a material impact on our earnings, shareholders' equity and cash flows from operations and could have significant adverse impacts in future periods. Our operations expose us to the risk of material environmental liabilities. We are subject to various federal, state, local and non-u.s. laws and regulations related to environmental protection, including the discharge, treatment, storage, disposal and remediation of hazardous substances and wastes. Unauthorized access to our or our customers' information and systems could negatively impact our business. We face certain security threats, including threats to the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data and systems. We maintain an extensive network of technical security controls, policy enforcement mechanisms, monitoring systems and management oversight in order to address these threats. While these measures are designed to prevent, detect and respond to unauthorized activity in our systems, certain types of attacks, including cyber-attacks, could result in significant financial or information losses and/or reputational harm. We also could suffer reputational harm if allegations of impropriety were made against us, even if such allegations are later determined to be false. Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses - commercial airplanes and defense, space & security - supplemented and supported by Boeing Capital. We focus on producing the products and providing the services that the market demands and we price our products and services to provide a fair return for our shareholders while continuing to find new ways to improve efficiency and quality.