Difficult market conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, including reducing the ability of our investment funds to raise or deploy capital and reducing the volume of transactions involving our financial advisory business. Our business is materially affected by conditions in the global financial markets and economic conditions or events throughout the world that are outside our control, including changes in interest rates, availability of credit, inflation rates, and economic uncertainty. During periods of difficult market conditions or slowdowns, our funds' portfolio companies may experience adverse operating performance, decreased revenues, credit rating downgrades, financial losses, and difficulty in obtaining access to financing. Negative financial results in our investment funds' portfolio companies may result in lower investment returns, which could materially and adversely affect our ability to raise new funds as well as our operating results and cash flow. Furthermore, such negative market conditions could potentially result in a portfolio company entering bankruptcy proceedings, thereby potentially resulting in a complete loss of the fund's investment in such portfolio company and a significant negative impact on the investment fund's performance. Our operating performance may also be adversely affected by our fixed costs and other expenses and the possibility that we would be unable to scale back other costs within a time frame sufficient to match any decreases in revenue relating to changes in market and economic conditions. In order to reduce expenses in the face of a difficult economic environment, we may need to cut back or eliminate the use of certain services or service providers, or terminate the employment of a significant number of our personnel, which could adversely affect our operating results. Our financial advisory business can be materially affected by conditions in the global economy and various financial markets, as revenues generated by our financial advisory business are directly related to the volume and value of the transactions in which we are involved. During periods of unfavorable market or economic conditions, the volume and value of mergers and acquisitions transactions may decrease, thereby reducing the demand for our financial advisory services. We may also experience fluctuations in our results, including our revenue and net income, from quarter to quarter due to a number of factors, including changes in the values of our funds' investments, changes in the amount of distributions, dividends or interest paid in respect of investments, changes in our operating expenses, and general economic and market conditions. Our organizational structure does not limit our ability to enter into new lines of businesses, and we may expand into new investment strategies, geographic markets, and businesses, which may result in additional risks and uncertainties. Our plan is to grow our investment businesses and expand into new investment strategies, geographic markets, and businesses. We strive to maintain a work environment that reinforces our culture of collaboration, motivation, and alignment of interests with investors. If we do not continue to develop and implement the right processes and tools to manage our changing enterprise and maintain this culture, our ability to compete successfully and achieve our business objectives could be impaired, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We recognize the importance of maintaining operational flexibility and adaptability in response to changing market conditions and pressures, which is essential for sustaining our competitive advantage and ensuring organizational resilience.