The statements in this section describe the most significant risks to our business and should be considered carefully in conjunction with management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations. Our business is highly sensitive to global and regional economic conditions and economic conditions in the industries we serve. The demand for our products and services tends to be cyclical and can be significantly reduced in an economic environment characterized by lower levels of government and business investment, lower levels of business confidence, lower corporate earnings, higher unemployment, and lower consumer spending. Economic conditions affecting the industries we serve may in the future also lead to reduced capital expenditures by our customers, likely leading to a decrease in the demand for our products. Decisions to purchase our products are dependent upon the performance of these industries, which in turn are dependent in part on commodity prices. A change in the global mix of regions and countries experiencing economic growth and investment could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We assume certain prices for key commodities in preparing our general economic and financial outlooks. Commodity prices lower than those assumed in our outlooks may negatively impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Disruptions or volatility in global financial markets could limit our sources of liquidity or the liquidity of our customers, dealers, and suppliers. Our global operations are exposed to political and economic risks, commercial instability, and events beyond our control in the countries in which we operate. The occurrence of one or more unexpected events, including natural disasters, may increase our cost of doing business or disrupt our operations. Unexpected events could result in physical damage to and complete or partial closure of one or more of our manufacturing facilities or distribution centers, temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of component products from some local and international suppliers, and delay in the delivery of our products to our distribution centers. We rely upon information technology systems and networks, some of which are managed by third parties, in connection with a variety of business activities. Information technology security threats are increasing in frequency and sophistication and pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of our data. We have experienced cybersecurity attacks that have resulted in unauthorized parties gaining access to our information technology systems and networks. The potential consequences of a material cybersecurity attack include reputational damage, litigation with third parties, and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs, which could adversely affect our competitiveness and results of operations. Our business is subject to the inventory management decisions and sourcing practices of our dealers and our OEM customers. If the inventory levels of our dealers and OEM customers are higher than they desire, they may postpone product purchases from us, which could cause our sales to be lower than the end-user demand for our products. We may not realize all of the anticipated benefits from cost-reduction initiatives, cash flow improvement initiatives, and efficiency or productivity initiatives. We expect to incur additional restructuring charges as we continue to contemplate cost reduction actions in an effort to optimize our cost structure. Failure to realize anticipated savings or benefits from our cost reduction actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, and cash flows.