We operate in a very competitive business environment, which affects our ability to attract and retain customers and can adversely affect our business, operations, and financial results. Our ability to service our debt and to fund our planned capital expenditures and ongoing operations will depend on our ability to continue to generate cash flow and our access to additional liquidity sources. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow or access additional liquidity sources, we may not be able to service and repay our debt, operate our business, respond to competitive challenges, or fund our other liquidity and capital needs. We expect to continue to grow revenues by increasing the number of products in our current customer homes and obtaining new customers with an improved value offering. Our business plans include goals for increasing customers and revenue. To reach our goals, we have actively invested in our network and operations, and have improved the quality and value of the products and packages that we offer. We have implemented a number of changes to our organizational structure, selling methods, and operating tactics, which we believe positions us for better customer service and growth. Our enhanced product set combined with improved customer service will lead to lower customer churn and longer customer lifetimes, allowing us to grow our customer base and revenue more quickly and economically. We depend on generating sufficient cash flow to fund our debt obligations, capital expenditures, and ongoing operations. Our ability to sustain and grow revenues and cash flow from operations depends on our ability to adequately meet customer experience demands in our markets and to maintain and grow our customer base, particularly in the face of increasingly aggressive competition and the need for innovation. We face risks associated with the economic conditions of our current and potential customers, vendors, and third parties on which we rely to provide products and services. Any interruption in the services provided by our vendors or by third parties could adversely affect our cash flow, results of operations, and financial condition. Our operational results have depended, and our future results will depend, upon the retention and continued performance of our management team. The loss of the services of key members of management and the inability or delay in hiring new key employees could adversely affect our ability to manage our business and our future operational and financial results. We continuously evaluate and pursue small and large acquisitions and strategic investments in businesses, products, or technologies that we believe could complement or expand our business or otherwise offer growth or cost-saving opportunities. The process of integrating these assets with the businesses we operated prior to the asset exchange and asset purchase will require us to expend significant capital and significantly expand the scope of our operations. Our management will be required to devote a significant amount of time and attention to the process of integrating the operations of the acquired assets with our operations. If our management is not able to effectively manage the integration process, or if any significant business activities are interrupted as a result of the integration process, our business could suffer and our liquidity, results of operations, and financial condition may be materially adversely impacted. We have significant ongoing capital expenditure requirements, and our capital expenditures are funded primarily from cash flows from operating activities and borrowings on our credit facility. The availability of our revolver is not contingent or related to the closing of the transactions. We believe we have sufficient liquidity from cash on hand, free cash flow, and access to the capital markets to fund our projected operating cash needs.