As a large company operating in a complex industry, we encounter a variety of risks and uncertainties that could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, results of operations, or financial condition. The impact of existing regulations and future regulatory and legislative changes could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. Our business is subject to substantial government regulation, and we must identify, assess, and respond to new trends in the legislative and regulatory environment. The current competitive, economic, and regulatory environment requires our organization to adapt rapidly and nimbly to new opportunities and challenges. We will be unable to do so if we do not make important decisions quickly and implement new governance, managerial, and organizational processes smoothly. Our future performance will depend on our ability to execute our strategic and operational initiatives effectively, including driving growth in targeted geographies and product lines, improving our strategic and financial flexibility, and pursuing additional opportunities in high-growth markets. Successfully executing these initiatives depends on our ability to differentiate our products and services, develop and introduce new products, and attract and retain sufficient numbers of qualified employees. We face risks related to litigation, regulatory audits, and investigations that could result in changes to our business practices, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our operations may be vulnerable if third parties fail to satisfy their obligations to us or if arrangements are terminated. We must regularly reassess the size, capability, and location of our global infrastructure and make appropriate changes, and must have effective change management processes and internal controls in place to address changes in our business and operations. Our success depends on our ability to anticipate these risks and manage these difficulties. We are frequently the subject of regulatory market conduct and other reviews that could result in changes to our business practices, retroactive adjustments to certain premiums, significant fines, penalties, or other sanctions that could adversely affect our business. Our business is highly dependent on maintaining effective information systems and the integrity and timeliness of the data we use to serve our customers. If our data were found to be inaccurate or unreliable, we could experience operational disruptions that may impact our customers and hinder our ability to establish appropriate pricing for products and services. Our information technology strategy and execution are critical to our continued success, and we must continue to invest in long-term solutions that will enable us to anticipate customer needs and expectations. Our ability to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with health care providers is essential, and we must effectively integrate our operations, including our acquired businesses, to promote a global mindset and a focus on individual customers. The global nature of our business may present challenges, including varying regional and geopolitical business conditions and demands, which could negatively affect our operations or long-term growth. We must manage our partner relationships effectively and operate in new foreign markets that may require considerable management time before operations generate significant revenues and earnings. Our focus on developing collaborative accountable care organizations and independent practice associations may not achieve intended benefits, which could adversely affect our strategy or prospects.