Our businesses currently face a wide range of competition, and our results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not compete effectively. All of our businesses operate in intensely competitive, consumer-driven and rapidly changing environments and compete with a growing number of companies that provide a broad range of communications products and services and entertainment, news and information content to consumers. Technological changes are further intensifying and complicating the competitive landscape and influencing consumer behavior. Changes in consumer behavior driven by newer products and services may adversely affect our businesses and challenge existing business models. While our cable communications business is attempting to adapt to changing consumer behaviors, we continue to seek ways to leverage our cable services network, such as by expanding and enhancing our business services to medium-sized businesses and launching additional services. Our ability to compete effectively depends on our perceived image and reputation among our various constituencies, including our customers, consumers, advertisers, investors, and governmental authorities. The success of any ongoing and future developments or our failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to emerging competitors or changes in consumer behavior could have an adverse effect on our competitive position, business, and results of operations. Our businesses depend on keeping pace with technological developments. Our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt, and leverage new and existing technologies. We expect other advances in communications technology to occur in the future. Moreover, we may incur additional costs as we execute our technology initiatives, and there can be no assurance that we can execute on these initiatives in a manner sufficient to grow or maintain our revenue or to compete successfully in the future. We are subject to regulation by federal, state, local, and foreign authorities, which may impose additional costs and restrictions on our businesses. Our ability to continue to adapt and respond to regulatory changes is crucial for maintaining operational continuity. We rely on network and information systems and other technologies, and a disruption, cyber attack, failure, or destruction of such networks may disrupt our businesses. The risk of these systems-related events and security breaches occurring continues to intensify, and our lines of business may be at a heightened risk due to the nature of our businesses. We may be unable to obtain necessary hardware, software, and operational support, which could adversely affect our ability to provide some services. Weak economic conditions may have a negative impact on our businesses, as a substantial portion of our revenue comes from customers whose spending patterns may be affected by prevailing economic conditions. Our businesses depend on using and protecting certain intellectual property rights and on not infringing the intellectual property rights of others. Labor disputes may disrupt our operations and adversely affect our businesses. The loss of key management personnel or popular on-air and creative talent could have an adverse effect on our businesses. We face risks relating to doing business internationally that could adversely affect our businesses. The occurrence of any of these events could have an adverse effect on our businesses. We believe that adding more content and delivering it through an increasing variety of platforms will assist in attracting and retaining customers for our cable services. Our strategic initiatives are designed to enhance our operational flexibility and responsiveness to market demands, thereby supporting our overall organizational resilience.