Our business is subject to the impact of domestic and international market, economic, and political conditions which are beyond our control and which could significantly reduce our contract volumes and make our financial results more volatile. We operate in a heavily regulated environment that imposes significant costs and competitive burdens on our business, and compliance with regulations may require us and our customers to dedicate significant financial and operational resources that could result in some participants leaving our markets or decreasing their trading activity, which would negatively affect our profitability. The success of our business depends, in part, on our ability to maintain and increase our contract volume, which is influenced by our ability to offer competitive prices and services in an increasingly price-sensitive business. We face intense competition from other companies, including some of our members, and if we are not able to successfully compete, our business, financial condition, and operating results will be materially harmed. Our strategic business plan is to operate an efficient and transparent vertically integrated transaction execution, clearing, and settlement business for our futures and options on futures business. We believe portions of regulatory reforms provide opportunities for our business, but other portions could negatively impact our ability to compete effectively. We encounter competition in all aspects of our business, including from entities having substantially greater capital and resources, and we must continue to enhance our electronic trading platform to remain competitive. The success of our markets depends on our ability to complete development of, successfully implement, and maintain the electronic trading systems that have the functionality, performance, reliability, and speed required by our customers. Our clearing houses seek to offer customers universal access in order to maximize the efficient use of capital, exercise appropriate oversight of value at risk, and maintain operating leverage from clearing activities. We have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant additional costs to comply with extensive regulations that apply to our business. The financial services industry is subject to significant litigation risk and potential commodity and securities law liability, which could adversely affect our business and our reputation. We regard the secure transmission of confidential information and the ability to continuously transact and clear on our electronic trading platforms as critical elements of our operations. Our role in the global marketplace places us at greater risk than other public companies for a cyber attack and other cybersecurity risks. We have implemented significant physical security protection measures, business continuity plans, and established backup sites, but these measures may be inadequate to prevent significant disruptions in our business. The threat of terrorist attacks may also negatively affect our ability to attract and retain employees. Our business strategy focuses on leveraging our benchmark products, enhancing our customer relations, expanding our customer base, and advancing our clearing and trading technologies. We continue to develop into a more broadly diversified financial exchange that provides trading and clearing solutions across a wide range of products and asset classes, which allows us to adapt to changing market conditions. Our ability to maintain or expand our businesses depends on our capacity to increase the capacity and capabilities of our systems to accommodate increasing transaction volumes. We have established a fund to provide payments to qualified participants who suffer losses if their clearing firm member becomes insolvent, which reflects our commitment to maintaining operational integrity and customer trust.