Our sales and profit growth could be adversely affected if comparable restaurant sales increases are less than we expect, and we may not successfully increase comparable restaurant sales or they may decrease. This is because the profit margin on comparable restaurant sales is generally higher, as comparable restaurant sales increases enable fixed costs to be spread over a higher sales base. Conversely, declines in comparable restaurant sales can have a significant adverse effect on profitability due to the loss of the positive impact on profit margins associated with comparable restaurant sales increases. Our ability to increase comparable restaurant sales depends on many factors, including changes in consumer preferences and discretionary spending, including weaker consumer spending during periods of economic difficulty or uncertainty. Our ability to execute our strategies effectively, including our development strategy, marketing and branding strategies, and initiatives to increase the speed at which our crew serves each customer, may not have the impact we expect. We may not respond quickly enough to the changing demands that our expansion will impose on management, crew, and existing infrastructure, and changes to our operating structure may result in increased costs or inefficiencies that we cannot currently anticipate. Our failure to manage our growth effectively could harm our business and operating results. We believe that the fundamental principles on which Chipotle restaurants are based can be adapted to cuisines other than the food we serve at Chipotle. Our immediate focus will remain on thoughtfully growing the Chipotle brand. As we grow, we may have difficulty maintaining our culture or adapting it sufficiently to meet the needs of our operations. Our failure to foster and maintain our corporate culture could also harm our business and operating results. Our profitability depends in part on our ability to anticipate and react to changes in food and supply costs. We are susceptible to increases in food costs as a result of factors beyond our control, such as general economic conditions, seasonal fluctuations, and weather conditions. The cost of many basic foods has increased markedly in some years, resulting in upward pricing pressures on almost all of our raw ingredients. Our new restaurant development activity has broadened recently to incorporate trade areas or restaurant sites in which we have little or no prior experience, which could have an unexpected negative impact on our new restaurant operating results. Our expansion into international markets may present increased risks due to lower customer awareness of our brand, our unfamiliarity with those markets, and other factors. We may also find it more difficult in international markets to hire, motivate, and keep qualified employees who can project our vision, passion, and culture. Our overall results may also be negatively affected by currency risk on transactions in other currencies and translation adjustments resulting from the conversion of our international financial results into the U.S. dollar. We believe that cash from operations, together with our cash and investment balances, will be enough to meet ongoing capital expenditures, working capital requirements, and other cash needs for the foreseeable future. Our total capital expenditures for 2014 were $252.6 million, which included the purchase of a corporate aircraft. We expect to incur capital expenditures of about $235 million in 2015, primarily related to the construction of new restaurants. Our decision to delay or forego a significant number of new restaurant openings could materially and adversely affect our growth strategy and our expected results.