We offer a broad array of financial products and services to consumers, small businesses, and commercial clients. Our ability to recover debt that we have previously charged-off may be limited, which could have a negative impact on our results of operations. The process and models we use to estimate our allowance for loan and lease losses may become less reliable if actual losses diverge from the projections of our models as a result of changes in customer behavior, volatile economic conditions, or other unexpected variations in key inputs and assumptions. Our ability to assess the creditworthiness of our customers may be impaired if the criteria or models we use to underwrite and manage our customers become less predictive of future losses. We are embedding technology, data, and software development deeply into our business model and how we work. We have invested in infrastructure intended to assist with effective execution of key processes and improve loan origination and underwriting platforms. Our businesses are dependent on our ability to process, record, and monitor a large number of complex transactions. If any of our financial, accounting, or other data processing systems fail or have other significant shortcomings, we could be materially adversely affected. We may also be subject to disruptions of our operating systems arising from events that are wholly or partially beyond our control, including computer viruses, electrical or telecommunications outages, cyber-attacks, natural disasters, or other damage to property or physical assets. Any of these occurrences could diminish our ability to operate our businesses, service customer accounts, and protect customers' information, or result in potential liability to customers, reputational damage, regulatory intervention, and customers' loss of confidence in our businesses. Our ability to grow and compete is dependent on our ability to build or acquire necessary operational, technological, and organizational infrastructure. We recognize that compliance requirements for financial institutions are increasingly complex, and there are heightened expectations from our regulators and our customers. We continuously evaluate the regulatory environment and proactively adjust our compliance risk program to fully address these expectations. Our risk framework provides an overall enterprise-wide approach for effectively managing risk, with the first line of defense comprised of business areas that take risk on our behalf. The second line provides oversight of first line risk-taking and management, while the third line provides independent and objective assurance to senior management and the board of directors. Our risk appetite refers to the level of risk our business is willing to take in pursuit of our corporate business objectives, and the board of directors approves our risk appetite including specific risk limits where applicable. We recognize that we are exposed to cyclical changes in credit quality and strive to ensure our credit portfolio is resilient to economic downturns. We monitor performance relative to established guidelines and report results and any required mitigating actions to appropriate senior management committees and our board of directors. The legislative and regulatory environment is beyond our control, may change rapidly and unpredictably, and may negatively influence our revenue, costs, earnings, growth, and capital levels. Our ongoing investments in infrastructure, which are necessary to maintain a competitive business, may increase our expenses. We expect to complete our previously announced stock repurchase program, and the timing and exact amount of any common stock repurchases will depend on various factors, including market conditions, our capital position, and the amount of retained earnings.