Our operations are designed and operated to accommodate expected climatic conditions, and to the extent there are significant changes in the earth's climate, such as more severe or frequent weather conditions in the markets we serve or the areas where our assets reside, we could incur increased expenses, and our operations could be materially impacted. We have incurred and will continue to incur substantial capital, operating and maintenance, and remediation expenditures as a result of compliance with existing and future environmental laws and regulations. Our business environment is influenced by domestic and worldwide political and economic developments that could damage our operations and materially reduce our profitability and cash flows. Actions by governments can impose restrictions on our operations, which may impact our ability to operate effectively in various regions. We maintain a strong balance sheet with a diverse and flexible portfolio of assets, which provides the financial flexibility to withstand challenging business cycles. Our strategy includes a disciplined investment approach, focusing on projects that provide the most attractive investment opportunities, and we continuously monitor the environment to exercise additional capital reductions or balance sheet flexibility as appropriate. We strive to maintain a relentless focus on safety and environmental stewardship, systematically managing risk to drive sustainable business growth. Our sustainability efforts include updating action plans for climate change and enhancing our ability to respond to environmental challenges. We have established a corporate climate change action plan to equip the company for a low-emission world, reduce greenhouse gas emissions, and evaluate business opportunities related to low carbon technologies. Our operations present hazards and risks that require significant and continuous oversight, and we are subject to numerous laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, which continue to increase in both number and complexity. We leverage our knowledge and technology to create value and safely deliver on our plans, applying technical capability to improve recovery from existing fields and optimize production performance. Our investments in joint ventures decrease our ability to manage risk, as we may share control with partners whose interests may not align with ours. We do not insure against all potential losses, which could expose us to unexpected liabilities and increased costs. Our management carefully considers the implications of various risks, including operational hazards, environmental regulations, and market volatility, to ensure organizational resilience. We continuously assess our operations and adjust our strategies to maintain operational flexibility and adaptability in the face of external pressures and uncertainties. Our commitment to developing and retaining a talented workforce supports our long-term objectives and enhances our organizational capabilities. We recognize the importance of stakeholder engagement and collaboration networks to navigate complex situations and achieve our strategic goals. Our ability to absorb strain and preserve functioning despite adversity is critical to our organizational health and success.