The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us, as other events that we do not currently anticipate or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. Defects or disruptions in our services could diminish demand for our services and subject us to substantial liability. Our services may have errors or defects that could result in unanticipated downtime for our subscribers and harm to our reputation and our business. Interruptions or delays in services from our third-party data center hosting facilities or cloud computing platform providers could impair the delivery of our services and harm our business. Despite precautions taken at these facilities, the occurrence of a natural disaster or an act of terrorism could result in lengthy interruptions in our services. Even with disaster recovery arrangements, our services could be interrupted. We may encounter difficulties in incorporating acquired technologies into our services and maintaining quality standards consistent with our brand and reputation. Our business would also be harmed if our customers believe our services are unreliable. We regularly upgrade or replace our various software systems, and if the implementations of these new applications are delayed, or if we encounter unforeseen problems, our operations and our ability to manage our business could be negatively impacted. Our success will depend on our ability to manage projected growth effectively, which includes increasing the productivity of existing employees and hiring, training, and managing new employees as needed. We are subject to risks associated with various claims, including the use of intellectual property, which may be increased as a result of acquisitions. We may not realize the expected business or financial benefits from acquisitions, and these could prove difficult to integrate, disrupt our business, and adversely affect our operating results. Our overall performance depends in part on worldwide economic conditions, and natural disasters or other catastrophic events may cause damage or disruption to our operations. Our business operations are subject to interruption by natural disasters, fire, power shortages, pandemics, and other events beyond our control. Although we maintain crisis management and disaster response plans, such events could make it difficult or impossible for us to deliver our services to our customers. We expect to continue to invest additional resources in our enterprise cloud computing services and data center capacity, as we have increased our headcount to meet the higher demand for services from our customers. We plan to upgrade or replace various internal systems to scale with the overall growth of the company. Our ability to meet our expenses and debt obligations will depend on our future performance, which will be affected by financial, business, economic, regulatory, and other factors. We believe our existing cash, cash equivalents, and short-term marketable securities will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditure, and debt repayment needs over the next 12 months. Our subscription model makes it difficult for us to rapidly increase our revenue through additional sales in any period, as revenue from new customers must be recognized over the applicable subscription term. If our customers do not renew their subscriptions for our services or reduce the number of paying subscriptions at the time of renewal, our revenue will decline and our business will suffer.