Our operating results may fluctuate in future periods, which may adversely affect our stock price. These fluctuations may result from numerous factors, some of which may contribute to more pronounced fluctuations in an uncertain global economic environment. The global macroeconomic environment and recovery from the downturn has been challenging and inconsistent. Instability in the global credit markets, the impact of uncertainty regarding the U.S. federal budget, global central bank monetary policy, and the instability in the geopolitical environment may continue to put pressure on global economic conditions. If global economic and market conditions remain uncertain or deteriorate further, we may experience material impacts on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Our operating results may also be affected by uncertain or changing economic conditions particularly germane to specific segments or customer markets. For example, sales in several of our emerging countries decreased in recent periods, and we expect that this weakness will continue for at least several quarters. Trust and confidence in us as an IT supplier is critical to the development and growth of our markets. Impairment of that trust could affect the demand for our products and have an adverse effect on our operating results. We have been investing and expect to continue to invest in key growth areas while also focusing on maintaining leadership in routing, switching, and services. However, if the return on these investments is lower or develops more slowly than we expect, our operating results may be harmed. Our revenue for a particular period is difficult to predict, and a shortfall in revenue may harm our operating results. We have experienced periods of time during which shipments have exceeded net bookings or manufacturing issues have delayed shipments, leading to nonlinearity in shipping patterns. Additionally, when facing component supply-related challenges, we have increased our efforts in procuring components to meet customer expectations, which contributes to an increase in purchase commitments. Increases in our purchase commitments to shorten lead times could also lead to excess and obsolete inventory charges if the demand for our products is less than our expectations. We plan our operating expense levels based primarily on forecasted revenue levels. A shortfall in revenue could lead to operating results being below expectations because we may not be able to quickly reduce these fixed expenses in response to short-term business changes. Our growth and ability to meet customer demands depend in part on our ability to obtain timely deliveries of parts from our suppliers and contract manufacturers. We have experienced component shortages in the past, and we may in the future experience a shortage of certain component parts as a result of manufacturing issues or strong demand in the industry. We believe that we may be faced with challenges in the future, including obtaining significant component capacity and managing unfamiliar supply chains or relatively small supply partners. We also face competition for certain components that are supply-constrained. Our ability to develop and introduce new products into existing and emerging markets and to reduce the production costs of existing products is critical. The process of developing new technology is complex and uncertain, and if we fail to accurately predict customers' changing needs and emerging technological trends, our business could be harmed. Our strategic initiatives and investments are aimed at meeting the requirements that a network capable of multiple-party, collaborative interaction would demand. We must commit significant resources to developing new products before knowing whether our investments will result in products the market will accept.