The statements in this section describe the most significant risks that could materially and adversely affect our business, consolidated financial condition, and consolidated results of operation. Unexpected events could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our results of operations. These events could result in customer disruption, physical damage to one or more key operating facilities, or the temporary disruption of information systems. We rely extensively on computer systems to process transactions, maintain information, and manage our businesses. Disruptions in the availability of computer systems, or privacy breaches involving computer systems, could impact our ability to service our customers and adversely affect our sales, results of operations, and reputation. We have an active disaster recovery plan in place that is frequently reviewed and tested. However, our computer systems are subject to damage or interruption due to system conversions, power outages, computer or telecommunication failures, catastrophic events such as fires, tornadoes, and hurricanes, and usage errors by our employees. Although we believe that we have adopted appropriate measures to mitigate potential risks to our technology and our operations from these information technology-related and other potential disruptions, we could potentially be subject to production downtimes, operational delays, and interruptions in our ability to provide products and services to our customers. Any disruption caused by the unavailability of our computer systems could adversely affect our sales and could require us to make a significant investment to fix or replace them. We may experience difficulties in attracting and retaining competent personnel in key positions. We believe that a key component of our success is our corporate culture, which has been imparted by management throughout our corporate organization. This factor, along with our entire operation, depends on our ability to attract and retain key employees. Competitive pressures within and outside our industry may make it more difficult and expensive for us to attract and retain key employees, which could adversely affect our businesses. The ability to successfully explore strategic opportunities for our business is critical for maintaining operational flexibility and adapting to changing market conditions. The integration of acquired businesses may involve unforeseen difficulties and may require a disproportionate amount of our management's attention and our financial and other resources. The failure to successfully integrate these acquired businesses could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. We are subject to complex and stringent state and federal regulations, including employment laws and regulations, which may alter the landscape in which we do business and may affect our costs of doing business. The impact of new laws and regulations cannot be predicted, and compliance with new laws and regulations may increase our operating costs or require significant capital expenditures. We are currently involved in a limited number of remedial investigations and actions at various locations, and while we believe that we maintain adequate reserves with respect to these matters, our liability could exceed forecasted amounts. We cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will be realized, as these statements are subject to various risks, uncertainties, and potentially inaccurate assumptions that could cause actual results to differ. The risks and uncertainties described herein are not the only ones we may face, as additional risks and uncertainties presently not known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also harm our business.