Chevron utilizes comprehensive risk management systems to assess potential physical and other risks to its assets and to plan for their resiliency. The company's operations could be disrupted by natural or human factors, including hurricanes, floods, severe weather, war, civil unrest, and other political events, which could result in suspension of operations or harm to people or the natural environment. Chevron seeks to minimize operational risks by carefully designing and building its facilities and conducting its operations in a safe and reliable manner. However, failure to manage these risks effectively could result in unexpected incidents, including releases, explosions, or mechanical failures resulting in personal injury, loss of life, environmental damage, loss of revenues, legal liability, and disruption to operations. The company has implemented and maintains a system of corporate policies, behaviors, and compliance mechanisms to manage safety, health, environmental, reliability, and efficiency risks, and to respond to and learn from unexpected incidents. In certain situations where Chevron is not the operator, the company may have limited influence and control over third parties, which may limit its ability to manage and control such risks. The company produces, transports, refines, and markets materials with potential toxicity, and it purchases, handles, and disposes of other potentially toxic materials in the course of its business. Any of these activities could result in liability or significant delays in operations arising from private litigation or government action. The company does not insure against all potential losses, which could result in significant financial exposure. The occurrence of a significant incident or unforeseen liability for which the company is not fully insured could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations or financial condition. Political instability and significant changes in the regulatory environment could harm Chevron's business. The company's operations can be affected by changing economic, regulatory, and political environments in the various countries in which it operates. Actions could be taken by governments to increase public ownership of the company's businesses or to impose additional taxes or royalties. In certain locations, governments have proposed or imposed restrictions on the company's operations, which may adversely affect the company's competitiveness. Changes in national or state environmental regulations could adversely affect the company's current or anticipated future operations and profitability. Continued political attention to issues concerning climate change and potential mitigation through regulation could have a material impact on the company's operations and financial results. The effect of regulation on the company's financial performance will depend on various factors, including the sectors covered and the greenhouse gas emissions reductions required by law. Material price increases or incentives to conserve or use alternative energy sources could reduce demand for products the company currently sells and adversely affect the company's sales volumes, revenues, and margins. Changes in management's estimates and assumptions may have a material impact on the company's consolidated financial statements and operational performance. These estimates and assumptions are subject to substantial risk and uncertainty, and materially different results may occur as circumstances change and additional information becomes known.