The companies' businesses are influenced by many factors that are difficult to predict, involve uncertainties that may materially affect actual results and are often beyond their control. Severe weather, including hurricanes, winter storms, earthquakes, floods, and other natural disasters can disrupt the operation of the companies' facilities and cause service outages, production delays, and property damage that require incurring additional expenses. Changes in global climate may produce unusual variations in temperature and weather patterns, resulting in more intense, frequent, and extreme weather events. The companies' operations are subject to extensive federal, state, and local regulation, and compliance with environmental legislation and associated regulations requires significant capital investment. The companies' infrastructure build and expansion plans often require regulatory approval before construction can commence, and projects may not be completed on time due to various factors beyond their control. The development and construction of several large-scale infrastructure projects simultaneously involve significant execution risk, and the companies are currently developing or constructing several major projects that contribute to their strategic growth plan. If the companies are unable to obtain the required approvals, allocate and coordinate sufficient resources, adhere to budgets and timelines, or effectively handle public outreach efforts, there could be an adverse impact on their financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. The companies' operations are subject to operational hazards, equipment failures, supply chain disruptions, and personnel issues which could negatively affect their performance. Unplanned outages and extensions of scheduled outages due to mechanical failures or other problems occur from time to time and are inherent risks of the companies' business. The companies' businesses are dependent upon sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure, the failure of which could prevent them from accomplishing critical business functions. The companies maintain decommissioning trusts and external insurance coverage to minimize financial exposure to risks associated with their nuclear facilities; however, future decommissioning costs could exceed amounts in the decommissioning trusts. The companies' financial results can be adversely affected by various factors driving demand for electricity and gas, including technological advances and regulatory requirements that may reduce energy consumption. The companies are exposed to credit risks of their counterparties and the risk that one or more counterparties may fail or delay performance of their contractual obligations. Changes in market conditions, including fluctuations in energy-related commodity prices and the effect these could have on the companies' earnings, may also impact their liquidity position. The companies' ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform themselves to emerge stronger from challenging situations is critical to their organizational resilience. The companies are subject to risks associated with the disposal and storage of coal ash, and any significant environmental incidents could result in substantial remediation costs, civil and/or criminal penalties, and reputational damage. The companies' strategic initiatives include focusing on their regulated businesses while maintaining upside potential in well-positioned nonregulated businesses, which is essential for their future planning and operational continuity.