The following risks are considered the most significant to John Deere's business based upon current knowledge, information, and assumptions. International, national, and regional trade laws, regulations, and policies could significantly impair John Deere's profitability and growth prospects. Restricted access to global markets impairs John Deere's ability to export goods and services and limits access to raw materials and high-quality parts at competitive prices. Trade restrictions could limit John Deere's ability to capitalize on growth opportunities and impair its competitive position. The ability to export agricultural and forestry commodities is critical to John Deere's customers, and policies impacting exchange rates and commodity prices could adversely affect demand for agricultural equipment. Changes in government farm programs and policies can significantly influence demand for agricultural equipment. John Deere's operations and results could also be impacted by financial regulatory reform that could adversely affect the financial services segment. The company's business results depend largely on its ability to understand customer preferences and to develop, manufacture, and market products that meet customer demand. John Deere's ability to match new product offerings to diverse global customers is critical to its success. John Deere may be directly and indirectly affected by unfavorable weather conditions or natural disasters that reduce agricultural production and demand for equipment. Changes in the availability and price of raw materials could result in production disruptions or increased costs. Supply chain disruptions due to supplier financial distress or natural disaster events could affect John Deere's operations and profitability. John Deere's equipment operations and financial services segment are subject to interest rate risks, and changes in interest rates can reduce demand for equipment and adversely affect interest margins. Actions by credit rating agencies can affect the availability and cost of funding for the company. John Deere's operations, suppliers, and customers are subject to increasingly rigorous environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations. Enforcement actions arising from violations of these laws can lead to significant fines or penalties. John Deere's equipment operations must meet increasingly stringent engine emission reduction standards, which could negatively affect business results. Security breaches and disruptions to John Deere's information technology infrastructure could interfere with operations and compromise sensitive information. John Deere may incur increased costs due to new greenhouse gas emission standards and could be impacted by physical effects attributed to climate change. Sustained increases in funding obligations under the company's pension plans may impair liquidity or financial condition. The reallocation of radio frequency spectrums could disrupt John Deere's high precision augmented global positioning system technology, impairing its ability to develop and market solutions. John Deere's current and planned integrated agricultural business and equipment management systems depend upon the use of RF signals, and any disruption could negatively affect customer profitability and demand for products.