Our business, financial condition, cash flows and/or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. We are experiencing a period of historical lows in our delinquency and charge-off rates and we expect that these rates will be increasing over time. Economic conditions combined with a competitive marketplace could result in Discover being unable to grow loans, resulting in reduced revenue from its core direct banking business. The impact of the evolving regulatory environment on our business and operations depends upon a number of factors including the supervisory priorities and actions of the federal reserve, the FDIC and the CFPB, the actions of our competitors and other marketplace participants, and the behavior of consumers. Regulatory developments, findings and ratings could negatively impact our business strategies or require us to limit or change our business practices, restructure our products in ways that we may not currently anticipate, limit our product offerings, invest more management time and resources in compliance efforts, limit the fees we can charge for services, or limit our ability to pursue certain business opportunities and obtain related required regulatory approvals. We expect regulators to continue addressing concerns through formal enforcement actions against financial institutions or non-public supervisory actions or findings. We may face additional compliance and regulatory risk to the extent that we enter into new business arrangements with third-party service providers, alternative payment providers or other industry participants. The additional expense, time and resources needed to comply with ongoing regulatory requirements may adversely impact our business and results of operations. If we are unable to continue to fund our assets through deposits or access capital markets on favorable terms, or if we experience an increase in our borrowing costs or otherwise fail to manage our liquidity effectively, our liquidity, operating results, financial results and condition may be materially adversely affected. Our ability to remain organizationally effective is critical to addressing the opportunities and challenges presented by our strategy and the increasingly dynamic and competitive economic and regulatory environment. In order to execute on our strategy to be the leading direct bank and payments partner, we must develop and implement innovative and efficient technology solutions and marketing initiatives while effectively managing legal, regulatory, compliance, security, operational and other risks as well as expenses. If we fail to develop and implement these solutions, we may be unable to expand quickly and the results of our expansion may be unsatisfactory. We continue to face substantial and intense competition in the payments industry, which impacts our revenue margins, transaction volume and business strategies. The long-term success of our student loan strategy depends upon our ability to manage the risks of our student loan portfolio and the student lending environment. If we fail to do so, we may be unable to sustain and grow our student loan portfolio. Our success also depends upon relationships with financial intermediaries, including secondary market purchasers, to which we sell eligible mortgages on a servicing-released basis, and our warehouse lender, which provides funding from the time we fund a customer's mortgage until it is sold to a secondary market purchaser. We may experience unanticipated losses as a result of mortgage loan repurchase and indemnification obligations under agreements with secondary market purchasers. Our risk management framework seeks to identify and mitigate risk and appropriately balance risk and return. If our risk management framework and models do not effectively identify or mitigate our risks, we could suffer unexpected losses and our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. We must effectively manage the liquidity risk to which we are exposed. We require liquidity in order to meet cash requirements such as day-to-day operating expenses, extensions of credit on our consumer loans and required payments of principal and interest on our borrowings. Our liquidity portfolio had a balance of approximately $10.8 billion as of December 31, 2014, compared to $11.1 billion as of December 31, 2013.