For an enterprise as large and complex as the company, a wide range of factors could materially affect future developments and performance. Changes in U.S., global, or regional economic conditions could have an adverse effect on the profitability of some or all of our businesses. A decline in economic activity can adversely affect demand for any of our businesses, thus reducing our revenue and earnings. The success of our businesses depends on our ability to consistently create and distribute entertainment offerings that meet the changing preferences of the broad consumer market and respond to competition from an expanding array of choices facilitated by technological developments. Our businesses increasingly depend on acceptance of our offerings by consumers outside the U.S., and their success therefore depends on our ability to successfully predict and adapt to changing consumer tastes and preferences. Changes in technology and in consumer consumption patterns may affect demand for our entertainment products, the revenue we can generate from these products, or the cost of producing or distributing products. The media entertainment and internet businesses in which we participate increasingly depend on our ability to successfully adapt to shifting patterns of content consumption through the adoption and exploitation of new technologies. In order to respond to these developments, we may be required to alter our business models, and there can be no assurance that we will successfully respond to these changes. A variety of uncontrollable events may reduce demand for our products and services, impair our ability to provide our products and services, or increase the cost of providing our products and services. Demand for our products and services is highly dependent on the general environment for travel and tourism, which can be significantly adversely affected by various factors beyond our control, including adverse weather conditions, health concerns, and international political developments. We derive royalties from the sales of our licensed goods and services by third parties, and we are therefore dependent on the successes of those third parties for that portion of our revenue. Changes in our business strategy or restructuring of our businesses may increase our costs or otherwise affect the profitability of our businesses. External events including acceptance of our theatrical offerings and changes in macroeconomic conditions may impair the value of our assets. We may incur costs to change our business strategy and may need to write down the value of assets. Increased competitive pressures may reduce our revenues or increase our costs. We face substantial competition in each of our businesses from alternative providers of the products and services we offer and from other forms of entertainment. Competition may divert consumers from our creative products or limit growth in prices for our products and services. Our results may be adversely affected if long-term programming or carriage contracts are not renewed on sufficiently favorable terms. Changes in regulations applicable to our businesses may impair the profitability of our businesses. Our operations outside the United States may be adversely affected by the operation of laws in those jurisdictions. Labor disputes may disrupt our operations and adversely affect the profitability of any of our businesses. The seasonality of certain of our businesses could exacerbate negative impacts on our operations. The company believes that its financial condition is strong and that its cash balances, other liquid assets, operating cash flows, access to debt and equity capital markets, and borrowing capacity provide adequate resources to fund ongoing operating requirements and future capital expenditures, although these can be impacted by macroeconomic factors outside of its control.