The duke energy registrants' regulated electric revenues, earnings, and results are dependent on state legislation and regulation that affect electric generation, transmission, distribution, and related activities, which may limit their ability to recover costs. The duke energy registrants' businesses are subject to extensive federal regulation that will affect their operations and costs. Changes in regulation can cause delays in or affect business planning and transactions and can substantially increase the duke energy registrants' costs. The dan river ash basin release could impact the reputation and financial condition of the duke energy registrants. There is uncertainty regarding the extent and timing of future additional costs and liabilities related to the dan river ash basin release, including the amount and extent of any pending or future civil or criminal penalties, and resulting litigation. The duke energy registrants are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations requiring significant capital expenditures that can increase the cost of operations, and which may impact or limit business plans, or cause exposure to environmental liabilities. Compliance with environmental laws and regulations can require significant expenditures, including expenditures for cleanup costs and damages arising from contaminated properties. The steps the duke energy registrants could be required to take to ensure their facilities are in compliance could be prohibitively expensive. The duke energy registrants may not be successful in recovering capital and operating costs incurred to comply with new environmental regulations through existing regulatory rate structures and their contracts with customers. Changes in the regulatory environment may lead to increased competition and unrecovered costs that could adversely affect the duke energy registrants' financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. The duke energy registrants are exposed to the effects of market fluctuations in the price of natural gas, coal, fuel oil, nuclear fuel, electricity, and other energy-related commodities as a result of their ownership of energy-related assets. The duke energy registrants continually monitor derivative positions in relation to market price activity. The continued threat of terrorism and the impact of retaliatory military and other action by the U.S. and its allies may lead to increased political, economic, and financial market instability and volatility in prices for natural gas and oil, which may have material adverse effects. Information security risks have generally increased in recent years due to the proliferation of new technologies and the increased sophistication and frequency of cyberattacks and data security breaches. Failure to attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce could unfavorably impact the duke energy registrants' results of operations. The duke energy registrants' businesses are financed to a large degree through debt, and access to those markets can be adversely affected by a number of conditions, many of which are beyond the duke energy registrants' control. The duke energy registrants rely on access to short-term borrowings and longer-term capital markets to finance their capital requirements and support their liquidity needs. The availability of credit under duke energy's master credit facility depends upon the ability of the banks providing commitments under the facility to provide funds when their obligations to do so arise. The duke energy registrants must meet credit quality standards, and there is no assurance they will maintain investment-grade credit ratings. If the duke energy registrants are unable to maintain investment-grade credit ratings, they would be required under credit agreements to provide collateral, which may materially adversely affect their liquidity. The duke energy registrants are subject to various risks associated with operational flexibility, including the ability to adapt to changing market conditions and regulatory requirements. The duke energy registrants' strategic initiatives include improving coal ash management practices and plans to accelerate basin closure strategies resulting from the dan river coal ash spill. The duke energy registrants are committed to creating value and trust while transforming their energy future, focusing on growing and adapting the business and achieving financial objectives.