The following are important factors which could affect our financial performance and could cause our actual results for future periods to differ materially from our anticipated results or other expectations, including those expressed in any forward-looking statements made in this form 10-K. Our results depend upon the continued vitality of the markets we serve: the oil and gas drilling, completion and stimulation, oil and gas production and refinery and petrochemical plant markets served by our global energy segment may be impacted by substantial fluctuations in oil and gas prices. Moreover, economic downturns can adversely impact our end-users. Our results are impacted by general worldwide economic factors, including our exposure to foreign currency risk. Our continued success will largely depend on our ability to attract and retain a high caliber of talent and on the efforts and abilities of our executive officers and certain other key employees. This is especially crucial as we continue the integration of new businesses, which may be led by personnel that we believe are critical to the success of the integration and the prospects of the business. If we are unsuccessful in executing on key business initiatives, our business could be adversely affected. We continue to make investments and execute business initiatives to develop business systems and optimize our business structure as part of our ongoing efforts to improve our efficiency and returns. In particular, we continue to invest in our ERP systems to integrate and streamline our processes and to improve our competitiveness. These initiatives involve complex business process design and a breakdown in certain of these processes could result in business disruption. We rely to a large extent upon information technology systems and infrastructure to operate our business. The size and complexity of our computer systems make them potentially vulnerable to breakdown, malicious intrusion and random attack. Recent acquisitions have resulted in further decentralization of systems and additional complexity in the system's infrastructure. Our significant non-U.S. operations expose us to global economic, political and legal risks that could impact our profitability. There are inherent risks in our international operations, including currency fluctuations and devaluations, tariffs and trade barriers, and difficulties in managing international operations. Our overall success as a global business depends, in part, upon our ability to succeed in differing economic, social, legal and political conditions. Our business depends on our ability to comply with laws and governmental regulations, and we may be adversely affected by changes in laws and regulations. Compliance with these laws and regulations exposes us to potential financial liability and increases our operating costs. We are also periodically faced with the risk of economic uncertainty, which has impacted our business in some countries. Our growth depends upon our ability to successfully compete with respect to value, innovation and customer support. Our ability to compete depends in part upon our ability to maintain a superior technological capability and to continue to identify, develop and commercialize innovative, high value-added products for niche applications. Our results can be adversely affected by difficulties in securing the supply of certain raw materials or by fluctuations in the cost of raw materials. We have substantial indebtedness which will impact our financial flexibility. If we are unsuccessful in integrating acquisitions, our business could be adversely affected. We enter into multi-year contracts with customers that can impact our results. Severe public health outbreaks may adversely impact our business. Extraordinary events may significantly impact our business, including litigation or claims, the loss or insolvency of a major customer or distributor, war, natural or manmade disasters, and severe weather conditions affecting various industries.