Investing in our securities involves risks. We operate in businesses that are subject to competitive pressures that could affect prices or demand for our products. Our businesses operate in markets that are highly competitive, and we compete on the basis of product performance, quality, service and/or price across the industries and markets served. A significant element of our competitive strategy is to deliver solutions to our customers by manufacturing high-quality products at the best relevant global cost. Competitive pressures could adversely affect prices or customer demand for our products, impacting our sales or profit margins, and/or resulting in a loss of market share. Our operations depend on production facilities throughout the world, a majority of which are located outside the United States and subject to increased risks of disrupted production causing delays in shipments and loss of customers and revenue. Our international production facilities and operations could be disrupted by a natural disaster, labor strife, war, political unrest, terrorist activity or public health concerns, particularly in emerging countries that are not well-equipped to handle such occurrences. Any such disruption could cause delays in shipments of products and the loss of sales and customers, and insurance proceeds may not adequately compensate us. Our substantial sales abroad subject us to economic risk as our results of operations may be adversely affected by foreign currency fluctuations and changes in local government regulations and policies. Recessions, adverse market conditions or downturns in end markets we serve may negatively affect our operations. In the past, our operations have been exposed to significant volatility due to changes in general economic conditions, recessions or adverse conditions in the end markets we serve. Moreover, during economic downturns we may undertake more extensive rationalization actions and incur higher costs. If our rationalization actions are not sufficiently effective, we may not be able to achieve our anticipated operating results. Access to funding through the capital markets is essential to the execution of our business plan and if we are unable to maintain such access we could experience a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. Our ability to invest in our businesses, make strategic acquisitions and refinance maturing debt obligations requires access to the capital markets and sufficient bank credit lines to support short-term borrowings. Security breaches or disruptions of our information technology systems could adversely affect our business. The company utilizes a variety of information technology systems to manage and operate its businesses. Despite the implementation of extensive security measures, the company's information technology systems are potentially vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer viruses, cyber attack and other events. Should the company be unable to prevent security breaches, disruptions could have an adverse effect on our operations, as well as expose the company to litigation, increased cyber security protection costs, and reputational damage. We are subject to litigation and environmental regulations that could adversely impact our operating results. Given the inherent uncertainty of litigation, we can offer no assurance that existing litigation or a future adverse development will not have a material adverse impact. We also are subject to various laws and regulations relating to environmental protection and the discharge of materials into the environment, and we could incur substantial costs as a result of the noncompliance with or liability for cleanup or other costs or damages under environmental laws. The success of our strategic acquisitions will depend on our ability to integrate assets and personnel acquired in these transactions and to cooperate with our strategic partners. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business and results of operations.