Risk factors set out above and below, as well as a number of other factors, including the performance of comparable companies or the medical device industry, or changes in financial estimates and recommendations of securities analysts, may affect our organizational resilience. Our sales and operating results may vary significantly from quarter to quarter, and a high proportion of our costs are fixed, which means small declines in revenue could disproportionately affect our operating results. Our ability to compete will depend in large part on our ability to develop and acquire new products and technologies, anticipate technology advances, and keep pace with other developers of cardiovascular therapies and technologies. We face intense competition, and if we do not compete effectively, our business will be harmed. The cardiovascular medical device industry is highly competitive, and our customers consider many factors when selecting a product, including product reliability, breadth of product line, clinical outcomes, product availability, price, availability and rate of reimbursement, and services provided by the manufacturer. Consolidation in the health care industry could have an adverse effect on our sales and results of operations, as organizations continue to consolidate purchasing decisions, leading to larger, more complex transactions that may involve long-term contracts. The purchasing power of these larger customers has increased, causing downward pressure on product pricing. Our inability to protect our intellectual property could have a material adverse effect on our business, as our success and competitive position depend on our proprietary intellectual property. We rely on a combination of patents and trade secrets to protect our proprietary intellectual property, and while we have invested to protect our intellectual property, we cannot guarantee that our precautionary measures will prevent breakdowns or breaches. We are also subject to rigorous governmental regulations, and failure to comply could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. The regulatory approval process for new products requires extensive clinical trials, and unfavorable or inconsistent clinical data could adversely affect our ability to obtain necessary approvals. We are subject to risks arising from concerns and regulatory actions relating to "mad cow disease," which may result in reduced acceptance of products containing bovine materials. Our ability to profitably sell our products will be harmed if third-party payors decline to reimburse our customers or impose cost containment measures. The introduction of cost containment incentives has resulted in increased discounts and contractual adjustments to hospital charges, which may pressure pricing and profitability. We are committed to developing new technologies and providing innovative patient care, which is essential for maintaining our competitive advantage. Our focus on innovation and a robust product pipeline will help us compete effectively and sustain our successes. The medical device industry is experiencing greater scrutiny and regulation, which may lead to increased compliance costs and exposure to litigation. We are dedicated to generating robust clinical and economic evidence to enhance the value of delivering comprehensive care. Our operations are subject to environmental, health, and safety regulations, and compliance with these laws could result in substantial costs. The success of many of our products depends upon strong relationships with key physicians, and any limitations on these relationships could adversely affect our business.