The nature of our business activities subjects us to certain hazards and risks, which could materially harm our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Our future oil and natural gas reserves and production are highly dependent on successfully developing our undeveloped leasehold acreage. Our operations require substantial capital, and we may be unable to obtain needed capital or financing on satisfactory terms, which could lead to a loss of properties and a decline in our oil and natural gas reserves. The successful acquisition of producing properties requires an assessment of several factors, including recoverable reserves and potential environmental and other liabilities. The accuracy of these assessments is inherently uncertain, and we may not be able to identify attractive acquisition opportunities. Our ability to complete acquisitions is dependent upon our ability to obtain debt and equity financing and regulatory approvals. The process of integrating acquired businesses may involve unforeseen difficulties and may require a disproportionate amount of our managerial and financial resources. Our financial position and results of operations may fluctuate significantly based on whether significant acquisitions are completed in particular periods. Market conditions for oil and natural gas, particularly the recent decline in prices, could adversely affect our revenue, cash flows, profitability, growth, production, and the present value of our estimated reserves. Our revenues, operating results, and profitability depend significantly upon the prevailing prices for oil and natural gas, which have historically been volatile. Our cash flow from operations and access to capital are subject to variables including our proved reserves, the volume of oil and natural gas we produce, and the prices at which our oil and natural gas are sold. We cannot assure you that our operations and other capital resources will provide cash in sufficient amounts to maintain planned or future levels of capital expenditures. If we are unable to fund our capital requirements, we may be required to curtail our operations, which could lead to a loss of properties and a decline in our oil and natural gas reserves. Our success depends on finding, developing, or acquiring additional reserves that are economically recoverable. Our future success depends upon our ability to conduct successful exploration or development activities or acquire properties containing proved reserves. We may not have sufficient resources to acquire additional reserves or undertake exploration, development, or production activities, which may not result in significant additional reserves. Our ability to drill and develop identified potential drilling locations depends on uncertainties, including the availability of capital, construction of infrastructure, regulatory changes, and oil and natural gas prices. We are subject to various governmental laws and regulations that may change in response to economic and political conditions. Compliance with these regulations may impose substantial additional obligations on us and increase our exposure to penalties or fines for non-compliance. Our operations are also subject to environmental, health, and safety requirements, which may result in significant delays, costs, and liabilities. Our operations are dependent on the availability of water, and restrictions on our ability to obtain water may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Concerns over global economic conditions and geopolitical issues could adversely affect the global economy and demand for petroleum products, impacting our ability to sell our production and affecting the operations of our vendors and customers. Our business is difficult to evaluate due to a limited operating history and the potential for significant changes in our financial condition and results of operations. Our growth could place a significant strain on our financial, technical, operational, and management resources, and the failure to upgrade our systems or recruit and retain qualified personnel could adversely affect our business.