Our operating results depend upon many factors and are subject to various risks and uncertainties. A downturn in the economy or in the principal markets served by us may affect customer spending, which could harm our operating results. Disruptions or failures of, or security breaches with respect to, our information technology infrastructure could have a negative impact on our operations. The proper functioning of our information systems is critical to the successful operation of our business. Although our information systems are protected with robust backup systems, they remain vulnerable to natural disasters, power losses, and other problems. Interruptions in the proper functioning of information systems could disrupt operations and cause unanticipated increases in costs and/or decreases in revenues. We maintain insurance coverage to mitigate a portion of this risk, but significant losses could occur if claims are made against us and adequate insurance is not in place. Our reputation could be adversely affected by negative publicity surrounding such events regardless of the outcome of claims. The nature of our business requires us to receive, retain, and transmit certain personally identifying information that our customers provide. While we have taken significant steps to protect our customer and confidential information, a compromise of our data security systems could result in operational problems or interruptions. Our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel to staff our stores could impact labor costs, sales at existing stores, and the rate of new store openings. If we are unable to hire and retain personnel capable of consistently providing a high level of customer service, our sales could be materially adversely affected. Our growth is dependent primarily on our ability to attract new customers and increase our activity with existing customers. We believe our ability to grow is amplified if we can service our customers at the closest economic point of contact. Our strategy involves slowing our annual new store openings and investing the funds saved by opening fewer stores in additional sales and sales leadership personnel. We have expanded our product lines beyond fasteners, which has diversified our growth drivers and provided resilience to weak industrial production. The industrial vending operation has been an expanding component of our store-based business and is believed to have the potential to be transformative to industrial distribution. Our success depends in part on our ability to develop product expertise at the store level and identify future products that respond to our customers' needs. Changes in energy costs and the cost of raw materials could impact our net sales, gross profit percentage, and operating income. We believe that the trend toward consolidation in our industry could make it more difficult for us to maintain our current gross profit and operating income. Our operational working capital is impacted by our sales growth, and we aim to target a ratio of annual sales to accounts receivable and inventory of approximately 3.0:1. Our ability to provide efficient distribution of core business products is integral to our overall business strategy. Disruptions at distribution centers or shipping ports may affect our ability to maintain core products in inventory and deliver products to our customers on a timely basis. The economic conditions and external pressures have historically influenced our sales performance, and our ability to adapt to these conditions is crucial for maintaining operational continuity and achieving our strategic objectives.