We continue to expand the pursuit of our decision management strategy, which is designed to enable us to increase our business by selling multiple products to clients and developing custom client solutions. Our growth depends upon our ability to develop and sell new products or suites of products, as well as our ability to access new markets or develop new distribution channels. If we fail to penetrate these industries and markets or develop additional distribution channels, our business and growth prospects could suffer. Factors affecting market acceptance include changes in technology, our inability to obtain or use key data, saturation of market demand, and loss of key customers. Our reliance on a small number of products and services means that if the market does not continue to accept these offerings, our revenues will decline. The potential for economic disruption presents considerable risks to our business, including potential bankruptcies or credit deterioration of financial institutions with which we have substantial relationships. Disruption could result in a decline in transaction volumes for our customers. We also rely on relationships with third parties for marketing and distribution, and difficulties in these relationships could adversely affect future revenues. Our acquisition and divestiture activities may disrupt our ongoing business and involve increased expenses, and we may not realize the financial and strategic goals contemplated at the time of a transaction. Our reengineering initiative aims to grow revenues through strategic resource allocation and improve profitability through cost reductions, but it may not be successful over the long term. The complexity of our products requires highly trained personnel, and the labor market for these individuals is competitive. We must develop or obtain a reliable source of sufficient amounts of current and statistically relevant data to analyze transactions and update our products. If we fail to maintain sufficient data sourcing relationships, we could lose access to required data, which would hinder our ability to develop new products. Our success depends on protecting our proprietary technology and intellectual property rights, and any failure to do so could harm our competitive position. Security breaches could expose us to risks of loss and unauthorized disclosure of consumer information, damaging our reputation and resulting in significant liabilities. Protection from system interruptions is critical, as disruptions could delay our ability to develop, deliver, or maintain our products and services. Our ability to increase revenues depends on introducing new products and services, and if the marketplace does not accept these, our revenues may decline. We must enhance existing products and continue to innovate in response to rapidly changing technologies and customer needs. Our competitors may respond more quickly to changes in customer requirements, and if we cannot compete effectively, our ability to expand our business may be negatively affected. The potential for disruptions presents considerable risks to our businesses and operations, and we may need to modify our strategies and incur additional costs to compete in a changed environment. Our revenues depend significantly on conditions in the banking and insurance industries, and uncertainty in these sectors could harm our business. We may face challenges in international markets, including economic and political conditions, regulatory requirements, and currency fluctuations.