In addition to the normal risks of business, we are subject to significant risks and uncertainties, including those related to mergers or consolidations in the banking and financial services industry, which could adversely affect our business by eliminating some of our existing and potential clients and making us more dependent on a more limited number of clients. If we fail to innovate or adapt our services to changes in technology or in the marketplace, we could lose clients or our clients could lose customers and have difficulty attracting new clients for our services. Our future success will be significantly affected by our ability to enhance our current services and develop and introduce new services that address the increasingly sophisticated needs of our clients and their customers. The markets for our services are characterized by constant technological changes, frequent introductions of new services, and evolving industry standards. We face direct competition from third parties, and since many of our larger potential clients have historically developed their key applications in-house, we often compete against our potential clients' in-house capacities. Our clients must ensure that our services and related products work within the extensive and evolving regulatory and industry requirements applicable to them. Failure to maintain compliance with or adapt to changes in any of the aforementioned requirements could result in fines, penalties, or regulatory actions that could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We are also exposed to risks related to economic conditions, which may adversely affect consumer spending and, consequently, the demand for our services. We continue to monitor sales activity and any potential impact on future periods. Our operations could be exposed to damage or interruption from various hazards, including natural disasters and unauthorized entry. Defects in our technology solutions, errors, or delays in the processing of electronic transactions could result in interruptions of business operations, delays in market acceptance, additional development and remediation costs, diversion of technical and other resources, loss of clients, negative publicity, or exposure to liability claims. Our ability to maintain compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations and to manage and monitor the risks facing our business relies upon the ability to maintain skilled compliance, security, risk, and audit professionals. Our future growth will require sales and marketing, financial, and administrative personnel to develop and support new products and services. We expect that cash and cash equivalents plus cash flows from operations over the next twelve months will be sufficient to fund our operating cash requirements, capital expenditures, and mandatory debt service. We believe our integrated solutions and outsourced services are targeted and well-positioned to address the outsourcing trend across the markets we serve. The current market pressures in the financial services industry are driving demand for our consulting and professional services as many financial institutions seek to transform their businesses to significantly reduce their cost base, innovate, and comply with increased regulatory oversight. We seek to mitigate the risks of consolidations by offering other competitive services to take advantage of specific opportunities at the surviving company. Our international business continued to experience growth across all major regions, and we expect this growth trend to continue as a result of continued growth in our consulting and professional services. We remain focused on making strategic investments in information security to protect our clients and our information systems, which includes capital expenditures and operating expenses on hardware, software, personnel, and consulting services.