An investment in our common stock or debt securities is subject to risks and uncertainties, including those that could impact our organizational resilience. Approximately 60 percent of our revenues are from the U.S. government, and this customer relationship involves specific risks, including the ongoing development of high-technology products and pressures on defense spending. Changes in U.S. government defense spending, including investment accounts, could result in one or more of our programs being reduced, delayed, or terminated, which could impact our financial performance. Our U.S. government contracts are subject to termination rights by the customer, and if a contract is terminated for convenience, a contractor usually is entitled to receive payments for its allowable costs and a proportionate share of fees or earnings for the work performed. The termination of multiple or large programs could have a material adverse effect on our future revenues and earnings. We face various cyber security threats, including threats to our information technology infrastructure and attempts to gain access to our proprietary or classified information, which could challenge our eligibility for future work on sensitive or classified systems for U.S. government customers. Our future success depends in part on our ability to develop new products and technologies and maintain a qualified workforce to meet the needs of our customers. Many of the products and services we provide involve sophisticated technologies and engineering, with related complex manufacturing and system integration processes. Our customers' requirements change and evolve regularly, and our future performance depends on our ability to continue to develop, manufacture, and provide innovative products and services. We manage our supplier base carefully to avoid customer issues, but we sometimes rely on only one or two sources of supply that, if disrupted, could adversely affect our ability to meet our customer commitments. Our business could be negatively impacted by unforeseen circumstances that adversely affect the value of our goodwill or intangible assets. We expect to continue to generate funds in excess of our short- and long-term liquidity needs and believe we have adequate funds on hand and sufficient borrowing capacity to execute our financial and operating strategy. The long-term outlook for our U.S. defense business is influenced by the relevance of our programs to the U.S. military's funding priorities, our ability to evolve our products to address a fast-changing threat environment, and our proven track record of successful contract execution. We continue to pursue opportunities outside the U.S. presented by demand for military equipment and information technologies from our non-U.S. operations and through exports from our North American businesses. In navigating the current business environment, we focus on improving operating earnings, expanding margins, and the efficient conversion of earnings into cash through effective program execution and cost-reduction activities across the business. Our ability to perform our obligations may be materially adversely affected if one or more suppliers is unable to provide the agreed-upon supplies or perform the agreed-upon services in a timely and cost-effective manner. We believe our estimates and judgments are reasonable based on information available to us at the time, and we regularly assess the probability of recovery of deferred costs. Our organizational resilience is contingent upon our capacity to adapt to changes in the business environment, including economic, legal, and political changes in foreign markets, which may complicate the contracting process and affect our operational flexibility.