We face a variety of risks that are substantial and inherent in our businesses, including market, liquidity, credit, operational, legal, regulatory, and reputational risks. Our businesses have been and may continue to be adversely affected by conditions in the global financial markets and economic conditions generally. The financial performance is highly dependent on the environment in which our businesses operate, and unfavorable or uncertain economic and market conditions can negatively impact client activity, which adversely affects many of our businesses. Our businesses have been and may be adversely affected by disruptions in the credit markets, including reduced access to credit and higher costs of obtaining credit. We seek to monitor and control our risk exposure through a risk and control framework encompassing a variety of separate but complementary financial, credit, operational, compliance, and legal reporting systems, internal controls, management review processes, and other mechanisms. Our risk management process seeks to balance our ability to profit from market-making, investing, or lending positions with our exposure to potential losses. While we employ a broad and diversified set of risk monitoring and risk mitigation techniques, those techniques and the judgments that accompany their application cannot anticipate every economic and financial outcome or the specifics and timing of such outcomes. We may incur losses as a result of ineffective risk management processes and strategies. Our liquidity, profitability, and businesses may be adversely affected by an inability to access the debt capital markets or to sell assets or by a reduction in our credit ratings or by an increase in our credit spreads. We maintain substantial liquidity to meet a broad range of potential cash outflows and collateral needs in a stressed environment. Our contingency funding plan provides a framework for analyzing and responding to a liquidity crisis situation or periods of market stress. We have a comprehensive control framework designed to provide a well-controlled environment to minimize operational risks. Our operational risk management process includes risk identification and reporting, risk measurement, and risk monitoring. We have established policies that require managers in our revenue-producing units and our independent control and support functions to escalate operational risk events. When operational risk events are identified, our policies require that the events be documented and analyzed to determine whether changes are required in our systems and/or processes to further mitigate the risk of future events. Our operational risk framework is designed to comply with the operational risk measurement rules under Basel III and has evolved based on the changing needs of our businesses and regulatory guidance. We regularly assess our policies and procedures that address conflicts of interest in an effort to conduct our business in accordance with the highest ethical standards and in compliance with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations. Our businesses may be adversely affected if we are unable to hire and retain qualified employees. The growth of electronic trading and the introduction of new trading technology may adversely affect our business and may increase competition. We may incur losses as a result of unforeseen or catastrophic events, including the emergence of a pandemic, terrorist attacks, extreme weather events, or other natural disasters. Our experience has been that legal claims by customers and clients increase in a market downturn and that employment-related claims increase following periods in which we have reduced our staff. The uncertain regulatory enforcement environment makes it difficult to estimate probable losses, which can lead to substantial disparities between legal reserves and subsequent actual settlements or penalties.