The facilities maintenance industry is highly fragmented, and changes in competition could result in decreased demand for Grainger's products and services. Disruptions could occur due to factors beyond Grainger's control, such as economic downturns, political unrest, port slowdowns, and trade issues, any of which could adversely affect a supplier's ability to manufacture or deliver products. Grainger's ability to provide same-day shipping and next-day delivery is an integral component of the business strategy, and any disruption could adversely impact the results of operations. Interruptions in the proper functioning of information systems could disrupt operations and cause unanticipated increases in costs and/or decreases in revenues. Grainger continues to invest in software, hardware, and network infrastructures to effectively manage its information systems and websites. If critical information systems fail or otherwise become unavailable, Grainger's ability to process orders, maintain proper levels of inventories, collect accounts receivable, and disburse funds could be adversely affected. Disruptions in Grainger's supply chain could result in an adverse impact on results of operations. A disruption within Grainger's logistics or supply chain network, including damage, destruction, extreme weather, and other events which would cause one or more of the distribution centers to become non-operational, could adversely affect Grainger's ability to deliver inventory in a timely manner, impair Grainger's ability to meet customer demand for products, and result in lost sales or damage to Grainger's reputation. Grainger's competitive strengths include product selection and availability, with products purchased from more than 4,500 key suppliers located in various countries around the world. Changes in customer or product mix could cause the gross margin percentage to decline. Grainger experiences changes in customer and product mix that affect gross margin, primarily from business acquisitions, changes in customer demand, customer acquisitions, selling and marketing activities, and competition. Grainger's continued success is substantially dependent on positive perceptions of its reputation, which is built over many years. Even an isolated incident, or the aggregate effect of individually insignificant incidents, can erode trust and confidence, particularly if they result in adverse publicity, governmental investigations, or litigation. Grainger's business is subject to various government regulations, and compliance with these laws and regulations increases the cost of doing business. Grainger has implemented policies and procedures designed to facilitate compliance with these laws and regulations, but there can be no assurance that employees, contractors, or agents will not violate such laws and regulations or Grainger's policies. Any such violations could materially adversely affect Grainger's financial condition or operating results. Grainger's operations are primarily in the United States and Canada, with a presence also in Europe, Asia, and Latin America. Given Grainger's large number of customers and the diverse industries it serves, several economic factors and industry trends tend to shape Grainger's business environment. The overall economy and leading economic indicators provide general insight into projecting Grainger's growth. Grainger plans to continue to make investments in its supply chain, information systems, e-commerce, sales force, and inventory management services, which are expected to accelerate market share growth and increase Grainger's size and scale.