The company seeks to drive greater agility, productivity, flexibility, and cost savings by transforming and globally integrating its own business processes and functions to remain competitive and enable scaling of resources and offerings in both emerging and more established markets. These various initiatives may not yield their intended gains in speed, quality, productivity, and enablement of rapid scaling, which may impact the company's competitiveness and its ability to meet its growth and productivity objectives. The company continues to invest significantly in its strategic imperatives to drive revenue growth and market share gains, although client adoption rates and viable economic models are less certain in the high-value, highly competitive, and rapidly-growing segments. As the company expands to capture emerging growth opportunities, it needs to rapidly secure the appropriate mix of trained, skilled, and experienced personnel, and develop ecosystems and collaborative partnerships. The company experiences and responds to cybersecurity threats, although none has had a material adverse effect on the company to date. As these threats develop and grow, the company may also find it necessary to make significant further investments to protect data and infrastructure. The company's business and operations could be impacted by local legal, economic, political, and health conditions, and any widespread outbreak of an illness, pandemic, or other local or global health issue could adversely affect customer demand and the company's operations and its ability to source and deliver products and services to its customers. The company is subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations concerning the discharge of materials into the environment or otherwise related to environmental protection, which could incur substantial costs. The company's financial results are difficult to predict due to various factors, including the introduction of new products and services, the length of sales cycles, and the seasonality of technology purchases. The company's results of operations could be negatively impacted by its U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans, and adverse equity market conditions may have an unfavorable impact on the value of the company's pension trust assets and its future estimated pension liabilities. The company's internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements due to inherent limitations, including human error and fraud. The company depends on skilled personnel, and much of its future success depends on the continued service, availability, and integrity of these resources. The company could be impacted by its relationships with critical suppliers, and changes in the business condition of these suppliers could subject the company to losses and affect its ability to bring products to market. The company is exposed to currency and customer financing risks that could impact its revenue and business, and it employs a number of strategies to manage these risks, including the use of derivative financial instruments. The company is involved in ongoing claims, demands, suits, investigations, tax matters, and proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of its business, and it believes it has adopted appropriate risk management and compliance programs. The company's ability to pay interest and repay the principal for its debt securities is dependent upon its ability to manage its business operations, as well as the other risks described. The company faces risks related to acquisitions, alliances, and dispositions, including integration challenges and the failure to achieve strategic objectives.