We are a leading global operator of regulated exchanges, clearing houses and data services for financial and commodity markets. Our business is conducted as a single reportable business segment, and substantially all of our identifiable assets are located in the United States, United Kingdom, continental Europe, Israel, Canada and Singapore. We have diversified our business so that we are less subject to the reduction in volatility, trading activity or participation in any one asset class. We continue to focus on our strategy to broaden and diversify our revenue streams, as well as on our company-wide expense reduction initiatives in connection with our acquisition of NYSE in order to mitigate uncertainties. We successfully transitioned all of the Liffe futures and options contracts to ICE Futures Europe during the year ended December 31, 2014. The clearing transition of the Liffe products to ICE Clear Europe was completed in July 2013. We have increased our portion of non-transaction and clearing revenues from 13% in 2012 to 39% in 2014. Our results have been and will continue to be affected by many factors, including the level of trading activity in our markets, which during any period is significantly influenced by general market conditions; competition; price volatility; market share and the pace of industry consolidation; broad trends in the brokerage and finance industry; price levels and price volatility; the number and financial health of companies listed on NYSE's cash markets; geopolitical events; weather and disasters; real and perceived supply and demand imbalances; availability of capital; changing technology in the financial services industry; and legislative and regulatory changes. In particular, the business environment has been characterized by increasing competition among global markets for trading volumes and listings, the globalization of exchanges, customers and competitors, and market participants' demand for speed, capacity and reliability, which requires continuing investment in technology. Price volatility increases the need to hedge price risk and creates the need for the exchange of risk between market participants. Market liquidity is one of the primary market attributes for attracting and maintaining customers and is an important indicator of a market's strength. The maintenance and growth of our revenues could also be impacted if we face increased pressure on pricing. We periodically make adjustments to our contract specifications aimed at making the contracts more relevant to more customers and their evolving hedging needs or are required based on changes to the underlying commodity. These adjustments may result in fluctuations in trading volume in the near term, with the objective of making the contract more relevant to our customers over the long term. We have implemented policies and procedures designed to measure, manage, monitor and report risk exposures, which are regularly reviewed by the appropriate management and supervisory bodies. We limit our exposure to credit risk by rigorously selecting the counterparties with which we make our investments and execute agreements. Our investment objective is to invest in securities that preserve principal while maximizing yields, without significantly increasing risk. We seek to substantially mitigate credit risk associated with investments by ensuring that these financial assets are placed with governments, well-capitalized financial institutions and other creditworthy counterparties. The cash deposits made to margin accounts and to the guaranty fund are recorded in the consolidated balance sheet as current assets with corresponding current liabilities to the clearing members that deposited them. The amounts that the clearing members are required to maintain in the original margin and guaranty fund accounts are determined by standardized parameters established by the margin or risk committees, risk management departments and the boards of directors of each of the ICE clearing houses and may fluctuate over time.