The following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations, and the trading price of our common stock could decline. Our operations could also be affected by factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial to our operations. Changes in product demand can harm our results of operation and financial condition. Demand for our products is variable and hard to predict. Important factors that could lead to variation in the demand for our products include changes in business conditions, including downturns in the computing industry, or in the global or regional economies; consumer confidence or income levels caused by changes in market conditions; competitive and pricing pressures; and market acceptance of our products. If we do not anticipate and respond to these developments, our competitive position may weaken, and our products or technologies might be uncompetitive or obsolete. Our business focus has expanded and now includes the design and production of platforms for tablets, smartphones, and other devices across the compute continuum. We face new sources of competition, including from incumbent competitors with established customer bases and greater brand recognition. We must continually improve the cost, integration, and energy efficiency of our products as well as expand our software capabilities to provide customers with comprehensive computing solutions. Despite our ongoing efforts, there is no guarantee that we will achieve or maintain consumer and market acceptance for our products and services. Our R&D efforts are critical to our success and are aimed at solving complex problems, and we do not expect all of our projects to be successful. Our operations could be disrupted by natural disasters; geopolitical conditions; terrorist activity; public health issues; cybersecurity incidents; interruptions of service from utilities, transportation or telecommunications providers; or other catastrophic events. Such events could make it difficult or impossible to manufacture or deliver products to our customers, receive production materials from our suppliers, or perform critical functions, which could adversely affect our revenue and require significant recovery time and expenditures to resume operations. While we maintain business recovery plans that are intended to allow us to recover from natural disasters or other events that can be disruptive to our business, some of our systems are not fully redundant and we cannot be sure that our plans will fully protect us from all such disruptions. Our operations have high costs that are either fixed or difficult to reduce in the short term, including our costs related to manufacturing, such as facility construction and equipment, R&D, and the employment and training of a highly skilled workforce. If product demand decreases or we fail to forecast demand accurately, we could be required to write off inventory or record excess capacity charges, which would lower our gross margin. We also rely on third-party providers to manufacture, assemble and test certain components or products. If any of these third parties are unable to perform these services on a timely basis, we may encounter supply delays or disruptions that could adversely affect our financial results. We face risks related to the development and implementation of new manufacturing process technology. Disruptions in the production process can also result from errors, defects in materials, interruption in our supply of materials or resources, and disruptions at our fabrication and assembly and test facilities due to accidents, maintenance issues, or unsafe working conditions—all of which could affect the timing of production ramps and yields. We are subject to loss contingencies, including various legal and regulatory proceedings and asserted and potential claims, accruals related to repair or replacement of parts in connection with product errata, as well as product warranties and potential asset impairments that arise in the ordinary course of business. An estimated loss from such contingencies is recognized as a charge to income if it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated.