If our products do not achieve market acceptance, we will not be able to generate the revenue necessary to support our business. Achieving physician, patient, and third-party payor acceptance of da Vinci surgery as a preferred method of performing surgery will be crucial to our success. Economic conditions could materially adversely affect our company. Uncertainty about current global economic conditions continues to pose a risk as customers may postpone or reduce spending in response to restraints on credit. There could be additional effects from adverse conditions in the credit markets on our business, including the insolvency of key suppliers or their inability to obtain credit to finance the development and/or manufacture of our products resulting in product delays. If economic conditions worsen or if the improved economic conditions are slower than anticipated, our forecasted demand may not materialize to the levels we require to achieve our anticipated financial results, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on our revenue, profitability, and the market price of our stock. Our markets are highly competitive, and customers may choose to purchase our competitors' products or may not accept da Vinci surgery, which would result in reduced revenue and loss of market share. We may face competition from companies that develop wristed, robotic, or computer-assisted surgical systems and products in the future. Our revenues may be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and market products that are more effective or less expensive than our products. If we are unable to compete successfully, our revenues will suffer. We may not be able to maintain or improve our competitive position against current or potential competitors, especially those with greater resources. We expect gross profit margins to vary over time, and changes in our gross profit margins could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. We experience long and variable capital sales cycles and seasonality in our business, which may cause fluctuations in our financial results. Our reliance on sole and single-source suppliers could harm our ability to meet demand for our products in a timely manner or within budget. If we are unable to meet and overcome these challenges, our international operations may not be successful, which would limit the growth of our business. Natural disasters, terrorist activities, and other business disruptions could seriously harm our revenue and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. We are subject to product liability and negligence claims relating to the use of our products that could be expensive, divert management's attention, and harm our business. The outcome of product liability litigation is inherently uncertain and difficult to quantify, and the magnitude of potential damages, if any, may not be known for a substantial period of time. We may incur losses associated with currency fluctuations and may not be able to effectively hedge our exposure. We cannot be certain that our products will not experience component aging, errors, or performance problems in the future. If we experience flaws or performance problems, any of the following could occur: delays in product shipments, loss of revenue, delay in market acceptance, diversion of our resources, damage to our reputation, product recalls, regulatory actions, increased service or warranty costs, or product liability claims. We are subject to significant, uninsured liabilities. If we do not prevail in the purported class action and derivative lawsuit, product liability litigation, or other legal proceedings, we may be faced with significant monetary damages or injunctive relief against us that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. We may not be able to attract and retain personnel on acceptable terms given the competition for such personnel among technology and healthcare companies and universities.