The company's business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows are subject to various risks, including those that could cause actual results to vary materially from anticipated future results. The global nature of the company's operations subjects it to political and economic risks that could adversely affect its business, results of operations, or financial condition. The company has a decentralized operating structure under which its individual businesses are allowed significant decision-making autonomy within the company's strategic framework and internal financial and compliance controls. The company cannot ensure that its internal controls will always protect against reckless or criminal acts committed by its employees, agents, or business partners that might violate laws, including anti-bribery and environmental laws. The company has made significant progress on its business structure simplification and strategic sourcing initiatives, which are expected to enhance the business and improve profitability and returns. The portfolio management initiative aims to construct a business portfolio that leverages the company's differentiated business model and growth potential, focusing on eliminating complexity and overhead costs associated with smaller product lines and customers. The company utilizes the 80/20 business process to simplify and focus on key drivers of business profitability, which can result in restructuring projects that reduce costs and improve profitability. The company’s enterprise strategy is centered on initiatives that enhance operational flexibility and drive organic revenue growth. The company actively protects its innovation through a patent portfolio and focuses on building relationships with major customers to develop deep knowledge and insight around their needs, which drives innovation. The company’s ability to absorb strain and preserve or improve functioning despite the presence of adversity is critical to maintaining its competitive advantage. The timing and amount of benefits from the company's enterprise initiatives may not be as expected, and the company's financial results could be adversely impacted if these initiatives are not completed without material disruption. The company’s ability to develop new products based on innovation can affect its competitive position and sometimes requires significant investment of time and resources. The company’s financial results are impacted by global economic conditions, and downturns in the markets served could adversely affect its businesses. The company's profitability is affected by movements of the U.S. dollar against foreign currencies, and significant long-term fluctuations in relative currency values could have an adverse effect on profitability and financial condition. The company’s defined benefit pension plans are subject to financial market risks that could adversely affect its results of operations and cash flows. The company’s strategic sourcing initiative focuses on building sourcing capability to leverage purchasing scale to enhance profitability and global competitiveness. The company believes that its sources of liquidity are sufficient to service debt and finance capital allocation priorities, including investment in existing businesses to fund internal growth and acquisitions. The company’s ability to foresee, confront, and benefit from sudden disruptive change is essential for survival and growth in a turbulent market environment.