JPMorgan Chase maintains a global resiliency and crisis management program that is intended to ensure that the firm has the ability to recover its critical business functions and supporting assets, including staff, technology, and facilities, in the event of a business interruption. While the firm believes that its current resiliency plans are both sufficient and adequate, there can be no assurance that such plans will fully mitigate all potential business continuity risks to the firm or its customers and clients. Any failures or disruptions of the firm's systems or operations could give rise to losses in service to customers and clients, adversely affect the firm's business and results of operations by subjecting the firm to losses or liability, or require the firm to expend significant resources to correct the failure or disruption, as well as by exposing the firm to litigation, regulatory fines or penalties, or losses not covered by insurance. A breach in the security of JPMorgan Chase's systems could disrupt its businesses, result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage its reputation, and create significant financial and legal exposure for the firm. The firm devotes significant resources to maintain and regularly update its systems and processes that are designed to protect the security of the firm's computer systems, software, networks, and other technology assets and the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information belonging to the firm and its customers and clients. However, there is no assurance that all of the firm's security measures will provide absolute security. JPMorgan Chase and other companies have reported significant breaches in the security of their websites or other systems, some of which have involved sophisticated and targeted attacks intended to obtain unauthorized access to confidential information, destroy data, disrupt or degrade service, sabotage systems, or cause other damage. A cyberattack against the firm in 2014 resulted in customer and internal data of the firm being compromised. The firm is regularly targeted by unauthorized parties using malicious code and viruses and has also experienced several significant distributed denial-of-service attacks from technically sophisticated and well-resourced third parties intended to disrupt online banking services. Despite the firm's efforts to ensure the integrity of its systems, it is possible that the firm may not be able to anticipate, detect, or recognize threats to its systems or to implement effective preventive measures against all security breaches, especially because the techniques used change frequently or are not recognized until launched. The firm's risk management framework seeks to mitigate risk and loss to the firm, and the firm has established processes and procedures intended to identify, measure, monitor, report, and analyze the types of risk to which the firm is subject. However, there are inherent limitations to the firm's risk management strategies because there may exist, or develop in the future, risks that the firm has not appropriately anticipated or identified. Any lapse in the firm's risk management framework and governance structure or other inadequacies in the design or implementation of the firm's risk management framework, governance, procedures, or practices could, individually or in the aggregate, cause unexpected losses for the firm, materially and adversely affect the firm's financial condition and results of operations, require significant resources to remediate any risk management deficiency, attract heightened regulatory scrutiny, expose the firm to regulatory investigations or legal proceedings, subject the firm to fines, penalties or judgments, harm the firm's reputation, or otherwise cause a decline in investor confidence. The firm's businesses are dependent on the firm's ability to process, record, and monitor an increasingly large number of complex transactions and to do so on a faster and more frequent basis. If the firm's financial, accounting, trading, or other data processing systems, or the operating systems of third parties on which the firm's businesses are dependent, are unable to meet these increasingly demanding standards, or if they fail or have other significant shortcomings, the firm could be materially and adversely affected.