We may not effectively respond to changing consumer preferences, trends, health concerns, and other factors. If we do not effectively anticipate these trends and changing consumer preferences, then quickly develop new products in response, our sales could suffer. We operate in highly competitive markets, and competition is generally based upon brand recognition, taste, quality, price, availability, selection, and convenience. Our two largest competitors in the LRB market are Coca-Cola and PepsiCo, which represent approximately 60% of the U.S. LRB market by volume. These competitors can use their resources and scale to rapidly respond to competitive pressures and changes in consumer preferences by introducing new products, changing their route to market, reducing prices, or increasing promotional activities. We depend on a small number of large retailers for a significant portion of our sales. If we do not successfully provide appropriate marketing, product, packaging, pricing, and service to these retailers, our product availability, sales, and margins could suffer. Certain retailers make up a significant percentage of our products' retail volume. We depend on third-party bottling and distribution companies for a portion of our business. Some of these bottlers, such as PepsiCo and Coca-Cola, are also our competitors. The majority of these bottlers' business comes from selling either their own products or our competitors' products. A disruption in production at our beverage concentrates manufacturing facility could have a material adverse effect on our business. A disruption could occur at any of our other facilities or those of our suppliers, bottlers, or distributors for many reasons, including fire, natural disasters, weather, manufacturing problems, disease, strikes, transportation or supply interruption, government regulation, cybersecurity attacks, or terrorism. We believe the North American LRB market is influenced by certain key trends and uncertainties, such as increased health consciousness and changes in economic factors, which have created continued category headwinds for our CSDs. We believe brand owners and bottling companies will continue to create new products and packages that address changes in consumer tastes and preferences. Our integrated business model strengthens our route-to-market and provides opportunities for net sales and profit growth through the alignment of the economic interests of our brand ownership and our manufacturing and distribution businesses. We actively seek to control increases in costs, but there can be no assurance that we will succeed in limiting future cost increases, and continued upward pressure in costs could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial performance. We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk with respect to our sales, expenses, profits, assets, and liabilities denominated in the Mexican peso or the Canadian dollar. We manage a small portion of our exposure to the Canadian dollar utilizing derivative instruments and are not protected against most foreign currency fluctuations. Changes in economic and financial conditions may negatively impact consumer confidence and consumer spending, which could result in a reduction in our sales volume and/or switching to lower price offerings. We believe that our operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our anticipated obligations for the next twelve months. We expect to incur annual capital expenditures in an amount approximately 3.00% of our net sales, which we expect to fund through cash provided by operating activities. We have ongoing programs of investment and upgrading in our manufacturing, distribution, and other facilities. If our investment and restructuring costs are higher than anticipated or our business does not develop as anticipated to appropriately utilize new or upgraded facilities, our costs and financial performance could be negatively affected.