Our business faces many risks and uncertainties that we cannot control, which could adversely affect our business, consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. Intense competition for sales of our products, changes in consumer purchasing patterns, and the inability to innovate or market our products effectively could have an adverse effect on our financial results. We may be unable to anticipate or adequately respond to changes in consumer demand for our products. Our ability to develop new products is affected by whether we can successfully anticipate consumer needs and preferences, develop and fund technological innovations, and receive and maintain necessary patent and trademark protection. Disruption in our supply chain or the failure of third-party providers to satisfactorily perform could adversely impact our operations. These activities are subject to inherent risks such as natural disasters, power outages, fires or explosions, labor strikes, terrorism, pandemics, import restrictions, and regional economic, business, environmental, or political events, which could impair our ability to manufacture or sell our products. The inability to effectively manage foreign market risk could adversely affect our business, consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity. We continue to implement plans to improve our competitive position by achieving cost reductions in our operations, including implementing restructuring programs in functions or areas of our business where we believe such opportunities exist. The successful implementation of this program presents significant organizational challenges, including successfully managing the relationship with Halyard, and we may not be able to realize all of the expected benefits of the program. Our strategy includes growing our operations outside the U.S., especially in developing markets such as China, Latin America, and Eastern Europe. We are increasingly dependent on key retailers, and some of these retailers may have significant bargaining power, which could lead to reduced profitability. We may also be negatively affected by changes in the policies of our retail trade customers, such as inventory de-stocking and limitations on access to shelf space. Our international operations are subject to foreign market risks, including foreign exchange risk, currency restrictions, and political, social, and economic instability, which may adversely affect our financial results. The restructuring is intended to improve our underlying profitability and increase our flexibility to invest in targeted growth initiatives, brand building, and other capabilities critical to delivering future growth. We anticipate that advertising spending will increase somewhat as a percentage of net sales to support targeted growth initiatives, brand building, and innovation activities. Our information technology systems serve an important role in the efficient and effective operation and administration of our business. While we have contingency plans in place to prevent or mitigate the impact of these events, if they were to occur and our disaster recovery plans do not effectively address the issues on a timely basis, we could suffer interruptions in our ability to manage our operations, which may adversely affect our business and financial results. We may divest or acquire product lines or businesses, which could impact our results. The inability to effectively and efficiently manage divestitures and acquisitions with the results we expect or in the timeframe we anticipate could adversely affect our business, consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity. We are subject to many laws and governmental regulations, including regulations by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and comparable foreign agencies, as well as potential litigation or administrative actions. Adverse regulatory action, including a recall, regulatory or other governmental investigation, or product liability or other litigation may adversely affect our financial condition and business operations.