Our pipelines business is dependent on the supply of and demand for the commodities transported by our pipelines. Changes in the business environment, such as the recent sharp decline in crude oil prices, an increase in production costs from higher feedstock prices, supply disruptions, or higher development costs, could result in a slowing of supply from oil and natural gas producing areas. The implementation of new regulations or the modification of existing regulations affecting the oil and gas industry could reduce demand for natural gas, crude oil and refined petroleum products, increase our costs and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Our growth strategy may cause difficulties integrating acquisitions and constructing new facilities, and we may not be able to achieve the expected benefits from any future acquisitions or expansions. Successful integration of each acquisition, expansion or construction project will depend upon our ability to manage those operations and to eliminate redundant and excess costs. Difficulties in integration may be magnified if we make multiple acquisitions over a relatively short period of time. Our substantial debt could adversely affect our financial health and make us more vulnerable to adverse economic conditions. Our ability to service our debt will depend upon, among other things, our future financial and operating performance, which will be affected by prevailing economic conditions and financial, business, regulatory and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. Our ability to respond to changes in business and economic conditions and to obtain additional financing, if needed, may be restricted. Our business, financial condition and operating results may be affected adversely by increased costs of capital or a reduction in the availability of credit. Adverse changes to the availability, terms and cost of capital, interest rates or our credit ratings could cause our cost of doing business to increase by limiting our access to capital, limiting our ability to pursue acquisition opportunities and reducing our cash flows. Our credit ratings may be impacted by our leverage, liquidity, credit profile and potential transactions. We may face competition from other pipelines and other forms of transportation into the areas we serve as well as with respect to the supply for our pipeline systems. Any current or future pipeline system or other form of transportation that delivers crude oil, petroleum products or natural gas into the areas that our pipelines serve could offer transportation services that are more desirable to shippers than those we provide because of price, location, facilities or other factors. Our ability to maintain the levels of operating efficiency that acquired companies have achieved or might achieve separately is critical. The integration of acquired companies or new assets involves a number of risks, including demands on management related to the increase in our size, the diversion of management's attention from the management of daily operations, and difficulties in implementing or unanticipated costs of accounting, estimating, reporting and other systems. We are subject to extensive laws and regulations related to pipeline integrity, and compliance costs can be difficult to predict. The ultimate costs of compliance with the integrity management rules may require us to incur significant capital and operating expense outlays to comply. Our operations are subject to federal, state, provincial and local laws, regulations and potential liabilities arising under or relating to the protection or preservation of the environment, natural resources and human health and safety. Our ability to develop additional oil and gas reserves that are economically recoverable depends in part upon our ability to foresee, confront, and benefit from sudden disruptive change to survive, grow, and flourish.