We operate in markets that contain many competitors, and our ability to remain competitive and to attract and retain business depends on our success in distinguishing the quality, value, and efficiency of our lodging products and services. Economic uncertainty could impact our financial results and growth, and we continue to experience weakened demand for our hotel rooms in some markets. Our hotel management and franchise agreements may be subject to premature termination, which could hurt our financial performance. We conduct our business on a global platform, and changes in global and regional economies impact our activities. Our future performance could be affected by the economic environment in each of our operating regions and any future incidents in those regions. We are increasingly exposed to the challenges and risks of doing business outside the United States, many of which are outside of our control. Compliance with complex and changing laws, regulations, and government policies may impact our operations. We are subject to restrictions imposed by the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and anti-corruption laws and regulations of other countries applicable to our operations. Our compliance programs and internal controls may not prevent conduct that is prohibited under these rules. We are also subject to trade sanctions that could restrict our operations in certain countries. Our operations outside the United States represented approximately 18 percent of our revenues in 2014, and we expect that our international revenues will continue to grow. We monitor market conditions and carefully price our rooms daily in accordance with individual property demand levels, generally adjusting room rates as demand changes. We strive to effectively leverage our size and broad distribution, and we continue to invest in our brands by means of new, refreshed, and reinvented properties, new room and public space designs, and enhanced amenities and technology offerings. Our emphasis on long-term management contracts and franchising tends to provide more stable earnings in periods of economic softness. We remain focused on doing the things that we do well, which include selling rooms, taking care of our guests, and controlling costs both at company-operated properties and at the corporate level. Properties in our system continue to maintain very tight cost controls, and we also control above-property costs by remaining focused on systems, processing, and support areas. Our brands remain strong as a result of skilled management teams, dedicated associates, and superior customer service with an emphasis on guest and associate satisfaction. We believe that we have access to sufficient financial resources to finance our growth, as well as to support our ongoing operations and meet debt service and other cash requirements. Our growth strategy depends upon third-party owners/operators, and future arrangements with these third parties may be less favorable. We expect to continue making selective and opportunistic investments to add units to our lodging business, which may include loans and noncontrolling equity investments. The ability of third-party purchasers to raise the debt and equity capital necessary to acquire properties depends in part on the perceived risks inherent in the lodging industry and other constraints inherent in the capital markets. We expect that undrawn bank commitments under our credit facility will remain available to us even if business conditions were to deteriorate markedly.