You should read the following risk factors carefully when evaluating our business and the forward-looking information contained in this annual report on form 10-K. We operate in a highly competitive industry, and if we do not effectively respond to challenges from our competitors, our business could be adversely affected. Competitor and customer pressures may require that we reduce our prices, which could negatively impact the achievement of our strategic and financial goals. We have announced a transformation agenda with the goals of focusing our portfolio, improving our cost structure and operating model, and accelerating our growth. If we do not achieve these objectives in a way that minimizes disruptions to our business, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Our success depends on our ability to maintain brand image for our existing products, extend our brands into new geographies and to new distribution platforms, and expand our brand image with new product offerings. We are subject to risks from operating globally, including compliance with various laws and regulations, changes in tax laws, currency fluctuations, and political and economic changes that could interrupt our business operations or customer demand. Unanticipated business disruptions could adversely affect our ability to provide our products to our customers, and if we do not effectively respond to disruptions in our operations, we may be late in delivering or unable to deliver products to our customers. We must hire, retain, and develop effective leaders and a highly skilled and diverse global workforce. Unplanned turnover or failure to develop adequate succession plans could deplete our institutional knowledge base and erode our competitiveness. We must address risks related to consolidation of retail customers and leverage our value proposition in order to compete against retailer and other economy brands. Retail consolidation increases the risk that adverse changes in our customers' business operations will have a corresponding material adverse effect on us. We may decide or be required to recall products or be subjected to product liability claims, which could materially and adversely affect our reputation and profitability. We are subject to greater risk of litigation, legal or tax claims, or other regulatory enforcement actions. Our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations in emerging markets, which have greater political, economic, and currency volatility. Our ability to manage associated risks is critical to our growth strategy. We evaluate a variety of potential strategic transactions that could further our strategic business objectives, but we may not successfully identify, complete, or manage the risks presented by these transactions. We must correctly predict, identify, and interpret changes in consumer preferences and demand and offer new products to meet those changes. If we fail to expand our product offerings successfully or do not rapidly develop products in faster growing categories, demand for our products could decrease. We are increasingly dependent on information technology, and if our significant information technology systems suffer severe damage or disruption, our product sales and financial condition may be adversely affected. Weak financial performance and volatile global economic conditions could limit our access to the global capital markets and increase our borrowing costs. We believe that cash from operations and our credit facilities will provide sufficient liquidity for our working capital needs and planned capital expenditures. We expect to maintain investment grade credit ratings on our debt.