Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. If we fail to retain existing users or add new users, or if our users decrease their level of engagement with our products, our revenue, financial results, and business may be significantly harmed. Our financial performance has been and will continue to be significantly determined by our success in adding, retaining, and engaging active users. If people do not perceive our products to be useful, reliable, and trustworthy, we may not be able to attract or retain users or otherwise maintain or increase the frequency and duration of their engagement. User engagement patterns have changed over time, and user engagement can be difficult to measure. Any number of factors could potentially negatively affect user retention, growth, and engagement, including if users increasingly engage with other products or services, if we fail to introduce new products or services that users find engaging, or if we are unable to manage and prioritize information to ensure users are presented with content that is interesting, useful, and relevant to them. If we are unable to maintain or increase our user base and user engagement, our revenue and financial results may be adversely affected. Our ability to compete effectively depends upon many factors both within and beyond our control, including the popularity, usefulness, ease of use, performance, and reliability of our products compared to our competitors' products. Our business is highly competitive, and we face significant competition in every aspect of our business. We believe that our ability to compete effectively depends upon many factors, including our ability to attract, retain, and motivate talented employees, particularly software engineers, designers, and product managers. Our user growth, engagement, and monetization on mobile devices depend upon effective operation with mobile operating systems, networks, and standards that we do not control. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain, and serve our users is dependent upon the reliable performance of our products and our underlying technical infrastructure. Our systems may not be adequately designed with the necessary reliability and redundancy to avoid performance delays or outages that could be harmful to our business. If our products are unavailable when users attempt to access them, or if they do not load as quickly as expected, users may not use our products as often in the future, or at all. Our business may be subject to interruptions, delays, or failures resulting from natural disasters, power loss, or other catastrophic events. Our ability to successfully integrate complex acquisitions is unproven, particularly with respect to companies that have significant operations or that develop products where we do not have prior experience. We may not be successful in maintaining or developing relationships with key participants in the mobile industry or in developing products that operate effectively with these technologies, systems, networks, or standards. We may also experience unforeseen difficulties in building and operating key portions of our technical infrastructure. We cannot assure you that we will effectively manage our growth. The growth and expansion of our business and products create significant challenges for our management, operational, and financial resources. If we do not succeed in attracting, hiring, and integrating excellent personnel, or retaining and motivating existing personnel, we may be unable to grow effectively.