The following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with evaluating our business and the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report on Form 10-K. We cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will be realized, although we believe we have been prudent in our plans and assumptions. Achievement of future results is subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may prove to be inaccurate. Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could vary materially from those anticipated. Significant federal, state and local governmental actions, including actions by the FDA, and various private sector actions may continue to have an adverse impact on our tobacco subsidiaries' businesses. These actions, combined with the diminishing social acceptance of smoking, have resulted in reduced cigarette industry volume, and we expect that these factors will continue to reduce cigarette consumption levels. Our tobacco businesses face significant competition and their failure to compete effectively could have an adverse effect on the business of Altria Group, Inc.'s tobacco subsidiaries. Each of our tobacco and wine subsidiaries is subject to intense competition and changes in adult consumer preferences. To be successful, they must continue to promote brand equity successfully, anticipate and respond to new and evolving adult consumer preferences, develop, manufacture, market and distribute products that appeal to adult consumers, improve productivity, and protect or enhance margins through cost savings and price increases. Altria Group, Inc.'s tobacco subsidiaries may be unsuccessful in developing and commercializing innovative tobacco products that may reduce the health risks associated with current tobacco products and that appeal to adult tobacco consumers. Altria Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries may be unable to attract and retain the best talent due to the impact of decreasing social acceptance of tobacco usage and tobacco control actions. Our ability to implement our strategy of attracting and retaining the best talent may be impaired by the impact of decreasing social acceptance of tobacco usage and tobacco regulation and control actions. The failure of Altria Group, Inc.'s information systems to function as intended, or the penetration by outside parties intent on disrupting business processes, could result in significant costs, loss of revenue, assets or personal or other sensitive data and reputational harm. We have backup systems and business continuity plans in place and we take care to protect our systems and data from unauthorized access. Nevertheless, failure of our systems to function as intended, or penetration of our systems by outside parties intent on extracting or corrupting information or otherwise disrupting business processes, could result in loss of revenue, assets or personal or other sensitive data, cause damage to the reputation of our companies and their brands and result in legal challenges and significant remediation and other costs to Altria Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries. Altria Group, Inc. may be required to write down intangible assets, including goodwill, due to impairment, which would reduce earnings. The preparation of financial statements includes the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of net revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. If actual amounts are ultimately different from previous estimates, the revisions are included in Altria Group, Inc.'s consolidated results of operations for the period in which the actual amounts become known. Altria Group, Inc.'s subsidiaries account for the cost of the state settlement agreements, FETRA and FDA user fees as a component of cost of sales. Altria Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries record provisions in the consolidated financial statements for pending litigation when they determine that an unfavorable outcome is probable and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated.