Our operations are subject to business interruptions and casualty losses. Failure to manage risks associated with business interruptions could adversely impact our operations, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our operations are subject to business interruptions due to scheduled refinery turnarounds, unplanned maintenance, or unplanned events such as explosions, fires, refinery or pipeline releases or other incidents, power outages, severe weather, labor disputes, or other natural or man-made disasters, such as acts of terrorism. For example, pipelines provide a nearly-exclusive form of transportation of crude oil to, or refined products from, some of our refineries. In such instances, a prolonged interruption in service of such a pipeline could materially and adversely affect the operations, profitability, and cash flows of the impacted refinery. We rely on the performance of our information technology systems, the failure of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We are heavily dependent on our information technology systems and network infrastructure and maintain and rely upon certain critical information systems for the effective operation of our business. These systems and infrastructure are subject to damage or interruption from a number of potential sources including natural disasters, software viruses or other malware, power failures, cyber-attacks, and other events. To protect against such attempts of unauthorized access or attack, we have implemented infrastructure protection technologies and disaster recovery plans. We face strong competition in the market for the sale of retail gasoline, diesel fuel, and merchandise. Our competitors may be better able to withstand volatile market conditions or levels of low or no profitability in the retail segment of the market. The retail market is diverse and highly competitive, and very aggressive competition could adversely impact our business. We may incur losses to our business as a result of our forward-contract activities and derivative transactions. A failure of a futures commission merchant or counterparty to perform would affect these transactions. We have significant debt obligations; therefore, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be harmed by a deterioration of our credit profile, a decrease in debt capacity, or unsecured commercial credit available to us. Our operations and those of our predecessors could expose us to litigation and civil claims by private plaintiffs for alleged damages related to contamination of the environment or personal injuries caused by releases of hazardous substances from our facilities. We are currently defending litigation and anticipate we will be required to defend new litigation in the future. Our anticipated growth and planned expenditures are based upon the assumption that societal sentiment will continue to enable and existing regulations will remain intact to allow for the future development, transportation, and use of carbon-based fuels. However, policy decisions relating to the production, refining, transportation, and marketing of carbon-based fuels are subject to political pressures and the influence of environmental and other special interest groups. Delays or cost increases related to capital spending programs involving engineering, procurement, and construction of facilities could materially adversely affect our ability to achieve forecasted internal rates of return and operating results. We believe that we comply with all legal requirements regarding the environment, but since not all of them are fixed or presently determinable, it is not possible to predict all of the ultimate costs of compliance, including remediation costs that may be incurred and penalties that may be imposed. Our environmental capital expenditures are expected to approximate 10 percent of total capital expenditures in 2015. We continuously evaluate our capital budget and make changes as conditions warrant, which reflects our adaptability to changing circumstances and our commitment to maintaining operational flexibility in the face of external pressures.