We face a number of risks related to current global economic and political conditions, including low economic growth rates in certain markets, the impact of currency fluctuations, and unstable political conditions that have and could continue to unfavorably impact our business. These global economic and political conditions have impacted and could continue to impact our business in a number of ways, including requests by customers for vendor financing. The inability of our customers to obtain sufficient credit or other funds could have a negative impact on our financial results. It is difficult to estimate changes in various parts of the U.S. and world economy, including the markets in which we participate. The prevailing economic uncertainties render estimates of future income and expenditures challenging. Uncertainty about current and future global economic conditions may cause businesses and governments to defer or cancel purchases. If political instability continues in certain markets, it could have a significant impact on our ability to grow and operate in those locations. We are also experiencing increased pressure to agree to established currency conversion rates and cost of living adjustments as a result of foreign currency fluctuations. We have a significant amount of our international business transacted in local currency, which exposes us to risk relating to currency fluctuations and changes in foreign exchange regulations. We rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of complex information technology systems and networks, and any disruption could negatively impact our operations, sales, and operating results. A security breach or other significant disruption of our IT systems could have a negative impact on our operations, sales, and operating results. We face additional risks as a target of sophisticated attacks aimed at compromising sensitive information. The actions of our outsourced business partners could result in reputational damage to us and could negatively impact our financial results. We may have disputes with our subcontractors regarding the quality and timeliness of work performed, which could harm our business. The inability of our subcontractors to perform in a timely and compliant manner could negatively impact our performance obligations. Our sales within a quarter are not linear, creating inefficiencies in our business performance. Any interruption during the final month of the quarter could have a substantial impact on our quarterly financial results. We have experienced shortages in the past that have negatively impacted our results of operations and may experience such shortages in the future. Our future operating results depend on our ability to purchase a sufficient amount of materials, parts, and components to meet customer demands, and any disruption to our suppliers could have a negative impact on our results of operations. We have entered into large, multi-year system and solutions contracts that may expose us to technological risks, defaults by third parties, and financial risks. The expansion of our solutions and services business creates new competitors and new areas of risk that we may not be able to properly assess or mitigate. Our success depends in part on our timely introduction of new products and technologies, and our results can be impacted by the effectiveness of our investments in new products and technologies. We may not be as successful as our competitors at recruiting and retaining highly-skilled personnel, which could negatively impact our business. We are subject to various risks that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those stated in forward-looking statements, including changes in economic conditions, competition, and regulatory matters.