If our efforts to attract and retain members are not successful, our business will be adversely affected. Our ability to continue to attract members will depend in part on our ability to consistently provide our members with compelling content choices, as well as a quality experience for selecting and viewing TV shows and movies. If we are unable to successfully compete with current and new competitors in both retaining our existing members and attracting new members, our business will be adversely affected. The long-term and fixed cost nature of our content commitments may limit our operating flexibility and could adversely affect our liquidity and results of operations. Given the multiple-year duration and largely fixed cost nature of content commitments, if member acquisition and retention do not meet our expectations, our margins may be adversely impacted. We are expanding our operations internationally, scaling our streaming service to effectively and reliably handle anticipated growth in both members and features related to our service. As we expand internationally, we must license content in advance of entering into a new geographical market. If we fail to maintain or, in new markets establish, a positive reputation with consumers concerning our service, including the content we offer, we may not be able to attract or retain members, and our operating results may be adversely affected. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain and serve our members is dependent upon the reliable performance and security of our computer systems and those of third parties that we utilize in our operations. Any significant disruption in or unauthorized access to our computer systems or those of third parties that we utilize in our operations could result in a loss or degradation of service, unauthorized disclosure of data, including both member and corporate information, and could adversely impact our business. We have implemented certain systems and processes to thwart hackers and protect our data and systems. Our ability to provide our members with content they can watch depends on studios, content providers and other rights holders licensing rights to distribute such content. If we are unable to reach mutually acceptable terms with these organizations, we could become involved in litigation and/or could be enjoined from distributing certain content, which could adversely impact our business. We rely upon a number of partners to make our service available on their devices. If we are not successful in maintaining existing and creating new relationships, or if we encounter technological, content licensing or other impediments to delivering our streaming content to our members via these devices, our ability to grow our business could be adversely impacted. Our ability to adapt to changes in competitive offerings for entertainment video, including the potential rapid adoption of piracy-based video offerings, could adversely impact our business. We face risks, such as unforeseen costs and potential liability in connection with content we develop, produce, license and/or distribute through our service. Our failure to manage change and growth could adversely affect our business. The market for entertainment video is intensely competitive and subject to rapid change. We must continually add new members both to replace members who cancel and to grow our business beyond our current member base. If we are unable to manage the growing complexity of our business, including improving, refining or revising our systems and operational practices related to our streaming operations, our business may be adversely affected. Our international operations involve risks that could adversely affect our business, including the need to adapt our content and user interfaces for specific cultural and language differences. Our ability to foresee, confront, and benefit from sudden disruptive change is essential to survive, grow, and flourish in a competitive landscape.