In order to grow, we need to continue to acquire investment properties, which may be subject to competitive pressures. Negative market conditions or adverse events affecting our existing or potential tenants could have an adverse impact on our ability to attract new tenants, re-lease space, collect rent, or renew leases, which could adversely affect our cash flow from operations and inhibit growth. We could be adversely affected by various facts and events over which we have limited or no control, such as lack of demand in areas where our properties are located, inability to retain existing tenants and attract new tenants, and economic or physical decline of the areas where the properties are located. Furthermore, we may be exposed to a variety of new risks by expanding into new property types and jurisdictions outside the United States. We may face limited experience in managing certain types of new properties and the laws and culture of any non-U.S. jurisdiction. Our acquisition of additional properties may have a significant effect on our business, liquidity, financial position, and results of operations. Our ability to make distributions on our common stock and preferred stock and payments on our indebtedness will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. We cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to make distributions or to fund our other liquidity needs. Our business operations may not generate the cash needed to make distributions on our capital stock or to service our indebtedness. We depend on the efforts of our executive officers and key employees, and the loss of their services could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Natural disasters, terrorist attacks, or other unexpected events may negatively affect our operations and the market price of our capital stock. These occurrences could materially interrupt our business operations and result in increased volatility in the U.S. and worldwide financial markets and economy. We rely on information technology networks and systems to manage or support a variety of our business processes, and any material failure or security failure of that technology could harm our business. Disruptions in the financial markets could affect our ability to obtain financing on reasonable terms and have other adverse effects on us. We continually monitor the commercial real estate and U.S. credit markets and will make decisions to adjust our business strategy accordingly. We believe that our stockholders are best served by a conservative capital structure, and we seek to maintain a conservative debt level on our balance sheet. Our strategy of primarily holding properties long-term decreases the likelihood of carrying values not being recoverable. However, if our strategy or one or more of the above assumptions were to change in the future, an impairment may need to be recognized. Our portfolio of real estate, leased primarily to regional and national tenants under net leases, continues to perform well and provides dependable lease revenue supporting the payment of monthly dividends to our stockholders. We expect that inflation will cause lease provisions to result in rent increases over time, although substantial inflationary pressures may adversely impact our tenants if increases in their operating expenses exceed increases in revenue.