Our cash flow depends heavily on the earnings and distributions of Oneok Partners, and our partnership interest in Oneok Partners is our primary cash-generating source. Therefore, our cash flow is heavily dependent upon the ability of Oneok Partners to make distributions to its partners. A significant decline in Oneok Partners' earnings and/or cash distributions could have a corresponding negative impact on us. Our indebtedness could impair our financial condition and our ability to fulfill our obligations, making it more difficult to satisfy our obligations with respect to our senior notes and other indebtedness. It could also diminish our ability to withstand a downturn in our business or the economy, requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to debt-service payments, thereby reducing the availability of cash for working capital and capital expenditures. Future financing agreements may contain similar or more restrictive covenants, which could result in higher costs of borrowing and impair our ability to generate additional cash. Our established risk-management policies and procedures may not be effective, and employees may violate our risk-management policies, exposing us to greater risk than intended. Ineffective risk-management policies could adversely affect our earnings, financial position, or cash flows. Our businesses are dependent upon our operational systems to process a large amount of data and complex transactions, and any failure in these systems could adversely affect our operations and financial results. We have become more reliant on technology to help increase efficiency in our businesses, which subjects us to increased risks. The recent rise in cyberattacks on companies' network and information systems has increased the risks associated with such events. A significant failure, compromise, breach, or interruption in our systems could result in a disruption of our operations, customer dissatisfaction, damage to our reputation, and a loss of customers or revenues. Our ability to maintain or expand our businesses depends largely on the level of drilling and production by third parties in key regions. If production from these areas declines, our volumes and revenue could decline significantly. Our operations are subject to all risks and hazards typically associated with the operation of natural gas and natural gas liquids gathering, transportation, and distribution pipelines, which could materially affect our business. We are subject to market and credit risks in all of our operations, and the impact of commodity price fluctuations could result in our inability to fulfill contractual obligations. Our ability to make strategic acquisitions and investments will depend on the extent to which opportunities become available and our access to capital. If we are unable to make strategic investments and acquisitions, our ability to grow may be limited. We expect to continue to seek opportunities to convert our contracts to fee-based contracts or increase the fee component in our contracts. Our operations are subject to multiple environmental laws and regulations, and failure to comply with these laws may expose us to fines, penalties, and interruptions in operations. The risk of incurring substantial environmental costs and liabilities is inherent in our business. Our operations are also subject to federal and state laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, which may expose us to significant costs and liabilities. The impact of climate change could create physical and financial risks, affecting our operations and the demand for our services. We expect the energy commodity price environment to remain depressed for at least the near term, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations.