The company's business is highly sensitive to global and national economic conditions as well as economic conditions in the industries and markets it serves. Negative economic conditions and outlook can materially weaken demand for the company's equipment and services. Unexpected events, including natural disasters, may increase the company's cost of doing business or disrupt the company's or its suppliers' operations. The company routinely monitors its financial exposure to global financial conditions, its global counterparties, and its operating environments. The company believes its cash balances and investments, collections on existing finance receivables, syndicated bank lines, and current investment-grade credit ratings will continue to provide it with sufficient resources and access to capital markets at competitive interest rates and therefore contribute to the company maintaining its liquidity and financial stability. The company is exposed to liquidity risk from the shorter maturity of short-term borrowings paid to lenders compared to the longer timing of receivable collections from customers. The company conducts business in countries experiencing significant financial stress, fiscal or political strain, and is subject to potential default. The company has provided an accrual for the estimated costs to investigate and complete cleanup actions where it is probable that the company will incur such costs in the future. The company believes its policies, practices, and procedures are designed to prevent unreasonable risk of environmental damage and that its handling, use, and disposal of hazardous or toxic substances have been in accordance with environmental laws and regulations. The company maintains protections to guard against disruptions to its information technology systems, which may be subject to various risks. The company expects to fund its maturing financial services debt obligations principally from funds provided by collections from customers on loans and lease contracts, as well as from the proceeds of commercial paper and medium-term note borrowings. The company has developed a range of loss estimates for each of its country portfolios based on historical experience, taking into account loss frequency and severity in both strong and weak truck market conditions. The adequacy of the allowance for credit losses is evaluated quarterly based on the most recent past due account information and current market conditions. The company has developed a systematic methodology for determining the allowance for credit losses for its two portfolio segments, retail and wholesale. In determining the allowance for credit losses, retail loans and finance leases are evaluated together since they relate to a similar customer base, their contractual terms require regular payment of principal and interest, and they are secured by the same type of collateral. The company modifies loans and finance leases as a normal part of its financial services operations, which may include changes to contract terms for customers considered to be in financial difficulty. The company believes that its U.S. cash and cash equivalents and marketable debt securities, future operating cash flow, and access to the capital markets will be sufficient to meet U.S. liquidity requirements. The company expects capital investments in 2015 to be focused on enhanced powertrain development and increased operating efficiency for its factories and distribution centers. The company has line of credit arrangements of $3.50 billion, of which $3.37 billion were unused at December 31, 2014. The company intends to replace these credit facilities as they expire with facilities of similar amounts and duration.