The following factors should be considered when reviewing our business, as they could have a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations, or net cash flows and could cause results to differ materially from those expressed elsewhere in this report. We are subject to comprehensive and evolving regulation by federal, state, and local regulatory agencies that affects our businesses. Changes in regulation can cause significant delays in or materially affect business planning and transactions and can materially increase our costs. We are exposed to commodity price volatility as a result of our participation in the wholesale energy markets. The material risks associated with the wholesale energy markets known or currently anticipated that could adversely affect our operations include price fluctuations and collateral requirements. We face significant competition in the merchant energy markets, which may adversely affect our ability to make investments or sales on favorable terms and achieve our annual objectives. Our business has been impacted by established rules that create locational capacity markets, and any changes to these rules may have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We have begun work in our gas and electric distribution systems to improve resiliency, and the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities approved the settlement of our energy strong proposal in a total amount of $1.22 billion. This settlement provides for cost recovery at a 9.75% rate of return on equity on the first $1.0 billion of the investment, plus associated allowance for funds used during construction, through an accelerated recovery mechanism. Our success will depend on our ability to continue providing safe and reliable service to our customers while minimizing service disruptions. We are also exposed to the risk of equipment failures, accidents, severe weather events, or other incidents which could result in damage to or destruction of our facilities or damage to persons or property. The physical risks of severe weather events, such as experienced from Hurricane Irene and Superstorm Sandy, have further exacerbated these risks. Our operations depend on the retention of a skilled workforce, and the loss or retirement of key executives or other employees could result in various operational challenges. Our future success will depend on our ability to maintain strong operational and financial performance in a slow-moving economy and a cost-constrained environment, to capitalize on or otherwise address appropriately regulatory and legislative developments that impact our business, and to respond to the issues and challenges described. We must continue to focus on controlling costs while maintaining safety and reliability and complying with applicable standards and requirements. Our capital investment program, including our energy strong program, aims to enhance the resiliency of our infrastructure and maintain the reliability of the service we provide to our customers. We are subject to numerous federal and state environmental laws and regulations that may significantly limit or affect our businesses, adversely impact our business plans, or expose us to significant environmental fines and liabilities. Future changes may result in significant increases in compliance costs. We cannot predict what further actions, if any, or the costs or the timing thereof, that may be required with respect to these or other natural resource damages claims.