The statements in this section describe the major risks to our business and should be considered carefully. Our disclosure and analysis contain forward-looking statements that set forth anticipated results based on management's plans and assumptions. Achievement of anticipated results is subject to substantial risks, uncertainties, and inaccurate assumptions. Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results could vary materially from those anticipated. We note these factors for investors as permitted by the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. Pricing pressures and government regulation impact our business, and our future results could be adversely affected by changes in such regulations or policies. We encounter similar regulatory and legislative issues in most other countries, and pressures on the pricing component of operating results will continue. The adoption of restrictive price controls in new jurisdictions could adversely impact revenue. Our growth potential depends on our ability to identify and develop new products or new indications for existing products that address unmet medical needs. Balancing current growth, investment for the future, and the delivery of shareholder return remains a major challenge. Our ongoing investments in new product introductions and in R&D for new products could exceed corresponding sales growth, producing higher costs without a corresponding increase in revenues. The outcome of the lengthy and complex process of identifying new compounds and developing new products is inherently uncertain and involves a high degree of risk and cost. Drug discovery and development is time-consuming, expensive, and unpredictable. Regulatory delays and the inability to successfully complete clinical trials can adversely affect the realization of R&D and product-related forward-looking statements. Increasing regulatory scrutiny has resulted in a more challenging, expensive, and lengthy regulatory approval process. We rely heavily on third-party collaborators, service providers, and others in the development and commercialization of our products. Failure by one or more of these third parties to meet their obligations could delay or prevent the development, approval, or commercialization of our products and could also result in reputational harm. Significant disruptions of information technology systems or breaches of information security could adversely affect our businesses. We are managing many independent vendor relationships with third parties who may have access to our confidential information. The size and complexity of our information technology systems make them potentially vulnerable to service interruptions or security breaches. Our international operations could be affected by currency fluctuations, capital and exchange controls, and other restrictive government actions. We have been employing strategies to grow in emerging markets, but there is no assurance that these strategies will be successful. The global economic environment has not had a material impact on our liquidity or capital resources, but changes in global financial markets could affect our liquidity or capital resources. Outsourcing certain services to third parties could expose us to sub-optimal quality of service delivery, which may result in missed deadlines or reputational harm. We expect to continue to enhance our in-line products and product pipeline through acquisitions, licensing, and alliances, but these plans are subject to the availability and cost of appropriate opportunities. The success of our proposed acquisition of Hospira will depend on our ability to realize anticipated benefits and cost savings from combining our businesses. The integration process may result in the loss of key employees or disruption of ongoing businesses.