We face risks that are inherent in global manufacturing that could negatively impact our business results. While we have business continuity and contingency plans for key manufacturing sites and the supply of raw materials, it may be impracticable to have a sufficient alternative source, particularly when the input materials are in limited supply. Our strategy for global growth includes increased presence in emerging markets, which may have greater political volatility and vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions than established markets. Any significant disruption of manufacturing, such as labor disputes, loss or impairment of key manufacturing sites, natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism, and other external factors could interrupt product supply and, if not remedied, have an adverse impact on our business. We must be able to successfully respond to competitive factors, including pricing, promotional incentives, and trade terms. Our ability to achieve business objectives is dependent on how well we can compete with local and global competitors in new and existing markets and channels. The consumer products industry is highly competitive, and there are ongoing competitive pressures in the environments in which we operate, as well as challenges in maintaining profit margins. Our success is dependent, in part, on our continued ability to manage fluctuations in costs, particularly due to changes in commodity prices, raw materials, labor costs, energy costs, and foreign exchange rates. Therefore, our success is dependent on our ability to manage these fluctuations through pricing actions, cost-saving projects, and sourcing decisions while maintaining and improving margins and market share. The ability to innovate and execute in these areas will determine the extent to which we are able to grow existing net sales and volume profitably. Our financial targets assume a consistent level of productivity improvement. If we are unable to deliver expected productivity improvements while continuing to invest in business growth, our financial results could be adversely impacted. We continue to execute significant business and organizational changes, including acquisitions, divestitures, and workforce optimization projects to support our growth strategies. Successfully managing these changes, including retention of particularly key employees, is critical to our business success. Our ability to successfully manage ongoing acquisition, joint venture, and divestiture activities could impact our business results. We must be able to successfully manage the impacts of these activities while delivering against our business objectives. Our businesses face risks associated with having significant international operations, which are subject to various risks, including compliance with local regulations and laws, changes in tax laws, and difficulties enforcing intellectual property rights in certain jurisdictions. Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to manage continued global and economic uncertainty, especially in our significant geographies, as well as any political or economic disruption. These risks could negatively impact our overall liquidity and financing costs, as well as our ability to collect receipts due from governments and create significant credit risks relative to our local customers and depository institutions. We rely on third parties in many aspects of our business, which creates additional risk. Due to the scale and scope of our business, we must rely on relationships with third parties for certain functions, which inherently involves a lesser degree of control over business operations, governance, and compliance, thereby potentially increasing our financial, legal, reputational, and operational risk.