Management divides risks into four broad categories in assessing how they may affect our financial condition and operating results, as well as our ability to achieve our business objectives. The risks stemming from external or internal events or circumstances may directly or indirectly affect our insurance operations. Our success depends on our ability to underwrite risks accurately and to charge adequate rates to policyholders, which involves the acquisition and analysis of historical accident and loss data, and the projection of future accident trends. Our ability to price accurately is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including the availability of sufficient, reliable data and our ability to conduct a complete and accurate analysis of available data. The realization of one or more of these risks may result in our pricing being based on inadequate or inaccurate data, which could negatively affect our underwriting profit margins or reduce our competitiveness and growth prospects. Our success depends on our ability to establish accurate loss reserves, which represent our best estimate of the amounts that the subsidiaries ultimately will pay on claims that have been incurred. There is inherent uncertainty in the process of establishing property and casualty insurance loss reserves, which can arise from a number of factors, including the availability of sufficient, reliable data and the difficulty in predicting changes in frequency and severity trends. Our insurance operating results may be materially adversely affected by severe weather conditions or other catastrophic events, which are inherently unpredictable and may increase how often severe weather events occur. We compete in the automobile insurance and other property-casualty markets, which are highly competitive, and our ability to innovate effectively, respond to our competitors' initiatives, and efficiently manage complexity while delivering high-quality products and services is critical. Our ability to develop and implement strategic initiatives that are accepted and valued by our customers is essential to maintaining or enhancing our competitive position. Ongoing competitive, technological, regulatory, and other developments result in significant levels of complexity in our products and in the systems and processes we use to run our business. This complexity may create barriers to implementing new ideas or providing high-quality products and customer experiences and may lead to the increased possibility of error in executing our business strategies. Our business is highly dependent upon our employees' ability to perform necessary business functions efficiently and uninterruptedly. The shut-down or unavailability of one or more of our systems or facilities could significantly impair our ability to perform critical business functions on a timely basis. To help maintain functionality and reduce the risk of significant interruptions of our operations, we maintain back-up systems or facilities for certain of our systems. We have established emergency management teams responsible for responding to business disruptions and other risk events. Our ability to respond successfully may be limited depending on the nature of the event and the effectiveness of our plans to maintain business continuity and recover our systems. We rely on access to various financial networks to process payments received from our customers, and our ability to participate in these networks is dependent on our compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Disruptions in financial markets could limit our ability to meet payment obligations, and our business could be materially adversely affected by a security breach or other attack involving our computer systems or the systems of one or more of our vendors.