The company regularly executes organizational changes such as acquisitions, divestitures, and realignments to support its growth and cost management strategies. The company also engages in initiatives aimed to increase productivity, efficiencies, and cash flow and to reduce costs. The company further commits significant resources to identify, develop, and retain key employees to ensure uninterrupted leadership and direction. If the company is unable to successfully manage these and other organizational changes, the ability to complete such activities and realize anticipated synergies or cost savings as well as the company's results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. The company may be subject to risks arising from uncertainty in worldwide and regional economic conditions. Global macro-economic conditions and the rate of economic recovery have stabilized to an extent; however, declining or relatively flat growth persists in the economic regions in which the company conducts substantial operations. The continued effects of the global economic downturn and the rate of recovery may have an adverse effect on the business, results of operations, and financial condition of the company and its distributors, customers, and suppliers. The company has remained focused on maintaining its financial strength by adjusting its cost structure to reflect changing demand levels, maintaining a strong balance sheet, and managing its cash. The company cannot predict changes in worldwide or regional economic conditions, as such conditions are highly volatile and beyond the company's control. The company may be subject to risks relating to its information technology systems. The company relies extensively on information technology systems to manage and operate its business. If these systems are damaged, intruded upon, shutdown, or cease to function properly, the company's results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. The company is subject to national and international laws and regulations that may disrupt its business and could materially adversely impact the company's financial condition or results of operations. The company's operations necessitate the use and handling of hazardous materials and, as a result, it is subject to various laws and regulations designed to protect the environment. These laws impose penalties, fines, and other sanctions for non-compliance and liability for response costs, property damages, and personal injury resulting from past and current spills or other releases. The company may be subject to risks arising from litigation, legal and regulatory proceedings, and obligations. An unfavorable outcome could materially adversely impact the company's business, financial condition, or results of operations. The company expects to continue its strategy of identifying and acquiring businesses with complementary products and services, and entering into joint ventures, which it believes will enhance its operations and profitability. However, there can be no assurance that the company will be able to continue to find suitable businesses to purchase or joint venture opportunities or that it will be able to acquire such businesses on acceptable terms. The successful integration of new businesses and the success of joint ventures depend on the company's ability to manage these new businesses and cut excess costs. If the company is unable to avoid these risks, its results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. The company may be subject to risks arising from changes in the competitive environment in which it operates. The company's operations are subject to competition from a wide variety of global, regional, and local competitors, which could adversely affect the company's results of operations by creating downward pricing pressure and/or a decline in the company's margins or market shares. To compete successfully, the company must excel in terms of product quality and innovation, technological and engineering capability, manufacturing and distribution capability, delivery, price competitiveness, and customer service.