The following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with evaluating our business and the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report on Form 10-K. Our business faces significant governmental action aimed at increasing regulatory requirements with the goal of reducing or preventing the use of tobacco products. Governmental actions, combined with the diminishing social acceptance of smoking, have resulted in reduced industry volume in many of our markets, which will continue to reduce consumption levels and increase down-trading and the risk of counterfeiting. Our ability to grow may be limited by our inability to introduce new products, enter new markets, or improve our margins through higher pricing and improvements in our brand and geographic mix. We may be unable to anticipate changes in consumer preferences or respond to consumer behavior influenced by economic downturns. We face intense competition, and our failure to compete effectively could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and results of operations. Our results may be influenced by economic, regulatory and political developments, natural disasters, or conflicts, which could disrupt our supply chain, manufacturing capabilities, or distribution capabilities. Such developments could lead to loss of property or equipment critical to our business in certain markets and difficulty in staffing and managing our operations, which could reduce our volumes, revenues, and net earnings. We may be required to replace third-party contract manufacturers or service providers with our own resources, which could increase our costs significantly. We have backup systems and business continuity plans in place, and we take care to protect our systems and data from unauthorized access; nevertheless, failure of our systems to function as intended could result in loss of revenue, assets, or sensitive data, litigation and regulatory action, and damage to our reputation. Our ability to implement our strategy of attracting and retaining the best global talent may be impaired by the decreasing social acceptance of cigarette smoking. We may not succeed in our efforts to develop commercially viable new product technologies with the potential to reduce exposure to harmful constituents in smoke. Our profitability may suffer if we are unable to introduce new products or enter new markets successfully, to raise prices, or maintain an acceptable proportion of our sales of higher margin products and sales in higher margin geographies. We are subject to risks of failing to achieve efficient and effective integration, strategic objectives, and anticipated revenue improvements and cost savings from acquisitions and strategic business development opportunities. Our operating income could be significantly affected by regulatory initiatives resulting in a significant decrease in demand for our brands, particularly requirements that lead to a commoditization of tobacco products. We cannot predict the outcome of governmental investigations or whether additional investigations may be commenced, and it is possible that our business could be materially affected by an unfavorable outcome of pending or future investigations. The failure of our information systems to function as intended or their penetration by outside parties could result in business disruption, litigation, and regulatory action. Our ability to grow may be limited by our inability to introduce new products, enter new markets, or improve our margins through higher pricing and improvements in our brand and geographic mix. The competitive environment and our competitive position can be significantly influenced by weak economic conditions, erosion of consumer confidence, and regulatory changes that diminish our ability to differentiate our products.