We are subject to a number of risks potentially impacting our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our success is dependent on our ability to identify, understand, and manage the risks presented by our business activities so that we can appropriately balance revenue generation and profitability. Difficult economic conditions or volatility in the financial markets would likely have an adverse effect on our business, financial position, and results of operations. Our business and overall financial performance are vulnerable to the impact of poor or weak economic conditions, particularly in the United States but also to some extent in the global economy. A return to recessionary economic conditions in the United States would likely adversely affect us, our business, and financial performance. We encounter risk as part of the normal course of our business, and we design risk management processes to help manage these risks. We have exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and we routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry. Many of these transactions expose us to credit risk in the event of default of our counterparty or client. Despite maintaining a diversified loan portfolio, we may have concentrated credit exposure to a particular person or entity, industry, region, or counterparty. Events adversely affecting specific customers, industries, regions, or markets could adversely affect us. Our business and financial performance is impacted significantly by market interest rates and movements in those rates. The monetary, tax, and other policies of governmental agencies, including the Federal Reserve, have a significant impact on interest rates and overall financial market performance over which we have no control. We depend on information systems, both internally and through third parties, to conduct our business and could suffer a material adverse impact from interruptions in the effective operation of, or security breaches affecting, those systems. We have policies, procedures, and systems designed to prevent or limit the effect of possible failures, interruptions, or breaches in security of information systems. Our ability to mitigate the adverse consequences of such occurrences is in part dependent on the quality of our business continuity planning and our ability to anticipate the timing and nature of any such event that occurs. The adverse impact of natural and other disasters, terrorist activities, international hostilities, and the like could be increased to the extent that there is a lack of preparedness on the part of national or regional governments, including emergency responders, or on the part of other organizations and businesses with which we deal. Our business and financial performance could be adversely affected, directly or indirectly, by disasters, natural or otherwise, by terrorist activities, or by international hostilities. We continually encounter technological change and we could falter in our ability to remain competitive in this arena. Our continued success depends, in part, upon our ability to address the needs of our customers by using technology to provide products and services that satisfy customer demands and create efficiencies in our operations. We manage our company for the long term, focused on the fundamentals of growing customers, loans, deposits, and fee revenue while investing for the future and managing risk, expenses, and capital. We strive to expand and deepen customer relationships by offering a broad range of deposit, fee-based, and credit products and services. Our strategies for growing fee income across our lines of business are focused on achieving deeper market penetration and cross-selling our diverse product mix. We continue to invest in our products, markets, and brand, and embrace our corporate responsibility to the communities where we do business.