Our operating results and future rate of growth are exposed to the effects of changing commodity prices and refining, petrochemical, and plastics margins. The prices depend on numerous factors beyond our control, including the global supply and demand for feedstocks and our products, which are subject to changes in the global economy, local market conditions, and government regulations. Uncertainty and illiquidity in credit and capital markets can impair our ability to obtain credit and financing on acceptable terms, adversely affecting the financial strength of our business partners. Our ability to access credit and capital markets may be restricted at a time when we would like, or need, access to those markets, which could constrain our flexibility to react to changing economic and business conditions. We expect to continue to incur substantial capital expenditures and operating costs as a result of compliance with existing and future environmental laws and regulations. Climate change may adversely affect our facilities and ongoing operations, with potential physical effects including rising sea levels and changing storm patterns. Domestic and worldwide political and economic developments could damage our operations and materially reduce our profitability and cash flows. Our business is subject to numerous laws and regulations relating to environmental protection, which continue to increase in both number and complexity and affect our operations. We have incurred and will continue to incur substantial capital, operating, and maintenance expenditures as a result of these laws and regulations. We strive for continuous improvement in safety, environmental stewardship, reliability, and cost efficiency, which is fundamental to our operations. We actively monitor costs and are committed to reducing our environmental footprint throughout our operations. Our performance depends on the uninterrupted operation of our facilities, which are increasingly dependent on our information technology systems. A disruption in our information technology systems due to a catastrophic event or security breach could interrupt or damage our operations. Our operations present hazards and risks that must be managed through continual oversight and control. We maintain insurance against many, but not all, potential losses or liabilities arising from such operating risks. If a significant accident or event occurs for which we are not adequately insured, our operations and financial results could be adversely affected. Our investments in joint ventures decrease our ability to manage risk, and failure to adequately manage risks associated with acquisitions or joint ventures could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. We are subject to interruptions of supply and increased costs due to our reliance on third-party transportation of crude oil, NGL, and refined products. A significant interruption in one or more of our facilities could adversely affect our business, leading to increased volatility in prices for feedstocks and refined products. We strive to attract, train, develop, and retain individuals with the knowledge and skills to implement our business strategy. We encourage collaboration throughout our company while valuing differences and creating a great place to work. Our cash needs may exceed our internally generated cash flow, and our business could be materially and adversely affected if we are unable to obtain necessary funds from financing activities. We actively manage the operations of our refineries, and typically, any variability in their operations has not been as significant to cash flows as that caused by margins and prices. We are continually evaluating our capital budget in light of market conditions, retaining the flexibility to adjust the capital budget as the year progresses.