We operate in an environment that involves a number of significant risks and uncertainties, which could affect our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition. We are subject to significant ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight, and failure to maintain regulatory compliance may materially harm our business. The successful commercialization of our marketed products, as well as our late-stage product candidates or new indications for our marketed products, will depend on obtaining and maintaining coverage and reimbursement for use of these products from third-party payers. Our sales and potential profits are also dependent on the availability and extent of reimbursement from third-party payers, including private payer healthcare and insurance programs. The commercial success of our products may be adversely affected by guidelines or recommendations to healthcare providers that result in decreased use of our products. We are also reliant on our collaboration with Bayer Healthcare for the commercialization of Eylea outside the United States, which adds complexity to our operational management. Our ability to manufacture our products may be impaired if any of our manufacturing activities are found to infringe patents of others, which could materially harm our business. We are dependent on a small number of customers for a significant portion of our revenue, and the loss of or significant reduction in sales to these customers would adversely affect our results of operations. Our ability to generate and grow sales of Eylea will depend on the extent to which our distributors and specialty pharmacies are able to provide adequate distribution of Eylea to healthcare providers. We are highly dependent on certain executive officers and key members of our senior management team, and if we are not able to retain these individuals, our business may suffer. The planning, execution, and results of our clinical programs are significant factors that can affect our operating and financial results. We prepare estimates of research and development costs for projects in clinical development, which include direct costs and allocations of certain costs such as indirect labor and non-cash compensation expense. The lengthy process of seeking FDA approvals, and subsequent compliance with applicable statutes and regulations, require the expenditure of substantial resources. Our commercialization costs over the next few years will depend on whether new indications for our marketed products receive regulatory approval, the market potential for such new indications, and the commercialization terms of our collaboration agreements. We expect continued increases in our expenditures, particularly in connection with our research and development activities, capital expenditures, and costs related to the preparation for potential commercialization of our late-stage antibody product candidates. Our ability to obtain additional financing could be adversely affected if there is a significant decline in the demand for our products or other significantly unfavorable changes in economic conditions. We are subject to various laws and regulations that could have a materially negative impact on our business, including changes in healthcare availability or the payment for healthcare products and services. Our operations may involve hazardous materials and are subject to environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations, compliance with which is costly. Increasing use of social media could give rise to liability, breaches of data security, or reputational damage, which could adversely affect our business.