Our business is exposed to the risks of a large, multi-store retailer, which must continually and efficiently obtain and distribute a supply of fresh merchandise throughout a large and growing network of stores and distribution centers. Potential disruptions in the supply chain or in information systems could impact our ability to deliver product to our stores in a timely and cost-effective manner. We are subject to operating risks as we attempt to execute on our merchandising and growth strategies. The continued success of our business depends in part upon our ability to increase sales at our existing store locations, to open new stores, and to operate stores on a profitable basis. Our existing strategies and store and distribution center expansion programs may not result in a continuation of our anticipated revenue or profit growth. In executing our off-price retail strategies and working to improve efficiencies, expand our store network, and reduce our costs, we face a number of operational risks, including our ability to attract, train, and retain associates with the retail talent necessary to execute our strategies. We also aim to effectively operate and continually upgrade our various supply chain, store, core merchandising, and other information systems. The largest component of selling, general and administrative expenses is payroll, which reflects our operational continuity and resource management capabilities. We continually evaluate opportunistic real estate acquisitions and opportunities for potential new store locations. Our expansion strategy is to open additional stores based on market penetration, local demographic characteristics, competition, expected store profitability, and the ability to leverage overhead expenses. We also evaluate our current store locations and determine store closures based on similar criteria. Our merchandise and operational strategies are designed to take advantage of the expanding market share of the off-price industry as well as the ongoing customer demand for name brand fashions for the family and home at compelling discounts every day. We refer to our fiscal years ended January 31, 2015, February 1, 2014, and February 2, 2013 as fiscal 2014, fiscal 2013, and fiscal 2012, respectively. Our sales and earnings gains in 2014 continued to benefit from efficient execution of our off-price model throughout all areas of our business. We expect to continue to take advantage of packaway inventory opportunities to maximize our ability to deliver bargains to our customers. Changes in packaway inventory levels impact our operating cash flow. Our capital expenditures include costs to build or expand distribution centers, open new stores, and improve existing stores, and for various other expenditures related to our information technology systems, buying, and corporate offices. We are forecasting approximately $450 million in capital expenditures for fiscal year 2015 to fund costs for fixtures and leasehold improvements to open new stores, upgrade or relocate existing stores, and invest in information technology systems. Our existing cash balances, cash flows from operations, bank credit lines, and trade credit are adequate to meet our operating cash needs and to fund our planned capital investments, common stock repurchases, and quarterly dividend payments for at least the next twelve months. We regularly review the adequacy of credit available to us from all sources and expect to be able to maintain adequate trade credit, bank lines, and other credit sources to meet our capital and liquidity requirements. Future economic and industry trends that could potentially impact revenue, profitability, and growth remain difficult to predict. As a result, any forecasts or forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are given and do not necessarily reflect our outlook at any other point in time.