This form 10-K contains certain forward-looking information about us that is intended to be covered by the safe harbor for "forward-looking statements." Forward-looking statements include statements about our plans, strategies, and prospects, which are based upon our management's current beliefs and expectations and are subject to risk and uncertainties. Our ability to comply with financial covenants may be affected by changes in economic or business conditions or other events beyond our control. General economic conditions can directly and adversely affect our operating results. A weak economy generally results in decreases in volumes of waste generated, which adversely affects our revenues. We have a relatively high fixed-cost structure, which is difficult to adjust quickly to match declining waste volume levels. Consumer uncertainty and the loss of consumer confidence may decrease overall economic activity and thereby limit the amount of services we provide. The decline in waste volumes may result in increased competitive pricing pressure and increased customer turnover, resulting in lower revenue and increased operating costs. Our business is directly affected by changes in national and general economic factors and overall economic activity that are outside of our control. We cannot assure you that worsening economic conditions would not have a significant adverse impact on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. Recovery in the solid waste industry historically has lagged behind recovery in the general economy. We cannot assure you that an improvement in general economic conditions will result in an immediate, or any, improvement in our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. Our ability to execute our financial strategy depends in part on our ability to maintain investment-grade ratings on our debt. The credit rating process is contingent upon a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain our investment-grade ratings in the future. Our financial strategy also depends on our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to reinvest in our existing business, fund internal growth, acquire other solid waste businesses, pay dividends, and repurchase stock. Our growth strategy places significant demands on our financial, operational, and management resources. To continue our growth, we may need to add administrative and other personnel and may need to make additional investments in operations and systems. We cannot assure you that we will be able to find and train qualified personnel or expand our operations and systems to the extent and in the time required. Our ability to execute our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to identify and acquire desirable acquisition candidates and on our ability to successfully integrate acquired operations into our business. The integration of our operations with those of acquired companies may present significant challenges to our management. Our operations also require the use of products whose costs may vary with the price of petrochemicals. An increase in the price of petrochemicals could increase the cost of those products, which would increase our operating and capital costs. We are also susceptible to increases in indirect fuel recovery fees from our vendors. Fluctuations in prices for recycled commodities that we sell to customers may adversely affect our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We cannot assure you that we will succeed in executing our broad-based pricing initiatives or that we will generate sufficient cash flow to execute our financial strategy. Our ability to remain competitive and to grow our business largely depends on our cash flow from operations and access to capital. We may be unable to obtain or maintain required permits or to expand existing permitted capacity of our landfills, which could decrease our revenue and increase our costs. Failure to receive regulatory and zoning approval may prohibit us from establishing new landfills or transfer stations or expanding existing landfills. Our failure to obtain the required permits to operate our landfills and transfer stations could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.