Our global growth may be affected by global economic, capital market and political conditions. Our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows may be adversely affected by changes in global economic conditions and geopolitical risks, including credit market conditions, levels of consumer and business confidence, and other challenges that could affect the global economy. The tightening of credit in financial markets adversely affects the ability of our customers and suppliers to obtain financing for significant purchases and operations and could result in a decrease in or cancellation of orders for our products and services. Similarly, this tightening of credit may adversely affect our supplier base and increase the potential for one or more of our suppliers to experience financial distress or bankruptcy. Our financial performance is dependent on the conditions of the construction and aerospace industries, which are influenced by a number of external factors including fluctuations in residential and commercial construction activity, regulatory changes, interest rates, labor costs, foreign currency exchange rates, and global credit market conditions. A slowdown in building and remodeling activity can adversely affect the financial performance of our businesses. Additionally, the financial performance of our aerospace businesses is directly tied to the economic conditions in the commercial aviation and defense industries, which are cyclical in nature. Uncertainty continues to exist in the operating environment faced by commercial airlines, and capital spending and demand for aircraft engines and aerospace products are influenced by a wide variety of factors, including general economic conditions and corporate profitability. Future terrorist actions, pandemic health issues, or major natural disasters could also dramatically reduce demand for air travel, negatively impacting our aerospace businesses. Our international operations subject us to economic risk as our results of operations may be adversely affected by changes in foreign currency fluctuations and economic conditions. Changes in local government laws, regulations, and policies may also impact our international sales and operations. We expect that sales to emerging markets will continue to account for a significant portion of our sales as our business evolves. Emerging market operations can present risks, including economic and government instability. We engage in acquisitions and divestitures, and may encounter difficulties integrating acquired businesses with our current operations; therefore, we may not realize the anticipated benefits of these acquisitions and divestitures. Our debt levels and related debt service obligations could have negative consequences, including reducing our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our business and market conditions. Our business may be impacted by disruptions, including information technology attacks or failures, threats to physical security, as well as damaging weather or other acts of nature, pandemics or other public health crises. Cybersecurity threats are evolving and could result in disruptions in systems, unauthorized release of confidential information, and corruption of data. We believe that we have adopted appropriate measures to mitigate potential risks to our technology and operations from these disruptions. However, given the unpredictability of such disruptions, we could potentially be subject to operational delays, financial losses from remedial actions, and damage to our reputation. Our reliance on suppliers exposes us to volatility in the prices and availability of materials, and significant shortages or disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our ability to meet our commitments to customers. We may be unable to realize expected benefits from our cost reduction and restructuring efforts, and our profitability may be hurt or our business adversely affected if we do not successfully manage our restructuring activities.