Our success depends substantially on the value of our brands and failure to preserve their value could have a negative impact on our financial results. Business incidents that erode consumer trust, such as actual or perceived breaches of privacy or food contamination, can significantly reduce brand value and have a negative impact on our financial results. We believe customers expect the same quality of products and service from our licensees and food service providers as they do from us, and we strive to ensure customers receive the same quality of products and service experience. Security breaches of our information technology systems could result in a material loss of revenues from the potential adverse impact to our reputation and brand, our ability to retain or attract new customers, and the potential disruption to our business and plans. We continue to make significant investments in technology to develop and implement systems designed to anticipate cyber-attacks and prevent breaches. Incidents involving food-borne illnesses or adverse public opinions about health effects could harm our business, as negative publicity could adversely affect our sales on a regional or global basis. We may not be successful in implementing important strategic initiatives or effectively managing growth, which may have an adverse impact on our business and financial results. Factors that may adversely affect the successful implementation of these initiatives include construction cost increases, delays in store openings, and lack of customer acceptance of new products. Effectively managing growth can be challenging, particularly as we continue to expand into new channels and markets, where we must balance the need for flexibility and autonomy for local management against the need for consistency with our goals and standards. We face intense competition in each of our channels and markets, which could lead to reduced profitability. Our financial performance is highly dependent on our Americas operating segment, and if revenue trends slow or decline, our other segments may be unable to make up any significant shortfall. We are increasingly dependent on the success of our international operating segments to achieve our growth targets, and the performance of these operations may be adversely affected by economic downturns. We rely on a wide variety of domestic and international business partners in our supply chain operations, and the ability to find qualified suppliers and vendors who meet our standards is a significant challenge. Any material interruption in our supply chain could negatively impact our business and profitability. Our operating results are subject to a number of factors, many of which are largely outside our control, including labor discord, political instability, and natural disasters. We rely heavily on information technology in our operations, and any material failure or security failure of that technology could harm our ability to effectively operate our business and adversely affect our financial results. Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could harm our business and financial results. We actively manage our cash and investments to internally fund operating needs, make scheduled interest and principal payments on our borrowings, and return cash to shareholders. We expect to use available cash resources to invest in our core businesses and may seek strategic acquisitions to leverage existing capabilities. We believe that future cash flows generated from operations will be sufficient to finance capital requirements for our core businesses.