The following discussion of risk factors known to us contains important information for the understanding of our forward-looking statements. Demand for the majority of our services is substantially dependent on the levels of expenditures by the oil and gas industry. A substantial or an extended decline in oil and gas prices could result in lower expenditures by the oil and gas industry, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. These expenditures are generally dependent on the industry's view of future oil and natural gas prices and are sensitive to the industry's view of future economic growth and the resulting impact on demand for oil and natural gas. A significant downturn in the oil and gas industry could result in a reduction in demand for oilfield services and could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our non-United States operations accounted for approximately 71% of our consolidated revenue in 2014, exposing us to risks inherent in doing business in each of the approximately 85 countries in which we operate. Operations in countries other than the United States are subject to various risks, including political and economic conditions, exposure to possible expropriation of our assets, social unrest, acts of terrorism, war or other armed conflict, and trade and economic sanctions. Environmental compliance costs and liabilities could reduce our earnings and cash available for operations. We are subject to increasingly stringent laws and regulations relating to environmental protection, which may require us to incur costs or become the basis of new or increased liabilities that could reduce our earnings and our cash available for operations. The technical complexities of our operations expose us to a wide range of significant health, safety and environmental risks. Our offerings involve production-related activities that are deployed in challenging exploration, development and production environments. An accident involving these services or equipment, or a failure of a product, could cause personal injury, loss of life, damage to or destruction of property, or suspension of operations. Demand for our products and services could be reduced by changes in governmental regulations or in the law. If we are unable to maintain technology leadership, this could adversely affect any competitive advantage we hold. Our business may be adversely affected if our patents are unenforceable, or if our competitors develop technology independently that is similar to ours. Failure to obtain and retain skilled technical personnel could impede our operations. Severe weather conditions may affect our operations, potentially resulting in the evacuation of personnel and stoppage of services. Cyber attacks could affect our business, resulting in the loss of our intellectual property or other proprietary information and disruption of our business operations. Schlumberger believes that the oil markets are relatively well-balanced and that increasing global production capacity is in line with the overall growth in demand resulting from the continuing global economic recovery. In this uncertain environment, Schlumberger continues to focus on the things it can control and has already restructured and resized the business to match the reduced activity levels it expects. These actions resulted in certain charges being recorded during the fourth quarter of 2014. The increase in operational efficiency and the introduction of new technologies have contributed to our performance, allowing us to adapt to changing market conditions and maintain operational continuity. The combination of these factors demonstrates our organizational resilience in facing external pressures and adapting to the complexities of the business environment.