The following factors, among others, could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements made in this annual report on Form 10-K and presented elsewhere by our management from time to time. Our ability to absorb strain and preserve or improve functioning despite the presence of adversity is critical. We depend on external financings, principally debt financings, to fund the growth of our business and to ensure that we can meet ongoing maturities of our outstanding debt. Our access to financing depends on our credit rating, the willingness of banks to lend to us, and conditions in the capital markets. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain the financing we need for future growth or to meet our debt service as obligations mature. The operating partnership's outstanding senior unsecured notes, the commercial paper program, and Simon's preferred stock are periodically rated by nationally recognized credit rating agencies. Our credit rating can affect the amount of capital we can access, as well as the terms of any financing we obtain. We face risks associated with the acquisition, development, redevelopment, and expansion of properties, which are subject to various risks. If a development or redevelopment/expansion project is unsuccessful, we could lose our investment in the project. Our international expansion may subject us to different or greater risk from those associated with our domestic operations. Environmental risks may require us to investigate and clean up hazardous or toxic substances, which could adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. Overall economic conditions may adversely affect the general retail environment, and we derive our cash flow from operations primarily from retail tenants, many of whom have been and continue to be under some degree of economic stress. A significant deterioration in our cash flow from operations could require us to curtail planned capital expenditures or seek alternative sources of financing. We may not be able to lease newly developed properties and renew leases and relet space at existing properties. Changes in economic and operating conditions could impact the assumptions used in our assessments and could result in future charges to earnings. We face potential adverse effects from tenant bankruptcies, which may make it more difficult to lease the remainder of the affected properties. Our properties compete with other retail properties and other forms of retailing, and competition may come from various sources, affecting our ability to lease space and the level of rents we can obtain. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to attract and retain talented employees, and the loss of any key personnel could adversely impact our business. We face risks associated with security breaches through cyber-attacks, which could disrupt our information technology networks and related systems. Our business model and status as a REIT require us to regularly access the debt markets to raise funds for acquisition, development, and redevelopment activity. We believe we have sufficient cash on hand and availability under the credit facility to address our debt maturities and capital needs. We routinely review and evaluate acquisition opportunities based on their ability to enhance our portfolio, and we expect to generate positive cash flow from operations. Our estimated stabilized return on invested capital typically ranges between 8-12% for all of our new development, expansion, and redevelopment projects. We typically reinvest net cash flow from our international joint ventures to fund future international development activity, which mitigates some of the risk of our initial investment and exposure to changes in foreign currencies.