When evaluating our company and its subsidiaries, you should consider carefully the following risk factors that could materially adversely affect our actual results and cause such results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf. We may also be materially harmed by risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial. Our businesses are capital intensive and we rely significantly on long-term debt to fund a portion of our capital expenditures and refund outstanding debt, and on short-term borrowings to fund a portion of day-to-day business operations. The credit markets and financial services industry have in the past experienced periods of extreme world-wide turmoil characterized by the bankruptcy, failure, collapse or sale of many financial institutions and by extraordinary levels of government intervention and regulation. Limitations on the availability of credit and increases in interest rates or credit spreads may materially adversely affect our businesses, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects. Our foreign operations pose complex management, foreign currency, legal, tax and economic risks, which we may not be able to fully mitigate with our actions. These risks differ from and potentially may be greater than those associated with our domestic businesses. Our international businesses are sensitive to changes in the priorities and budgets of international customers and to geo-political uncertainties, which may be driven by changes in threat environments and potentially volatile worldwide economic conditions. Severe weather conditions, natural disasters, catastrophic accidents or acts of terrorism could materially adversely affect our businesses, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects. The occurrence of any of these events could lead to our facilities being idled for an extended period of time or our facilities operating well below expected capacity levels, which may result in lost revenues or increased expenses, including higher maintenance costs and penalties. Our businesses require numerous permits, licenses and other governmental approvals from various federal, state, local and foreign governmental agencies; any failure to obtain or maintain required permits, licenses or approvals could cause our sales to materially decline and/or our costs to materially increase. The scope and effect of new environmental laws and regulations, including their effects on our current operations and future expansions, are difficult to predict. Increasing international, national, regional and state-level concerns as well as new or proposed legislation and regulation may have substantial negative effects on our operations, operating costs, and the scope and economics of proposed expansion. Our businesses are subject to extensive federal, state, local and foreign statutes, rules and regulations relating to environmental protection. The implementation of recent and proposed legislation and regulation may materially adversely affect our unregulated businesses by imposing additional costs associated with emission limits. Our businesses are subject to complex government regulations and may be materially adversely affected by changes in these regulations or in their interpretation or implementation. We cannot predict the future course of changes in this regulatory environment or the ultimate effect that this changing regulatory environment will have on our businesses. Our operations depend on good labor relations with our employees. Labor disruptions, strikes or significant negotiated wage and benefit increases could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations and/or cash flows. Our businesses will need to continue to adapt to technological change which may cause us to incur significant expenditures to adapt to these changes and which efforts may not be successful. The failure to adapt to significant technological changes could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, operating results and financial condition. Our businesses depend on counterparties, business partners, customers, and suppliers performing in accordance with their agreements. If they fail to perform, we could incur substantial expenses and business disruptions which could materially adversely affect our businesses, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and/or prospects.