Our business is sensitive to the number of flight hours that our customers' planes spend aloft, the size and age of the worldwide aircraft fleet, and our customers' profitability, which are affected by general economic and geopolitical conditions. The airline industry has been severely affected by downturns in the global economy, higher fuel prices, and increased security concerns, which could impact future profitability. We rely heavily on certain customers for much of our sales, and a material reduction in purchasing by one of our larger customers could have a material adverse effect on our net sales, gross margin, and net income. Our sales to manufacturers of aircraft are cyclical, and downturns in sales may adversely affect us. We do not generally have guaranteed future sales of our products, and many of our contracts may be terminated on short notice. Our business may be adversely affected if we cannot consummate acquisitions on satisfactory terms or if we cannot effectively integrate acquired operations. We have significant experience in executing acquisitions and integrating acquired businesses into our company and culture, which has historically resulted in improvements in financial performance. The successful integration of new businesses depends on our ability to manage these new businesses and cut excess costs, which could decrease the time available to service customers and develop new products. Our business is affected by the price and availability of raw materials and components, and we could be adversely impacted by factors affecting our suppliers. Our facilities are located near known earthquake fault zones and hurricane paths, making us vulnerable to natural disasters that could impair our ability to operate. We face significant competition in a highly competitive global industry, and our ability to compete depends on high product performance, consistent quality, timely delivery, and superior customer service. Our operations expose us to potential liabilities for personal injury or death due to product failures, which could damage our reputation for quality products. We believe our customers consider safety and reliability as key criteria in selecting a provider of aircraft components. Our business strategy focuses on obtaining profitable new business, improving our cost structure, and providing highly engineered value-added products. We believe that our diversified revenue base reduces dependence on any particular product or market channel, which has been a significant factor in maintaining our financial performance. The commercial aerospace industry is impacted by the health of the global economy and geopolitical events, and our presence in both commercial aerospace and military sectors may mitigate specific industry risks. We service a diversified customer base, and fluctuations in sales in one channel have been offset by increased sales in another. Our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control, and any failure to meet our debt service obligations could harm our business and financial condition. We regularly engage in discussions regarding potential acquisitions and investments, but there can be no assurance that we will be able to consummate any future acquisition. Our future leverage will be impacted by the conditions of the credit markets, and we may need to refinance or raise additional capital to fund operations or acquisitions.