The ongoing implementation of the Dodd-Frank Act and its related rulemaking activities may result in lower revenues, higher costs, and ratings downgrades, which could adversely affect BB&T's business and profitability. The regulatory environment for financial institutions entails significant potential increases in compliance requirements and associated costs, including those related to consumer credit, with a focus on mortgage lending. BB&T's banking operations are locally oriented and community-based, and the company expects to continue to be dependent upon local business conditions as well as conditions in the local residential and commercial real estate markets it serves. Changes in national, regional, and local economic conditions and deterioration in the geographic and financial markets could lead to higher loan charge-offs and reduce BB&T's net income and growth. A systemic lack of available credit, a lack of confidence in the financial sector, volatility in the financial markets, and reduced business activity could materially adversely affect BB&T's business, financial condition, and results of operations. BB&T faces operational risks, including cybersecurity risks that could result in the disclosure of confidential information, adversely affecting its business or reputation and creating significant legal and financial exposure. The company has established a risk management framework that enables it to achieve superior performance relative to peers and ensures that BB&T is viewed among the safest of banks. BB&T's risk culture encourages transparency and open dialogue, which helps evaluate whether risks are acceptable or unacceptable while making decisions that balance quality, profitability, and growth appropriately. The company has implemented a comprehensive capital management process to ensure it maintains sufficient capital to absorb losses and maintain a highly capitalized position that instills confidence in the bank and allows continued access to deposits and other funding sources. BB&T's liquidity risk management includes maintaining a liquid asset buffer of cash on hand and highly liquid unpledged securities, with a policy that the liquid asset buffer would be a minimum of 5% of total assets. The company has established a policy that the liquid asset buffer would be a minimum of 5% of total assets, but intends to maintain the ratio well in excess of this level. BB&T's effective risk management framework establishes an environment that enables it to achieve superior performance relative to peers, ensures that BB&T is viewed among the safest of banks, and assures the operational freedom to act on opportunities. The company has established a risk management framework based on a "three lines of defense" model, which includes business units identifying, assessing, controlling, and reporting their group's risk profile compared to its approved risk limits, independent oversight and guidance from the risk management office, and internal audit services evaluating the design and effectiveness of the risk management framework. BB&T's risk management framework is designed to ensure that the potential impacts on earnings and liquidity as a result of fluctuations in interest rates are within acceptable tolerance guidelines. The company regularly conducts sensitivity analyses to determine the impact of key variables on its interest rate risk position, which allows BB&T to evaluate the likely impact on its balance sheet management strategies due to variations in key assumptions.