The risks that follow, individually or in the aggregate, are those that we think could cause our actual results to differ materially from those stated or implied in forward-looking statements. Our business model expects our merchants to react to frequently changing opportunities and trends in the market, assess the desirability and value of merchandise, and generally make determinations of how and what we source as well as when we source it. If we are unable to adjust appropriately to factors affecting inventory flow that are outside our control, such as adverse weather and natural disasters or other changes in conditions affecting our vendors and others in our supply chain, our inventory management may be affected, which could impact our performance and our relationship with our customers. Our growth strategy includes successfully expanding our off-price model within our current markets and into new geographic regions, product lines, businesses, and channels, and as appropriate, adding new businesses, whether by development, investment, or acquisition. There are significant risks associated with our ability to continue to successfully extend our current business and to enter new businesses, including managing the implementation of this growth effectively. Our substantial size imposes demands on maintaining appropriate internal resources and third-party providers to support our business effectively. These demands may increase as we grow our business, adding pressure to management and various functions across our business, including administration, merchandising, store operations, distribution, and compliance. The large size and scale of our operations increase the risk that our systems and practices will not be implemented appropriately throughout our company and that information may not be appropriately shared across our operations. If business information is not shared effectively, or if we are otherwise unable to manage our size or growth effectively, we may operate with decreased operational efficiency, which may adversely affect our success in executing our business goals and impact our sales and results. Our success depends on our ability to meet customer demand, and we work to identify customer trends and preferences on an ongoing basis. However, doing so across our diverse merchandise categories and in the many markets in which we do business is challenging. Although our business model allows us greater flexibility than many traditional retailers to meet consumer preferences and trends, we may not successfully do so, which could add difficulty in attracting new customers and retaining existing customers. We operate in highly competitive markets, and we may not be able to compete effectively. The retail apparel and home fashion business is highly competitive, and our competitiveness is highly dependent on our effective execution of our off-price model of offering our customers a fresh, rapidly changing, and attractive mix of merchandise delivering value. Our performance depends on recruiting, developing, training, and retaining quality associates in appropriate numbers, including key associates and management. We face challenges in securing and retaining sufficient talent in management and other key areas for many reasons, including competition in the retail industry generally and for talent in various geographic markets. Our ability to meet our labor needs while controlling costs is subject to various factors such as unemployment levels and prevailing wage rates. Economic conditions, both on a global level and in particular markets, may adversely affect our financial performance. Global financial markets can experience extreme volatility, disruption, and credit contraction, which adversely affect global economic conditions. We believe our flexible off-price model helps us react to these conditions; however, they may adversely affect our sales, cash flows, and results of operations. Compromises of our data security could materially harm our reputation and business. We rely extensively on various information systems, and any interruption in the operation of our websites, particularly our e-commerce sites, could cause us to suffer reputational harm or to lose sales. Our results may be adversely affected by serious disruptions or catastrophic events, such as natural disasters or public health issues, which could disrupt our operations or the operations of one or more of our vendors or supply chain.