In evaluating T-Mobile, it is important to consider the risks that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, or results of operations. Our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform itself to emerge stronger from challenging situations is critical. We rely on our systems and networks, as well as those of other providers and suppliers, to provide and support our services. The failure of our or others' systems, networks, and infrastructure may prevent us from providing reliable service, or may allow for unauthorized use or interference with our networks and other systems. Cyber-attacks, errors by third-party suppliers, and other breaches of security could disrupt our internal systems and applications, impair our ability to provide services to our customers, or protect the privacy and confidentiality of our confidential information. The methods used to obtain unauthorized access or sabotage systems are constantly changing and evolving, requiring us to continually evaluate and adapt our systems and processes. We cannot assure that our systems and processes will be adequate to safeguard against all information security breaches or misuses of data. If we are subject to significant attacks or breaches, we may incur substantial costs, suffer reputational damage, and experience negative impacts on customer confidence, all of which could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our reputation and financial condition could also be adversely affected by system failures, business disruptions, and unauthorized use of or interference with our network and other systems. We must provide our customers with reliable, trustworthy service and protect the communications, location, and personal information shared or generated by our customers. The increasing competition for wireless customers could adversely affect our operating results, as we face growing competition from providers offering services using alternative wireless technologies and IP-based networks. Our ability to compete will depend on improvements in network quality and customer services, effective marketing, and cost management, all of which involve significant expenses. We depend heavily on suppliers and other third parties for the efficient operation of our business, and disruptions with respect to such suppliers could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance. Our business could be severely disrupted if key suppliers fail to comply with their contracts or become unable to continue the supply. We are in the process of transferring our customer billing systems, and any unanticipated difficulties or significant delays could have adverse operational, financial, and reputational effects. Our ability to attract and retain wireless subscribers is crucial, and we incur capital expenditures and operating expenses to improve and enhance our products and services to remain competitive. If we fail to adapt to future changes in technology or enhance our offerings, we may experience a decline in demand for our services. Our financial performance could be impaired if we experience high fraud rates related to device financing or subscriptions. We rely on highly-skilled personnel, and our business could be harmed if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel or maintain our corporate culture. Our liquidity requirements are driven primarily by capital expenditures for spectrum licenses and the construction, expansion, and upgrading of our network infrastructure. We expect cash capital expenditures to be significant in the coming years, and we regularly review and update our projections for changes in financial and operating results, general economic conditions, and the competitive landscape.