You should read the following risk factors in conjunction with the factors discussed elsewhere in this and other of our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and in materials incorporated by reference in these filings. These risk factors are intended to highlight certain factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations and are not meant to be an exhaustive discussion of risks that apply to companies like TI with broad international operations. Our results of operations could be affected by natural events in the locations in which we or our customers or suppliers operate. We have manufacturing, data and design facilities and other operations in locations subject to natural occurrences such as health epidemics, severe weather and geological events that could disrupt operations. A natural disaster that results in a prolonged disruption to our operations, or the operations of our customers or suppliers, may adversely affect our results and financial condition. Our global operations subject us to risks associated with international political, economic or other conditions. We have facilities in 35 countries. About 85 percent of our revenue comes from shipments to locations outside the United States; in particular, shipments of products into China typically represent a large portion of our revenue. Operating internationally exposes us to political and economic conditions, security risks, health conditions and possible disruptions in transportation, communications and information technology networks of the various countries in which we operate. Any of these could result in an adverse effect on our business operations and our financial results. Our performance depends in part on our ability to enforce our intellectual property rights and to develop and license new intellectual property. Access to worldwide markets depends in part on the continued strength of our intellectual property portfolio. We face substantial competition that requires us to respond rapidly to product development and pricing pressures. We expect this competition will continue to increase from large competitors and from smaller competitors serving niche markets, and also from emerging companies, particularly in Asia, that sell products into the same markets in which we operate. The price and product development pressures that result from competition may lead to reduced profit margins and lost business opportunities in the event that we are unable to match the price declines or cost efficiencies, or meet the technological, product, support, software or manufacturing advancements of our competitors. Our ability to successfully implement business and organizational changes could affect our business plans and results of operations. From time to time, we undertake business and organizational changes, including acquisitions, divestitures and restructuring actions, to support or carry out our strategic objectives. Our failure to successfully implement these changes could adversely affect our business plans and operating results. We believe these products serve highly diverse markets with thousands of applications and have dependable long-term growth opportunities. Our business model focused on analog and embedded processing allows us to generate strong cash flow from operations. Our operating results and our reputation could be adversely affected by breaches of our information technology systems or those of our customers or suppliers. Breaches of our information technology systems or those of our customers or suppliers could be caused by computer viruses, unauthorized access, sabotage, vandalism or terrorism. These breaches could compromise our information technology networks or those of our customers or suppliers and could result in unauthorized release of our, our customers' or our suppliers' confidential or proprietary information, cause a disruption to our manufacturing and other operations, result in release of employee personal data, or cause us to incur increased information technology protection costs, any of which could adversely affect our operating results and our reputation. We believe we have the necessary financial resources and operating plans to fund our working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividend and debt-related payments, and other business requirements for at least the next 12 months.