We must manage fluctuating demand for our services and network capacity; if there is significant demand for our services that exceeds the designed capacity of our network, we may experience network difficulties, including congestion and reduced velocity, that could compromise the level of service we provide to our customers. Although we continue to improve our transportation plan, add capacity, improve operations at our yards and other facilities, and improve our ability to address surges in demand for any reason with adequate resources, we cannot be sure that these measures will fully or adequately address any service shortcomings resulting from demand exceeding our planned capacity. We may experience operational or service difficulties related to network capacity, dramatic and unplanned fluctuations in demand for rail service, or other events that could negatively impact our operational efficiency, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. We rely on technology in all aspects of our business; if we do not have sufficient capital to acquire new technology or if we are unable to develop or implement new technology, we may suffer a competitive disadvantage within the rail industry. Additionally, if a cyber attack or other event causes significant disruption or failure of one or more of our information technology systems, we could suffer a significant service interruption, safety failure, security breach, or other operational difficulties. We are subject to significant governmental regulation, and our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on us. We face competition from other railroads and other transportation providers, and any future improvements or expenditures materially increasing the quality or reducing the cost of alternative modes of transportation could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. Severe weather could result in significant business interruptions and expenditures; line outages and other interruptions caused by these conditions can adversely affect our entire rail network and can adversely affect revenue, costs, and liabilities. We will continue using a multi-faceted approach to safety, utilizing technology, risk assessment, quality control, training and employee engagement, and targeted capital investments. We will continue our efforts to increase detection of rail defects; improve or close crossings; and educate the public and law enforcement agencies about crossing safety through a combination of our own programs, industry programs, and local community activities across our network. We expect to continue to have access to liquidity through various sources or activities, including increasing the size or utilization of our receivables securitization, issuing commercial paper, entering into bank loans, or issuing bonds or other debt securities based on our assessment of the current condition of the credit markets. Our annual capital plan is a critical component of our long-term strategic plan, and we expect our plan will enhance the long-term value of the company for our shareholders by providing sufficient resources to replace and improve existing track infrastructure to provide safe and fluid operations, increase network efficiency, and make investments that meet customer demand and take advantage of opportunities for long-term growth. We are subject to various claims and lawsuits that could result in significant expenditures, and we cannot fully determine the effect of all asserted and unasserted claims on our consolidated results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. We continue to take steps and explore opportunities to reduce the impact of our operations on the environment, including investments in new technologies, using training programs to reduce fuel consumption, and changing our operations to increase fuel efficiency.