The transportation industry continues to consolidate and competition remains strong, which could adversely affect our business, financial position, and results of operations if we are unable to timely and appropriately respond to competitive pressures. Our operations are subject to complex and stringent regulation, and changes in laws, regulations, and policies may alter the landscape in which we do business, affecting our costs of operations. Severe weather conditions and other natural or manmade disasters could adversely affect our business, leading to decreased revenues or increased operational costs. We have undertaken several initiatives to improve the flexibility and capacity in our delivery network, enhance operational efficiency, and contain costs across all segments. Our broad portfolio of product offerings and the flexibilities inherent in our transportation network have helped us adapt to changing trends. We have continued to adjust our transportation network and utilize new or expanded operating facilities to improve time-in-transit for shipments in each region. Additionally, we have made significant capital investments in our business, which are tied to projected volume levels and require accurate forecasting to avoid excess or insufficient capacity. We derive a significant portion of our revenues from international operations, exposing us to changing economic, political, and social developments beyond our control. The impact of global climate change and legal, regulatory, or market responses may impose substantial costs on us, and we cannot predict the effect of future regulations on our cost structure or operating results. Our business is also affected by employee relations, as strikes, work stoppages, and slowdowns could adversely impact our ability to meet customer needs. The terms of future collective bargaining agreements may affect our competitive position and results of operations. We are exposed to the effects of changing prices of energy and interruptions in supplies of these commodities, which may significantly impact our operations. We mitigate our exposure to changing fuel prices through indexed fuel surcharges and may enter into hedging transactions. Our success depends on our ability to maintain the image of our brand and reputation for providing excellent service to our customers. Service quality issues could tarnish our brand image and may cause customers to use other companies. We rely on information technology networks and systems to manage or support various business processes and activities, and disruptions in these systems could result in significant operational impacts. We have implemented measures to enhance our data and system security, but we cannot guarantee that these measures will be effective against future breaches. The ongoing changes in our healthcare benefits and pension plans are designed to mitigate certain expenses and improve our financial position, but the effectiveness of these changes remains uncertain. Our ability to adapt to market conditions and maintain operational flexibility is critical for sustaining performance under pressure and achieving organizational resilience in a competitive landscape.