Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk, and you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below in addition to the other information included or incorporated by reference in this annual report on Form 10-K. Our business and future net product revenues depend heavily on the success of lumacaftor in combination with ivacaftor, which has not been approved by the FDA or the European Commission. If we experience material delays in obtaining marketing approval for the combination of lumacaftor and ivacaftor, our future net product revenues and cash flows will be adversely affected. We are incurring losses, and we may not become profitable in future periods. Our revenues will be dependent on continued sales of Kalydeco and our ability to obtain regulatory approval for, and successfully commercialize, lumacaftor in combination with ivacaftor. The regulations that govern pricing, coverage, and reimbursement for drugs vary widely from country to country. Adverse pricing limitations or a delay in obtaining coverage and reimbursement would decrease our future net product revenues and harm our business. We have incurred significant operating losses in each of the last three years. The successful development of our drug candidates is highly uncertain and subject to a number of risks. We closely monitor the results of our discovery, research, clinical trials, and nonclinical studies and frequently evaluate our drug development programs in light of new data and scientific, business, and commercial insights, with the objective of balancing risk and potential. The time required to complete clinical trials and to satisfy the FDA and other countries' regulatory review processes is uncertain and typically takes many years. Our analysis of data obtained from nonclinical and clinical activities is subject to confirmation and interpretation by regulatory authorities, which could delay, limit, or prevent regulatory approval. We have developed multiple manufacturing processes for co-formulated lumacaftor/ivacaftor, and any failure to validate our manufacturing process could adversely affect our ability to commercially launch lumacaftor in combination with ivacaftor. We rely on third-party manufacturers to manufacture our products and the materials we require for our clinical trials. We may not be able to maintain these relationships and could experience supply disruptions outside of our control. Our business exposes us to significant potential product liability risks that are inherent in the development, clinical testing, manufacturing, and sales and marketing of drugs and drug candidates. We maintain and rely extensively on information technology systems and network infrastructures for the effective operation of our business. A disruption, infiltration, or failure of our information technology systems could materially adversely affect our business. If we fail to attract and retain skilled employees, our business could be materially harmed. Our future success will depend in large part on our ability to retain the services of our key scientific and management personnel and to integrate new scientific and management personnel into our business. We are subject to health care fraud and abuse laws, and if we are found not to be in full compliance with these laws, our business could be materially harmed. Our marketing of pharmaceutical products is subject to extensive and complex laws and regulations. We expect to continue to devote substantial resources to maintain, administer, and expand these compliance programs globally. We have entered into certain research and development collaboration agreements with third parties that include the funding of certain development, manufacturing, and commercialization efforts with the potential for future milestone and royalty payments. Our ability to execute on our long-term strategy depends in part on our ability to acquire rights to additional drugs, drug candidates, and other technologies that have the potential to add to our pipeline or provide us with new commercial opportunities.