The following discussion of risk factors identifies the most significant factors that may adversely affect our business, operations, financial condition or future performance. Adverse conditions in the U.S. and international economies could impact our results of operations. In difficult economic conditions, consumers may seek to reduce discretionary spending, which could negatively affect the affordability of and demand for some of our products and services. Our ability to compete effectively will depend on how successfully we anticipate and respond to various factors affecting our industry, including new technologies and business models, changes in consumer preferences and demand for existing services, demographic trends and economic conditions. If we are not able to adapt to changes in technology and address changing consumer demand on a timely basis, we may experience a decline in the demand for our services. Our industry is experiencing rapid change as new technologies are developed that offer consumers an array of choices for their communications needs. In order to grow and remain competitive, we will need to adapt to future changes in technology, enhance our existing offerings and introduce new offerings to address our customers' changing demands. Cyber attacks impacting our networks or systems could have an adverse effect on our business. Cyber attacks may cause equipment failures, loss of information, and disruptions to our or our customers' operations. Our business operations are subject to interruption by natural disasters, power outages, terrorist attacks, and other events beyond our control. Such events could cause significant damage to our infrastructure, resulting in degradation or disruption of service to our customers. While we maintain insurance coverage for some of these events, the potential liabilities associated with these events could exceed the insurance coverage we maintain. Our system redundancy may be ineffective or inadequate, and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. A natural disaster or other event causing significant physical damage could cause us to experience substantial losses resulting in significant recovery time and expenditures to resume operations. We depend on key suppliers and vendors to provide equipment that we need to operate our business. If these suppliers or vendors fail to provide equipment or service on a timely basis or fail to meet our performance expectations, we may be unable to provide products and services as and when requested by our customers. Our inability to operate our wireline or wireless networks as a result of cyber attacks, even for a limited period of time, may result in significant expenses and/or loss of market share to other communications providers. The potential costs associated with these attacks could exceed the insurance coverage we maintain. Adverse changes in the credit markets could increase our borrowing costs and the availability of financing. We require a significant amount of capital to operate and grow our business. Our costs of maintaining benefit plans have a significant impact on our profitability. A significant portion of our workforce is represented by labor unions, and we could incur additional costs or experience work stoppages as a result of the renegotiation of our labor contracts. We are subject to a substantial amount of litigation, which could require us to pay significant damages or settlements. The further regulation of broadband, wireless, and our other activities could restrict our ability to compete in the marketplace and limit the return we can expect to achieve on past and future investments in our networks.