We are exposed to various operational risks with respect to our seniors housing operating properties that may increase our costs or adversely affect our ability to generate revenues. Our proactive and comprehensive asset management process for seniors housing properties generally includes review of monthly financial statements and other operating data for each property, review of obligor/partner creditworthiness, property inspections, and review of covenant compliance relating to licensure, real estate taxes, letters of credit and other collateral. Our internal property management division actively manages and monitors the medical office building portfolio with a comprehensive process including review of, among other things, tenant relations, lease expirations, the mix of health service providers, hospital/health system relationships, property performance, capital improvement needs, and market conditions. We monitor our investments through a variety of methods determined by the type of property. When we identify unacceptable trends, we seek to mitigate, eliminate or transfer the risk. Through these efforts, we are generally able to intervene at an early stage to address any negative trends, and in so doing, support both the collectability of revenue and the value of our investment. Our ability to acquire our partner's interest may be limited if we do not have sufficient cash, available borrowing capacity or other capital resources. We may be required to fund certain expenses to preserve the value of an investment property, avoid the imposition of liens on a property and/or transition a property to a new tenant. Our operators' revenues are primarily driven by occupancy, private pay rates, and Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement, if applicable. Any decrease in revenues and/or any increase in operating expenses could affect our operators' ability to make payments to us. We cannot be certain that the operators of all of our facilities will be able to achieve and maintain occupancy and rate levels that will enable them to meet all of their obligations to us. Our investments in joint ventures could be adversely affected by our lack of exclusive control over these investments, our partners' insolvency or failure to meet their obligations and disputes between us and our partners. We are exposed to the risk that some of our acquisitions may not prove to be successful. We could encounter unanticipated difficulties and expenditures relating to any acquired properties, including contingent liabilities, and acquired properties might require significant management attention that would otherwise be devoted to our ongoing business. Our ability to quickly and efficiently integrate new acquisitions could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Our ability to manage our rapid growth could distract our management or increase our expenses. We have experienced rapid growth and development in a relatively short period of time and expect to continue this rapid growth in the future. Our growth could also increase our capital requirements, which may require us to issue potentially dilutive equity securities and incur additional debt. We cannot predict the impact that broad-based, far-reaching legislative or regulatory changes could have on the U.S. economy, our business or that of our operators and tenants. The dynamic nature of the legislative and regulatory environment for health care products and services, and in light of existing federal deficit and budgetary concerns, may affect our operators' or tenants' ability to meet their obligations to us. Our operators' or tenants' failure to comply with federal, state, local, and industry-regulated licensure, certification and inspection laws, regulations, and standards could adversely affect such operators' or tenants' operations, which could adversely affect our operators' and tenants' ability to meet their obligations to us.