In an effort to keep our stockholders and the public informed about our business, we may make forward-looking statements that include projections about accounting and finances, plans and objectives for the future, and our opinions about the effects of current or future events. The waste industry is highly competitive, and if we cannot successfully compete in the marketplace, our business, financial condition, and operating results may be materially adversely affected. Our future financial performance and success are dependent in large part upon our ability to implement our business strategy successfully, which requires effective management of our operational, financial, and human resources. There are risks involved in pursuing our strategy, including the possibility that our employees, customers, or investors may not embrace and support our strategy. We may not be able to hire or retain the personnel necessary to manage our strategy effectively. Additionally, our restructuring may not achieve and/or maintain the goals and cost savings intended. Strategic decisions regarding our asset portfolio may result in impairments to our assets. The implementation of our business strategy could also be affected by factors beyond our control, such as increased competition, legal developments, government regulation, and changes in industry trends. We expect heightened governmental focus on regulation and enforcement to continue, which may restrict our operations and adversely affect our financial condition. Our ability to make strategic acquisitions depends on our ability to identify desirable acquisition targets and negotiate advantageous transactions despite competition for such opportunities. We continue to seek to divest underperforming and non-strategic assets if we cannot improve their profitability. We may not be able to successfully negotiate the divestiture of underperforming and non-strategic operations, which could result in asset impairments or the continued operation of low-margin businesses. Compliance with existing or future regulations may restrict or change our operations, increase our operating costs, or require us to make additional capital expenditures. Our operations are subject to environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations, and we could incur significant environmental liabilities if our operations cause environmental damage. We generally seek to work with authorities to resolve any issues raised, but if we are not successful, the adverse outcome could result in material increases in our costs or liabilities. Our business is directly affected by changes in national and general economic factors, including consumer confidence and access to capital markets. A weak economy generally results in decreased consumer spending and decreases in volumes of waste generated, which decreases our revenues. Our ability to meet our financial and operating objectives depends on our ability to obtain and maintain the permits necessary to operate landfill sites. Permits to build, operate, and expand solid waste management facilities have become more difficult and expensive to obtain and maintain. We are expanding our compressed natural gas truck fleet, which makes us increasingly dependent on the availability of CNG and CNG fueling infrastructure. We may experience problems with the operation of our current information technology systems or the technology systems of third parties on which we rely, which could adversely affect our operations. A cybersecurity incident could negatively impact our business and our relationships with customers. Our operations are subject to significant operational and safety risks, including the risk of personal injury to employees and others. We seek to minimize our exposure to such risks through comprehensive training and compliance programs. Our financial position may adversely affect the cost of our current financial assurance instruments, and changes in regulations may impose stricter requirements on the types of financial assurance that will be accepted.