We may not be able to replace, extend, or add additional customer contracts or contracted volumes on favorable terms, or at all, which could affect our financial condition, the amount of cash available to pay dividends, and our ability to grow. Our ability to replace, extend, or add additional customer or supplier contracts, or increase contracted volumes of natural gas from current producers, on favorable terms, or at all, is subject to a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control, including the level of existing and new competition in our businesses or from alternative fuel sources, such as electricity, coal, fuel oils, or nuclear energy. Institutional knowledge residing with current employees nearing retirement eligibility or with our former employees might not be adequately preserved. We expect that a significant percentage of employees will become eligible for retirement over the next several years. In certain areas of our business, institutional knowledge resides with employees who have many years of service. As these employees reach retirement age or their services are no longer available to us, we may not be able to replace them with employees of comparable knowledge and experience. Our operations are subject to operational hazards and unforeseen interruptions. There are operational risks associated with the gathering, transporting, storage, processing and treating of natural gas, the fractionation, transportation and storage of ngls, the processing of olefins, and crude oil transportation and production handling. Any of these risks could result in loss of human life, personal injuries, significant damage to property, environmental pollution, impairment of our operations, loss of services to our customers, reputational damage and substantial losses to us. Our business could be negatively impacted by security threats, including cybersecurity threats, and related disruptions. We rely on our information technology infrastructure to process, transmit and store electronic information, including information we use to safely operate our assets. We could face unlawful attempts to gain access to our information technology infrastructure, including coordinated attacks from hackers, whether state-sponsored groups, "hacktivists," or private individuals. Breaches in our information technology infrastructure or physical facilities, or other disruptions including those arising from theft, vandalism, fraud or unethical conduct, could result in damage to our assets, unnecessary waste, safety incidents, damage to the environment, reputational damage, potential liability or the loss of contracts, and have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial position and results of operations. Given the uncertainties and risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement, we caution investors not to unduly rely on our forward-looking statements. Our ability to recover expected insurance proceeds related to the geismar plant; costs of, changes in, or the results of laws, government regulations (including safety and environmental regulations), environmental liabilities, litigation, and rate proceedings; and changes in maintenance and construction costs could adversely affect our operations. We may not be able to grow or effectively manage our growth. Our growth may also be dependent upon the construction of new natural gas gathering, transportation, compression, processing or treating pipelines and facilities, ngl transportation, fractionation or storage facilities or olefins processing facilities, as well as the expansion of existing facilities. We continue to address these risks through disciplined investment strategies, sufficient liquidity from cash and cash equivalents and available capacity under our credit facilities. We believe we have, or have access to, the financial resources and liquidity necessary to meet our requirements for working capital, capital and investment expenditures, dividends and distributions, debt service payments, and tax payments, while maintaining a sufficient level of liquidity.