The risks described could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. Our business operations could also be affected by additional factors that apply to all companies operating in the U.S. and globally. General or macro-economic factors, both domestically and internationally, may materially adversely affect our financial performance. Higher interest rates, higher fuel and other energy costs, and overall economic slowdown could adversely affect consumer demand for the products and services we sell. We may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer trends or preferences, which could negatively affect our relationship with our customers and our market share. The success of our business depends in part on how accurately we predict consumer demand and the competitive environment. Our ability to attract and retain qualified associates is critical, as our financial performance may be adversely affected if we are unable to meet our labor needs. The retail business is highly competitive, and our ability to respond effectively to competitive pressures and changes in the retail markets could materially adversely affect our financial performance. We face strong competition from other retailers and wholesale club operators, which could materially adversely affect our financial performance. Our operations in countries other than the U.S. are conducted primarily in local currencies, and fluctuations in currency exchange rates may adversely affect our financial performance. Disruptions in our primary and secondary information systems could harm our ability to run our business. If our information systems and our back-up systems are damaged or cease to function properly, we may suffer interruptions in our operations. Our ability to execute our retail concepts successfully in new markets depends on our ability to locate, hire, and retain qualified personnel. Impediments to the expansion of our Walmart international operations could adversely affect our financial performance. We may be unable to continue to identify suitable acquisition candidates at acceptable prices, and our failure to integrate effectively future acquisitions could adversely affect our financial performance. Concerns regarding the safety of food and non-food products that we source could cause customers to avoid purchasing certain products from us. The occurrence of natural disasters, changes in climate, and geopolitical events could adversely affect our operations and financial performance. Such events could result in physical damage to our properties, the closure of stores, and disruption in the supply of products. Significant losses caused by such events could materially adversely affect our financial performance. We are involved in a number of legal proceedings that may materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. We could be exposed to a variety of negative consequences as a result of ongoing investigations and lawsuits, which may require significant management resources to address. Our ability to maintain our operations and financial performance under challenging conditions is contingent upon our capacity to adapt and respond to these multifaceted risks.