In addition to the other information in this annual report, any of the factors described could materially adversely affect our operating results, financial condition, and liquidity, which could cause the trading price of our securities to decline. Forward-looking statements reflect our current views with respect to future events and performance. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, and are potentially inaccurate assumptions. The overall economic environment, including macroeconomic, business, and financial disruptions, could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition, and liquidity. Certain of our customers and suppliers could be affected directly by an economic downturn, which could decrease the demand for our products or hinder our ability to collect amounts due from customers. We cannot predict whether antibacterials resistance concerns will result in additional restrictions or bans, expanded regulations, or public pressure to discontinue or reduce the use of antibacterials in food-producing animals, which could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. Our business may be negatively affected by weather conditions and the availability of natural resources. The animal health industry and demand for many of our animal health products are affected by weather conditions, as usage of our products follows varying weather patterns and weather-related pressures from pests. Adverse weather conditions or a shortage of fresh water could impact livestock producers' ability to operate, which may lead to reduced spending on our products. Sales of our livestock products could be materially adversely affected by the outbreak of disease carried by animals. Outbreaks of disease may reduce regional or global sales of particular animal-derived food products or result in reduced exports of such products, which may reduce demand for our products. We are committed to supporting pork producers in understanding and controlling disease outbreaks and are partnering with key stakeholders to address these challenges. Our future success depends on both our existing product portfolio and our pipeline of new products, including new products that we may develop through joint ventures and products that we are able to obtain through licensing or acquisition. We believe we are an industry leader in animal health research and development, with a track record of generating new products and product lifecycle developments. Our management team's focus on improving operational and cost efficiencies increases the likelihood of achieving our core growth strategies and enhancing long-term value for our shareholders. We seek to enhance the health of animals and to bring solutions to our customers who raise and care for them. We have a global presence in both developed and emerging markets and intend to grow our business by pursuing core strategies that leverage our direct local presence and strong customer relationships, further penetrate emerging markets, and pursue new product research and development. The animal health industry is characterized by meaningful differences in customer needs across different regions, and we manage our operations through geographic operating segments to capitalize on local and regional trends and customer needs. We believe our investments in the industry's largest sales organization, including our extensive network of technical and veterinary operations specialists, have led to enduring and valued relationships with our customers. Our operational flexibility and adaptability to changing market conditions are essential for maintaining our competitive advantage and ensuring organizational resilience in the face of external pressures and disruptions.