The registrant notes that it “operates in an environment characterized by both increasing complexity in global security and continuing economic pressures in the U.S. and globally,” and that “a significant component of our strategy in this environment is to focus on program execution, improving the quality and predictability of the delivery of our products and services and placing security capability quickly into the hands of our U.S. and international customers at affordable prices,” reflecting an emphasis on maintaining performance under challenging conditions. It explains that “recognizing that our customers are resource constrained, we are endeavoring to develop and extend our portfolio domestically in a disciplined manner with a focus on adjacent markets close to our core capabilities, as well as growing our international sales,” and that “we continue to focus on affordability initiatives.” The company further states that “we expect to continue to invest in technologies to fulfill new mission requirements for our customers and invest in our people so that we have the technical skills necessary to succeed without limiting our ability to return substantially all of our free cash flow to our investors in the form of dividends and share repurchases,” indicating strategic resource allocation and capability building. Under portfolio‐shaping activities, it describes efforts to “strengthen our portfolio of products and services to meet the current and future needs of our customers” through “independent research and development activities and through acquisition, divestiture and internal realignment activities,” illustrating adaptive reconfiguration of its business. Management also describes how it “identifies and monitors risks to the achievement of the technical, schedule and cost aspects of the contract and assesses the effects of those risks on our estimates of total costs to complete the contract,” with risk retirements and profit‐booking‐rate adjustments recognized as those conditions improve or deteriorate. The company discloses that it “may determine to fund customer programs ourselves pending government appropriations and are doing so with increased frequency” and acknowledges that “if we incur costs in excess of funds obligated on the contract, we may be at risk for reimbursement of the excess costs,” evidencing contingency planning. In addressing U.S. government funding constraints, the registrant states that “in the event of a full year continuing resolution, we would anticipate some level of impact against our 2017 orders and associated backlog level, but minimal impact to sales, earnings and cash flows in 2017 as a large portion of our backlog work is already funded from prior fiscal years,” demonstrating resilience in backlog management. The liquidity discussion highlights “a balanced cash deployment strategy to enhance stockholder value and position ourselves to take advantage of new business opportunities,” combining continued investment in our business with returning cash to stockholders, and affirms “we expect our cash from operations will continue to be sufficient to support our operations and anticipated capital expenditures,” while maintaining “access to credit markets” to manage the timing of cash flows. The registrant also reports that it “continually evaluates the recoverability of our environmental receivables by assessing … regulations, our U.S. government business base and contract mix, our history of receiving reimbursement of such costs, and recent efforts by some U.S. government representatives to limit such reimbursement” and recognizes environmental liabilities accordingly, illustrating systematic risk assessment and recovery mechanisms. Finally, in its pension section it describes freezes in plan benefits, phased resumption of funding, and notes that “pension contributions to our heritage plans are expected to resume with contributions projected of about $1.5 billion to $2.0 billion in 2018” and “we anticipate recovering almost $2.3 billion of CAS pension cost in 2017,” reflecting strategic foresight, resource planning and adaptation under evolving regulatory constraints.