This report and other documents we file with the SEC contain forward-looking statements that are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts, and projections about us, our future performance, our business, our beliefs, and our management's assumptions. Our business is subject to risks that affect many other companies, such as employment relations, general economic conditions, geopolitical events, and international operations. We face risks relating to the reporting of pricing data that affects the reimbursement of and discounts provided for our products to U.S. government healthcare programs. Legislative or regulatory changes that decrease the coverage or reimbursement available for our products could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We operate in a highly competitive environment, and our products face substantial competition. The consolidation in the health insurance industry has resulted in a few large insurers exerting greater pressure in pricing and usage negotiations with drug manufacturers. We expect that our products will compete with new drugs currently in development and drugs currently approved for other indications. Our business is subject to extensive regulation by numerous state and federal governmental authorities in the United States, including the FDA, and by foreign regulatory authorities. Obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval has been increasingly difficult, time-consuming, and costly. We are required to continuously collect and assess adverse events reported to us and to communicate these adverse events and safety signals regarding our products to regulatory agencies. Our ability to adequately and timely manufacture and supply our products and product candidates is dependent on the uninterrupted and efficient operation of our facilities and those of our third-party contract manufacturers. If we fail to adequately manage the design, execution, and diverse regulatory aspects of our large and complex clinical trials, corresponding regulatory approvals may be delayed, or we may fail to gain approval for our product candidates. We rely on independent third-party clinical investigators to recruit subjects and conduct clinical trials on our behalf. Our operations and performance have been, and may continue to be, affected by global economic conditions. Financial pressures may cause government or other third-party payers to more aggressively seek cost containment measures. We believe such conditions have led and could continue to lead to reduced demand for our products. We maintain a significant portfolio of investments disclosed as cash equivalents and marketable securities on our consolidated balance sheet. The value of our investments may be adversely affected by interest rate fluctuations, downgrades in credit ratings, illiquidity in the capital markets, and other factors that may result in other than temporary declines in the value of our investments. Our stock price is volatile, and our revenues and operating results may fluctuate from period to period for various reasons. We are committed to unlocking the potential of biology for patients suffering from serious illnesses by discovering, developing, manufacturing, and delivering innovative human therapeutics. Our transformation and process improvement efforts across the company have enabled us to reallocate resources to fund many of our innovative pipeline and growth opportunities. We continue to focus on collaborating with innovators and value-creating business development activities to expand our approach to deliver significant impact for patients and advance programs where there remains high unmet medical need. Our business will continue to face various challenges, including increasing competitive pressure and pricing pressures from third-party payers.