The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also impair our business, results of operations or financial condition. Disruptions in the travel industry could adversely affect our business and financial performance. The uncertainty of macro-economic factors and their impact on consumer behavior, which may differ across regions, makes it more difficult to forecast industry and consumer trends and the timing and degree of their impact on our markets and business, which in turn could adversely affect our ability to effectively manage our business and adversely affect our results of operations. Other unforeseen events beyond our control, such as oil prices, terrorist attacks, unusual or extreme weather or natural disasters, travel-related health concerns including pandemics and epidemics, political instability, regional hostilities, and travel-related accidents, can disrupt travel or otherwise result in declines in travel demand. These events or concerns are largely unpredictable, and they can dramatically and suddenly affect travel behavior by consumers, and therefore demand for our services, which can adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our business and operations were negatively impacted by the terror attacks in Paris in November 2015; Hurricane Sandy, which disrupted travel in the northeastern United States in late 2012; a major earthquake, tsunami and nuclear emergency in Japan in 2011; severe flooding in Thailand in October 2011; and disruptive civil unrest in Thailand in 2010 and 2014. Future terrorist attacks, natural disasters, health concerns, or civil or political unrest could further disrupt our business and operations and adversely affect our results of operations. The uncertainty of macro-economic factors, the volatility in foreign exchange rates, and their impact on consumer behavior makes it more difficult to forecast industry and consumer trends and the timing and degree of their impact on our markets and business. Our strategy involves continued international expansion in regions throughout the world, which have different economic conditions, customs, languages, currencies, consumer expectations, levels of consumer acceptance and use of the internet for commerce, legislation, regulatory environments, tax laws, and levels of political stability. We may not be able to hire, train, retain, motivate, and manage required personnel, which may limit our growth, damage our reputation, negatively affect our financial performance, and otherwise harm our business. We believe that maintaining and expanding our brands are important aspects of our efforts to attract and retain customers. Effective online advertising has been an important factor in our growth, and we believe it will continue to be important to our future success. Our current and planned personnel, systems, procedures, and controls may not be adequate to support and effectively manage this growth and our future operations, especially as we employ personnel in multiple geographic locations around the world. We have taken and continue to take steps to increase the reliability and redundancy of our systems. These steps are expensive, may reduce our margins, and may not be successful in reducing the frequency or duration of unscheduled downtime. We may not be able to maintain our "innovation box tax" benefit, which could substantially increase our effective tax rate and adversely impact our results of operations. The loss of the innovation box tax benefit, whether due to a change in tax law or a determination by the Dutch government that our activities are not "innovative," could have a material adverse effect on our business.