The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. Other events that we do not currently anticipate or that we currently deem immaterial also may affect our results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. Our services involve the storage and transmission of customers' proprietary information, and security breaches could expose us to a risk of loss of this information, litigation, and possible liability. While we have security measures in place, they may be breached as a result of third-party action, including intentional misconduct by computer hackers, employee error, malfeasance, or otherwise, and result in someone obtaining unauthorized access to our IT data, our customers' data, or our data, including our intellectual property and other confidential business information. We have from time to time experienced interruptions in our services, and such interruptions may occur in the future. Interruptions in our services may reduce our revenue, cause us to issue credits or pay penalties, cause customers to terminate their subscriptions, and adversely affect our attrition rates and our ability to attract new customers, all of which would reduce our revenue. Our business would also be harmed if our customers and potential customers believe our services are unreliable. As part of our current disaster recovery and business continuity arrangements, our production environment and all of our customers' data are currently replicated in near real-time in a separate facility located elsewhere. Despite precautions taken at these facilities, the occurrence of a natural disaster or an act of terrorism could result in lengthy interruptions in our services. Even with disaster recovery and business continuity arrangements, our services could be interrupted. We do not control the operation of any of these facilities, and they may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, floods, fires, power loss, telecommunications failures, and similar events. The costs of compliance with and other burdens imposed by laws, regulations, and standards may limit the use and adoption of our services, reduce overall demand for our services, lead to significant fines, penalties, or liabilities for noncompliance, or slow the pace at which we close sales transactions, any of which could harm our business. We have from time to time found defects in, and experienced disruptions to, our services, and new defects or disruptions may occur in the future. Our success depends in part upon the ability of our senior management to manage our projected growth effectively. To do so, we must continue to increase the productivity of our existing employees and to hire, train, and manage new employees as needed. Our ability to meet our expenses and debt obligations will depend on our future performance, which will be affected by financial, business, economic, regulatory, and other factors. We regularly upgrade or replace our various software systems. If the implementations of these new applications are delayed, or if we encounter unforeseen problems with our new systems or in migrating away from our existing applications and systems, our operations and our ability to manage our business could be negatively impacted. Our continued success depends on our ability to maintain and enhance our brands. We believe that the brand identities we have developed have significantly contributed to the success of our business. Maintaining and enhancing the salesforce brand and our other brands are critical to expanding our base of customers, partners, and employees. Our brand strength will depend largely on our ability to remain a technology leader and continue to provide high-quality innovative products, services, and features. We may not be successful in attracting and retaining qualified personnel, which could severely harm our business and future growth prospects.