We face a variety of risks that are substantial and inherent in our businesses, including market, liquidity, credit, operational, legal, regulatory, and reputational risks. Our businesses have been and may continue to be adversely affected by conditions in the global financial markets and economic conditions generally. Unfavorable or uncertain economic and market conditions can be caused by concerns about sovereign defaults, uncertainty in U.S. federal fiscal or monetary policy, declines in economic growth, business activity, or investor confidence, and extreme weather events or other natural disasters. Our financial performance is highly dependent on the environment in which our businesses operate. We seek to maintain a liquid balance sheet and have processes in place to dynamically manage our assets and liabilities, which include quarterly planning, business-specific limits, monitoring of key metrics, and scenario analyses. We have established a contingency funding plan that provides a framework for analyzing and responding to a liquidity crisis situation or periods of market stress. Our liquidity risk management policies are designed to ensure we have a sufficient amount of financing, even when funding markets experience persistent stress. We manage the maturities and diversity of our funding across markets, products, and counterparties, and seek to maintain a long-dated and diversified funding profile. Our liquidity position is strengthened by maintaining a significant amount of global core liquid assets, which are unencumbered, highly liquid securities and cash. We employ a variety of risk measures to monitor market risk, including value-at-risk (VaR) and stress testing, to assess our exposure to potential losses under various market conditions. Our operational risk management framework is designed to minimize exposure to operational risk through training, supervision, and the development of our people. We monitor compliance with established credit exposure limits and assess the likelihood that a counterparty will default on its payment obligations. We have a comprehensive data collection process for operational risk events, and we regularly assess our policies and procedures to ensure effective management of operational risks. Our risk management governance starts with our board, which plays an important role in reviewing and approving risk management policies and practices. The firmwide risk committee is responsible for ongoing monitoring and management of our financial risks, including market, credit, and operational risks. We conduct stress tests on a regular basis to estimate the potential impact of severe market or economic events on our credit and market exposures. Our approach to managing credit risk includes the use of credit limits at various levels to control the size of our credit exposures, and we employ risk mitigants such as collateral and hedging. We also assess our operational risk exposure over a twelve-month time horizon using both statistical modeling and scenario analyses. Our comprehensive capital management policy provides a framework for maintaining the appropriate level and composition of capital in both business-as-usual and stressed conditions. We regularly evaluate our credit exposure to specific countries and industries that have heightened focus due to recent events and broad market concerns.