Investing in our securities involves risk, and our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be adversely affected by difficult market conditions, including external pressures such as economic uncertainty and changes in laws. We attempt to mitigate known risks, but we can provide no assurance that our mitigation efforts will be successful. Our business and the businesses of the companies in which we invest are materially affected by conditions in the financial markets, which can lead to operational flexibility challenges and affect our ability to raise or deploy capital. The unprecedented turmoil in the global financial markets during 2008 and 2009 provoked significant volatility and had a material adverse effect on our businesses. We may not be able to manage our exposure to these conditions effectively, and adverse conditions may increase the risk of default with respect to our investments. During periods of difficult market or economic conditions, companies in which we have invested may experience decreased revenues and financial losses, which could materially affect our operating results and cash flow. Our profitability may also be adversely affected by fixed costs and the possibility that we would be unable to scale back other costs within a time frame sufficient to match decreases in net income. Unfavorable market conditions may reduce opportunities for our funds to make and realize value from their investments, impacting our ability to raise new funds. Our inability to raise additional or successor funds could have a material adverse impact on our business. The evolving preferences of our fund investors may necessitate that alternatives to the traditional investment fund structure become a larger part of our business, which could increase our cost of raising capital. We strive to maintain a work environment that reinforces our culture of collaboration, motivation, and alignment of interests with fund investors. If we do not continue to develop and implement the right processes and tools to manage our changing enterprise, our ability to compete successfully and achieve our business objectives could be impaired. We rely heavily on our financial, accounting, and other data processing systems, and any failure of these systems could disrupt our businesses and limit our growth. Our operations depend on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential information, and we face various security threats, including cyber security threats that could jeopardize our operations. Our organizational documents do not limit our ability to enter into new lines of business, and we may expand into new investment strategies and geographic markets, which may result in additional risks and uncertainties. We have made significant expenditures to develop new strategies and products, but there is no assurance that they will achieve a satisfactory level of scale and profitability. Our growth strategy is based, in part, on the expansion of our platform through selective investment in and development or acquisition of businesses and investment strategies complementary to our business. The expansion into new products and geographies has demanded greater management attention and dedication of resources to manage the increasing complexity of operations and regulatory compliance. We may not be successful in executing upon or managing the complexities of new investment strategies, markets, and businesses, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Our ability to generate returns on our balance sheet and make cash available for distribution to our unitholders would be reduced to the extent that changes in market conditions cause the cost of our financing to increase relative to the income that can be derived from the assets acquired and financed.