We have developed a risk management process using periodic surveys, external research, planning processes, risk mapping, analytics, and other tools to identify and evaluate the operational, financial, environmental, reputational, strategic, and other risks that could adversely affect our business. Our success is dependent on our ability to identify and respond to the economic, social, style, and other trends that affect demographic and consumer preferences in a variety of our merchandise categories and service offerings. Failure to identify such trends and adapt our business concept successfully could negatively affect our relationship with our customers, the demand for the home improvement products and services we sell, and the rate of growth of our business. We may not be able to realize the benefits of our strategic initiatives focused on omni-channel sales and marketing presence if we fail to deliver the capabilities required to execute on them. Our customer-facing technology systems must appeal to our customers, function as designed, and provide a consistent customer experience. The success of our strategic initiatives will require us to deliver large, complex programs requiring more integrated planning, initiative prioritization, and program sequencing. Our ability to meet our labor needs while controlling our costs is subject to various external factors, including wage rates, the availability of and competition for talent, and changing demographics. Positively managing our public image and reputation is critical to our business success, and any negative incident can erode trust and confidence quickly. We must continue to manage, preserve, and grow our public image and reputation. Strategic transactions involve risks, and we may not realize the expected benefits due to numerous uncertainties, including our ability to integrate personnel and systems successfully. Effective internal controls are necessary to provide reliable and accurate financial reports, and the integration of businesses may create complexity in our financial systems and internal controls. Our business and results of operations could be adversely affected if we fail to provide a consistent experience for our customers, if our technology systems do not meet our customers' expectations, or if we are unable to counteract new developments and innovations implemented by our competitors. We rely on third parties to provide payment processing services, and it could disrupt our business if these companies become unwilling or unable to provide these services to us. If our fulfillment network does not operate properly or if a vendor fails to deliver on its commitments, we will experience delays in inventory and increased delivery costs. Our ability to effectively manage our third-party installers is critical, as our failure to do so could result in increased operational and legal risks. Operating internationally presents unique challenges, including the need to adapt our store operations and marketing functions to serve customers in different regions. We must comply with various laws and regulations that differ substantially in each area where we operate, and changes in these laws could adversely affect our business. Our financial performance could suffer if we fail to properly improve and maintain our critical information systems or if those systems are seriously disrupted. We must invest in, maintain, and make ongoing improvements to our existing management information systems that support operations. Our liquidity and access to capital rely on efficient capital markets and are dependent on our credit strength. Disruption in the financial markets or an erosion of our credit strength could negatively affect our ability to meet capital requirements.