If our efforts to attract and retain members are not successful, our business will be adversely affected. We must continually add new memberships both to replace canceled memberships and to grow our business beyond our current membership base. If we are unable to successfully compete with current and new competitors in both retaining our existing memberships and attracting new memberships, our business will be adversely affected. The long-term and fixed cost nature of our content commitments may limit our operating flexibility and could adversely affect our liquidity and results of operations. Given the multiple-year duration and largely fixed cost nature of content commitments, if membership acquisition and retention do not meet our expectations, our margins may be adversely impacted. We are expanding our operations internationally, scaling our streaming service to effectively and reliably handle anticipated growth in both members and features related to our service, ramping up our ability to produce original content, as well as continuing to operate our DVD service within the U.S. As we expand internationally, we are managing and adjusting our business to address varied content offerings, consumer customs and practices, as well as differing legal and regulatory environments. If we are not able to manage the growing complexity of our business, including improving, refining or revising our systems and operational practices related to our streaming operations and original content, our business may be adversely affected. Our ability to provide our members with content they can watch depends on studios, content providers and other rights holders licensing rights to distribute such content. If the studios, content providers and other rights holders are not or are no longer willing or able to license us content upon terms acceptable to us, our ability to stream content to our members will be adversely affected. We could be subject to economic, political, regulatory and other risks arising from our international operations. Our failure to manage any of these risks successfully could harm our international operations and our overall business. If we fail to maintain or, in new markets establish, a positive reputation with consumers concerning our service, including the content we offer, we may not be able to attract or retain members, and our operating results may be adversely affected. We believe that a positive reputation with consumers concerning our service is important in attracting and retaining members who have a number of choices from which to obtain entertainment video. If we are unable to maintain or replace our sources of members with similarly effective sources, or if the cost of our existing sources increases, our member levels and marketing expenses may be adversely affected. We face risks, such as unforeseen costs and potential liability in connection with content we acquire, produce, license and/or distribute through our service. Our ability to attract, retain and serve our members is dependent upon the reliable performance and security of our computer systems and those of third parties that we utilize in our operations. Any significant disruption in or unauthorized access to our computer systems or those of third parties that we utilize in our operations could result in a loss or degradation of service, unauthorized disclosure of data, including member and corporate information, or theft of intellectual property, including digital content assets, which could adversely impact our business. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain and serve our members is dependent upon the reliable performance and security of our computer systems and those of third parties that we utilize in our operations. We have implemented certain systems and processes to thwart hackers and protect our data and systems. Any significant disruption to our service or access to our systems could result in a loss of memberships and adversely affect our business and results of operation.