We operate in rapidly changing economic and technological environments that present numerous risks, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. Economic, political, and market conditions can adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition, including our revenue growth and profitability. Our business is influenced by a range of factors that are beyond our control, including general economic and business conditions, overall demand for enterprise software, governmental budgetary constraints, and political developments. Macroeconomic developments like the continued slow pace of economic recovery could negatively affect our business, operating results, financial condition, and outlook. Political unrest and potential public health crises continue to contribute to a climate of economic and political uncertainty that could adversely affect our results of operations. We may experience foreign currency gains and losses, and changes in currency exchange rates can adversely affect customer demand and our revenue and profitability. We have a program that utilizes foreign currency forward contracts designed to offset the risks associated with certain foreign currency exposures, and we may suspend the program from time to time. Our revenues and operating results are adversely affected when the dollar strengthens relative to other currencies. We may fail to achieve our financial forecasts due to inaccurate sales forecasts or other factors, and our revenues, particularly our new software licenses revenues, are difficult to forecast. A slowdown in IT spending or economic conditions can unexpectedly reduce the conversion rate in particular periods. Our success depends upon our ability to develop new products and services, integrate acquired products and services, and enhance our existing products and services. Rapid technological advances and evolving standards in computer hardware and software development characterize the industries in which we compete. If we are unable to develop new or sufficiently differentiated products and services, enhance and improve our products and support services in a timely manner, or position and price our products and services to meet demand, customers may not purchase or subscribe to our offerings. Our cloud offerings are designed to be rapidly deployable to enable customers shorter time to innovation and easily maintainable to reduce integration and testing work. Our selective and active acquisition program is an important element of our corporate strategy, and we expect to continue to acquire companies, products, services, and technologies to further our corporate strategy. We monitor our operations and investigate allegations of improprieties relating to transactions and the way in which such transactions are recorded. We are also subject to a variety of other risks and challenges in managing an organization operating in various countries, including general economic conditions, fluctuations in currency exchange rates, regulatory changes, political unrest, and natural disasters. Our hardware systems business may adversely affect our overall profitability if we do not effectively manage the associated risks. We may not achieve our estimated revenue, profit, or other financial projections with respect to our hardware systems business. Our hardware systems support offerings provide customers with software updates for software components that are essential to the functionality of our hardware products. Our services business consists of consulting, advanced customer support services, and education services. We continue to evolve hardware systems support processes intended to proactively identify and solve quality issues and to increase the amount of new and renewed hardware systems support contracts sold in connection with the sales of our hardware systems products.