Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those related to our ability to manage future growth effectively and improve our systems, processes, and controls. The growth and expansion of our business place significant strain on our management, operational, and financial resources. To manage future growth effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial infrastructure, our operating and administrative systems, and our ability to manage headcount, capital, and processes efficiently. We may experience difficulties in managing improvements to our systems, processes, and controls, which could disrupt existing customer relationships, cause us to lose customers, or limit us to smaller deployments of our products. Our failure to improve our systems, processes, and controls may result in our inability to manage the growth of our business and to accurately forecast our revenue, expenses, and earnings. Additionally, our productivity and the quality of our products and services may be adversely affected if we do not integrate and train our new employees quickly and effectively. Our operating results may vary significantly from period to period and be unpredictable, which could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. We face intense competition in our market, and to succeed, we need to innovate and offer products that are differentiated from existing infrastructure products. Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to expand the deployment of our platform with existing end-customers and to upsell additional subscription services. This may require increasingly sophisticated and costly sales efforts that may not result in additional sales. Our ability to attract and retain new end-customers and the budgeting cycles and purchasing practices of end-customers are critical factors that could impact our operating results. We have experienced rapid growth and increased demand for our products, which places a continuous significant strain on our resources. Our future performance depends on our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform ourselves to emerge stronger from challenging situations. We must commit significant resources to developing new products before knowing whether our investments will result in products the market will accept. Our corporate culture has contributed to our success, and if we cannot maintain this culture as we grow, we could lose the innovation, creativity, and teamwork fostered by our culture. We believe that the growth of our business and our short-term and long-term success are dependent upon many factors, including our ability to extend our technology leadership, grow our base of end-customers, and focus on end-customer satisfaction. Our growth reflects the rapid adoption of our hybrid SaaS revenue model, which consists of product, subscriptions, and support and maintenance. We continue to invest in innovation and strengthening our product portfolio, which resulted in several new product offerings and announcements. Our growth strategy is dependent, in part, upon increasing sales of our products to medium and large enterprises, which involves risks that may not be present with sales to smaller entities. Our ability to manage production and manufacturing-related costs, global customer service organization costs, and inventory excess and obsolescence costs is crucial for maintaining operational flexibility. The occurrence of any disruptions in our supply chain or manufacturing processes could significantly affect our ability to fulfill orders and adversely affect our business and operating results.