In addition to the other information set forth in this annual report, we must carefully consider factors that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or the price of our common stock. Our success depends in part on our ability to anticipate and effectively respond to shifts in consumer trends and preferences, including increased demand for products that meet the needs of consumers who are concerned with health and wellness, convenience, and the location of origin or source of the ingredients. Our continued success is also dependent on our product and marketing innovation, including maintaining a robust pipeline of new products and improving the quality of existing products. Changes in consumption patterns or consumer demographics could result in reduced demand for our products. We are a global food and beverage company operating in highly competitive categories and markets, and we rely on continued demand for our products to generate revenues and profits. Our growth rate may be adversely affected if we are unable to maintain or grow our current share of the liquid refreshment beverage market or snacks market, or if demand for our products does not grow in developing and emerging markets. We are subject to various laws and regulations administered by governmental agencies, which may change dramatically as a result of political, economic, or social events. The imposition of new laws, regulations, or governmental policies may alter the environment in which we do business and could increase our costs or liabilities or reduce demand for our products. Our ability to effectively manage our operations and respond to external pressures is critical to maintaining our organizational health and resilience. We continue to monitor the economic, operating, and political environment in the markets where we operate and have identified actions to potentially mitigate the unfavorable impact on our future results. Our risk management framework involves identifying, assessing, prioritizing, and addressing our top strategic, financial, operating, business, compliance, safety, reputational, and other risks. The achievement of our strategic and operating objectives involves taking risks, and we leverage an integrated risk management framework to manage these risks effectively. Our productivity initiatives are designed to support our growth initiatives and contribute to our results of operations. We have implemented strategic plans that position our business for future success and long-term sustainable growth by allowing us to achieve a lower cost structure and operate more efficiently. Our organizational practices are focused on fostering a culture of collaboration and developing a diverse and engaged workforce, which is essential for our long-term sustainable performance. The ability to adapt to changing market conditions and consumer preferences is crucial for our organizational resilience. We continue to invest in research and development to foster breakthrough innovations and enhance consumer experiences across our businesses. As we navigate short-term volatility and uncertainty, we are focused on building a balanced portfolio across categories and geographies. Our commitment to performance with purpose integrates our business strategies with sustainability goals, ensuring that we address key challenges while capitalizing on growth opportunities.