The following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with evaluating our business and the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report on Form 10-K. Our business faces significant governmental action aimed at increasing regulatory requirements with the goal of reducing or preventing the use of tobacco products. These factors and their potential consequences are discussed more fully below and in Item 7, business environment. Our operating income could be significantly affected by regulatory initiatives resulting in a significant decrease in demand for our brands. We face intense competition, and our failure to compete effectively could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and results of operations. The competitive environment and our competitive position can be significantly influenced by weak economic conditions, erosion of consumer confidence, and product regulation that diminishes the ability to differentiate tobacco products. Because we have operations in numerous countries, our results may be influenced by economic, regulatory and political developments, natural disasters or conflicts. Economic, political, regulatory or other developments or natural disasters could disrupt our supply chain, manufacturing capabilities or distribution capabilities. In addition, such developments could lead to loss of property or equipment that are critical to our business in certain markets and difficulty in staffing and managing our operations, which could reduce our volumes, revenues and net earnings. Our ability to grow profitability may be limited by our inability to introduce new products, enter new markets or improve our margins through higher pricing and improvements in our brand and geographic mix. Our ability to implement our strategy of attracting and retaining the best global talent may be impaired by the decreasing social acceptance of cigarette smoking. The failure of our information systems to function as intended or their penetration by outside parties could result in business disruption, litigation and regulatory action, and loss of revenue, assets or personal or other sensitive data. We have backup systems and business continuity plans in place, and we take care to protect our systems and data from unauthorized access. Nevertheless, failure of our systems to function as intended could result in loss of revenue, assets or personal or other sensitive data, litigation and regulatory action, cause damage to our reputation and that of our brands and result in significant remediation and other costs to us. We may be required to replace third-party contract manufacturers or service providers with our own resources. Our ability to expand our brand portfolio through successful acquisitions or the development of strategic business relationships is also a critical factor. Acquisition and strategic business development opportunities are limited and present risks of failing to achieve efficient and effective integration, strategic objectives and anticipated revenue improvements and cost savings. Our business is subject to changes in consumer preferences, which may be influenced by local economic conditions. To be successful, we must anticipate and respond to new consumer trends, develop new products and markets and broaden brand portfolios. In periods of economic uncertainty, consumers may tend to purchase lower-price brands, and the volume of our premium-price and mid-price brands and our profitability could suffer accordingly. We may be unable to anticipate changes in consumer preferences or to respond to consumer behavior influenced by economic downturns. The increasing number of conflicts, including in the Middle East and Ukraine, could lead to significant disruptions to our business. Political uncertainty, including potential effects from economic sanctions, could impair growth in our profitability.