Economic conditions in the U.S. and international markets could adversely affect our business and financial results. Our results of operations are sensitive to changes in macro-economic conditions. Decreases in customer traffic and/or average value per transaction will negatively impact our financial performance as reduced revenues without a corresponding decrease in expenses result in sales de-leveraging, which creates downward pressure on margins. Our success depends substantially on the value of our brands and failure to preserve their value could have a negative impact on our financial results. Business incidents that erode consumer trust, such as breaches of privacy or food contamination, can significantly reduce brand value and have a negative impact on our financial results. We rely heavily on information technology in our operations, and any material failure or security failure of that technology could harm our ability to effectively operate our business. Our ability to effectively manage our business depends significantly on the reliability, integrity, and capacity of these systems. If our disaster recovery and business continuity plans do not resolve these issues effectively, they could cause material negative impacts to our product availability and sales, the efficiency of our operations, and our financial results. We may not be successful in implementing important strategic initiatives or effectively managing growth, which may have an adverse impact on our business and financial results. Factors that may adversely affect the successful implementation of these initiatives include increases in labor costs, increasing competition, and not successfully scaling our supply chain infrastructure. Effectively managing growth can be challenging, particularly as we continue to expand into new channels and markets. Our financial performance is highly dependent on our Americas operating segment, and a slowdown or decline in this segment could result in reduced cash flows for funding the expansion of our international business and other initiatives. We face intense competition in each of our channels and markets, which could lead to reduced profitability. Our international operations are subject to additional inherent risks, including economic downturns and changes in regulatory conditions. Interruption of our supply chain could affect our ability to produce or deliver our products and could negatively impact our business and profitability. We continually evaluate liquidity and funding needs and anticipate issuing long-term debt to provide us with financial flexibility. We consider the majority of undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries to be indefinitely reinvested and do not expect to repatriate cash to the U.S. to satisfy domestic liquidity needs. Our operating results have been and will continue to be subject to various factors, many of which are largely outside our control. Our policies and procedures are designed to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, and failure to comply may result in litigation and increased costs of regulatory compliance. We believe that future cash flows generated from operations will be sufficient to finance capital requirements for our core businesses as well as shareholder distributions for the foreseeable future. We may also seek strategic acquisitions to leverage existing capabilities and further build our business in support of our growth agenda.