We operate in the capital, commodities and commercial markets, which exposes us to various risks and uncertainties that could materially affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. In the normal course of business, we continuously review the latest information available and assess our ability to predict the outcome of legal proceedings, which may require that we record liabilities in the consolidated financial statements in future periods. Our ability to continue to operate will depend, in part, on the availability of our personnel, our office facilities and the proper functioning of our computer, telecommunication and other related systems. We regularly assess and take steps to improve our existing business continuity plans and key management succession. However, a disaster on a significant scale could materially interrupt our business operations and result in material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm, or legal liability. We believe we have appropriate policies, processes and internal controls to ensure the stability of our information technology, provide security from unauthorized access to our systems and maintain business continuity. Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential, sensitive and other types of information in our computer systems and networks and those of our third-party vendors. The cyber risks we face range from cyber-attacks common to most industries to more advanced threats that target us because of our prominence in the global marketplace. We have implemented internal controls, policies and procedures to deter prohibited practices, but such measures may not be effective in preventing violations of applicable laws and regulations. Our ability to absorb strain and preserve functioning despite the presence of adversity is critical to our resilience. We utilize certain data provided by third-party data sources, and if the data from our suppliers has errors or is unavailable, it could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our ability to recover from disasters or other business continuity problems is essential to mitigate risks and maintain operational flexibility. We have outsourced certain support functions to third-party service providers to leverage specialized capabilities and achieve cost efficiencies, but if these providers do not perform effectively, we may experience business disruption. Our financial performance may also be impacted by changes in the volume of securities issued and traded in domestic and global capital markets, as well as changes in interest rates and volatility in the financial markets, which could constrain customer budgets and reduce demand for our products. We strive to drive global growth by focusing on executing our strategic initiatives, strengthening core capabilities and collaborating across businesses. Our vision is to be the leading provider of transparent and independent benchmarks and ratings, analytics, data and research in the global capital, commodities and corporate markets. We seek to accomplish our mission within the framework of our core values of fairness, integrity and transparency. Our strategic initiatives aim to enhance leadership and accountability while managing and mitigating risk, which are essential components of our organizational resilience.