The risks that follow, individually or in the aggregate, are those that we think could cause our actual results to differ materially from those stated or implied in forward-looking statements. Our business model expects our merchants to react to frequently changing opportunities and trends in the market, assess the desirability and value of merchandise, and make determinations of how and what we source as well as when we source it. If we do not obtain the right fresh, desirable merchandise at the right times, quantities, and prices, or the right mix of merchandise, it could adversely affect customer traffic as well as our sales and margins. We must also properly execute our inventory management strategy of delivering the right product to the right stores at the right time. We need to appropriately allocate merchandise among our stores, timely and efficiently distribute inventory to stores, maintain an appropriate mix and level of inventory in each store, appropriately change the allocation of floor space of stores among product categories to respond to customer demand, and effectively manage pricing and markdowns. If we are not able to do so, our ability to attract and retain customers and our results could be adversely affected. We may need to react to factors affecting inventory flow that are outside our control, such as adverse weather and natural disasters or changes in conditions affecting our vendors and others in our supply chain. If we are not able to adjust appropriately to such factors, our inventory management may be affected, which could impact our performance and our relationship with our customers. Failure to continue to expand our business and operations successfully or to manage our substantial size and scale effectively could adversely affect our financial results. Our growth strategy includes successfully expanding our off-price model within our current markets and into new geographic regions, product lines, businesses, and channels. There are significant risks associated with our ability to continue to expand successfully, including managing the implementation of this growth effectively. Our substantial size may add operational complexity and impose demands on maintaining appropriate internal resources and third-party providers to support our business effectively. These demands may increase as we grow our business, adding pressure to management and various functions across our business. The large size and scale of our operations increase the risk that our systems, controls, practices, and policies will not be implemented effectively throughout our company and that information may not be appropriately shared across our operations. If business information is not shared effectively, we may operate with decreased operational efficiency, which may adversely affect our success in executing our business goals and impact our sales and results. Our success depends on our ability to meet customer demand, and we work to identify customer trends and preferences on an ongoing basis. However, doing so on a timely basis across our diverse merchandise categories and in the many markets in which we do business is challenging. Meeting demand effectively involves identifying the right opportunities and making the right investments at the right time and with the right speed. If we fail to successfully implement our various marketing efforts or if our competitors are more effective with their programs than we are, our revenue or results of operations may be adversely affected. We operate in highly competitive markets, and we may not be able to compete effectively. Our competitiveness is highly dependent on our effective execution of our off-price model of offering our customers a fresh, rapidly changing, and attractive mix of merchandise delivering value. If we fail to compete effectively, our sales and results of operations could be adversely affected.