The company must develop new products, adapt to rapid and significant technological change, and respond to introductions of new products by competitors to remain competitive. Our growth strategy includes significant investment in and expenditures for product development. We must anticipate industry trends and develop products in advance of the commercialization of our customers' products. If we fail to adequately predict our customers' needs and future activities, we may invest heavily in research and development of products and services that do not lead to significant revenue. To address challenges in flat or declining markets, we are pursuing strategies to improve internal growth, including strengthening our presence in selected geographic markets, allocating research and development funding to products with higher growth prospects, and expanding our service offerings. Our business is affected by general economic conditions and related uncertainties affecting markets in which we operate. The continued weakness in world economies makes the strength and timing of any economic recovery uncertain, and there can be no assurance that global economic conditions will not deteriorate further. Demand for some of our products depends on capital spending policies of our customers and on government funding policies, which can fluctuate based on budget allocations and the timely passage of the annual federal budget. Our ability to realize the value of goodwill and intangible assets will depend on the future cash flows of these businesses, which in turn depend on how well we have integrated these businesses. If we are not able to realize the value of the goodwill and intangible assets, we may be required to incur material charges relating to the impairment of those assets. Our business strategy includes the acquisition of technologies and businesses that complement or augment our existing products and services. We rely upon our manufacturing operations to produce many of the products we sell and our warehouse facilities to store products pending sale. Any significant disruption of those operations for any reason, such as strikes or other labor unrest, power interruptions, fire, or other events beyond our control could adversely affect our sales and customer relationships. We are required to comply with a wide variety of laws and regulations, and are subject to regulation by various federal, state, and foreign agencies. A failure to comply with these laws and regulations could result in criminal, civil, and administrative penalties. Our inability to complete pending acquisitions or to successfully integrate any new or previous acquisitions could have a material adverse effect on our business. We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could adversely affect our cash flows and results of operations. Our business could be adversely affected by disruptions at our sites. We have significant operations in California, near major earthquake faults, which make us susceptible to earthquake risk. Our systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, power loss, telecommunication failures, terrorist attacks, computer viruses, and other attempts to harm our systems. Despite any precautions we may take, such problems could result in interruptions in our services, which could harm our reputation and financial results. Our ability to comply with financial restrictions and covenants is dependent on our future performance, which is subject to prevailing economic conditions and other factors, including factors that are beyond our control. The company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents and its future cash flow from operations together with available borrowing capacity will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of its existing businesses for the foreseeable future.