You should carefully consider the risks described below together with the other information set forth in this report, which could materially affect our business, financial condition and future results. The complexity in our business continues to grow as we introduce new products and variants. We have limited experience simultaneously designing, testing, manufacturing, upgrading, adapting and selling our electric vehicles as well as limited experience allocating our available resources among the design and production of multiple vehicles. We may experience significant delays or other complications in bringing to market and ramping production of new vehicles, which could harm our brand, business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. Our ability to further increase vehicle production will depend upon a number of factors, including our ability to use new manufacturing processes as planned while maintaining our desired quality levels. We may be unable to meet our production and delivery plans for our vehicles, both of which could harm our business and prospects. We expect our annual production will increase considerably each year for the next several years. Our long-term success will be dependent upon our ability to achieve market acceptance of our vehicles. If we are not successful in bringing new models to market at the expected price point and volume, our operating results may suffer. We are subject to a number of risks associated with international business activities that may increase our costs, impact our ability to sell our electric vehicles and require significant management attention. If we experience unexpected difficulties or delays in finding and opening desirable locations for stores and service centers, we may not be able to meet our delivery plans. Our future growth is dependent upon consumers' willingness to adopt electric vehicles. If the market for electric vehicles does not develop as we expect, or develops more slowly than we expect, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results will be harmed. We face risks associated with our international operations and expansion, including unfavorable regulatory, political, tax and labor conditions. We have limited experience in delivering a high volume of vehicles, and we may face difficulties meeting our delivery and growth plans into both existing markets as well as new markets into which we expand. Our strategic relationships with third parties pose various risks to us, including potential loss of access to important technology and parts for producing, servicing and supporting our products. Our ability to make scheduled payments of principal when due depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. Our business may be adversely affected by any disruptions caused by union activities. We are subject to substantial regulation, which is evolving, and unfavorable changes or failure by us to comply with these regulations could substantially harm our business and operating results. If we are unable to adequately reduce the manufacturing costs or control the costs associated with operating our business, our financial condition and operating results will suffer. We are currently expanding and improving our information technology systems and use security measures designed to protect our systems against breaches and cyber-attacks. If these efforts are not successful, our business and operations could be disrupted and our operating results and reputation could be harmed. Our insurance strategy may not be adequate to protect us from all business risks. We may be compelled to undertake product recalls or take other actions, which could adversely affect our brand image and financial performance. Our current and future warranty reserves may be insufficient to cover future warranty claims which could adversely affect our financial performance.