Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, some of which may cause our future results to be different than we currently anticipate. We have disaster recovery, business continuity, and crisis management plans and procedures designed to protect our businesses against a multitude of events, including natural disasters, military or terrorist actions, power or communication failures, or similar events. Despite our preparations, our plans may not be successful in preventing the loss of client data, service interruptions, disruptions to our operations, or damage to our important facilities. We rely heavily on our payroll, financial, accounting, and other data processing systems. If any of these systems fails to operate properly or becomes disabled even for a brief period of time, we could suffer financial loss, a disruption of our businesses, liability to clients, regulatory intervention, or damage to our reputation, any of which could have a materially adverse effect on our results of operation or financial condition. We are focused on ensuring that we safeguard and protect personal and business information, and we devote significant resources to maintain and regularly update our systems and processes. Nonetheless, globally, attacks on information technology systems continue to grow in frequency, complexity, and sophistication, and we are regularly targeted by unauthorized parties using malicious tactics, code, and viruses. We have programs in place to prevent, detect, and respond to data security incidents. However, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate or timely preventive measures. As these threats continue to evolve, we may be required to invest significant additional resources to modify and enhance our information security and controls and to investigate and remediate any security vulnerabilities. Our ability to grow and provide our clients with competitive services is partially dependent on our ability to attract and retain highly motivated people with the skills to serve our clients. Competition for skilled employees in the outsourcing and other markets in which we operate is intense, and if we are unable to attract and retain highly skilled and motivated personnel, results of our operations may suffer. We operate our business around the world, including in numerous developing economies where companies and government officials are more likely to engage in business practices that are prohibited by domestic and foreign laws and regulations. We have implemented policies and procedures to monitor and address compliance with applicable anti-corruption, economic and trade sanctions, and anti-money laundering laws and regulations, and we are continuously in the process of reviewing, upgrading, and enhancing certain of our policies and procedures. However, there can be no assurance that none of our employees, consultants, or agents will take actions in violation of our policies, for which we may be ultimately responsible. We are unable to determine the ultimate impact that health care reform will have on our PEO business and our ability to attract and retain PEO clients. Our financial condition and balance sheet remain solid, with cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities of approximately $3.2 billion. We believe that we currently meet all conditions set forth in the revolving credit agreements to borrow thereunder, and we are not aware of any conditions that would prevent us from borrowing part or all of the $9.25 billion available to us under the revolving credit agreements. We are dependent upon various large banks to execute electronic payments and wire transfers as part of our client payroll, tax, and other money movement services. While we have contingency plans in place for bank failures, a systemic shutdown of the banking industry would impede our ability to process funds on behalf of our payroll, tax, and other money movement services clients and could have an adverse impact on our financial results and liquidity.