Our business and operations have experienced rapid growth, and if we do not appropriately manage any future growth or are unable to improve our systems and processes, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects will be adversely affected. We have had to manage an increasingly large and more complex array of internal systems and processes to scale with all aspects of our business, including our hardware and software development, contract manufacturing and purchasing, logistics and fulfillment, and maintenance and support. Our success will depend in part upon our ability to manage our growth effectively. To do so, we must continue to increase the productivity of our existing employees and continue to hire, train, and manage new employees as needed. We may experience difficulties in managing improvements to our systems and processes or in connection with third-party technology. Our failure to improve our systems and processes, or their failure to operate effectively and in the intended manner, may result in disruption of our current operations and end-customer relationships, our inability to manage the growth of our business, and our inability to accurately forecast our revenue, expenses, and earnings and prevent certain losses. We have encountered and will continue to encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by rapidly growing companies in constantly evolving industries, including the risks described elsewhere in this annual report. If we do not address these risks successfully, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects will be adversely affected. Our results of operations are likely to vary significantly from period to period and be unpredictable, and if we fail to meet the expectations of analysts or investors or our previously issued financial guidance, the market price of our common stock could decline substantially. We expect large purchases by a limited number of end customers to continue to represent a substantial portion of our revenue, and any loss or delay of expected purchases could result in material quarter-to-quarter fluctuations of our revenue or otherwise adversely affect our results of operations. We face intense competition, especially from larger, well-established companies, and we may lack sufficient financial or other resources to maintain or improve our competitive position. Our ability to compete will depend upon our ability to provide a better solution than our competitors at a more competitive price. We may be required to make substantial additional investments in research, development, marketing, and sales in order to respond to competition, and we cannot assure you that these investments will achieve any returns for us or that we will be able to compete successfully in the future. Our reliance on component suppliers also yields the potential for their infringement or misappropriation of third-party intellectual property rights with respect to components which may be incorporated into our products. We may not be indemnified by such component suppliers for such infringement or misappropriation claims. Any litigation for which we do not receive indemnification could require us to incur significant legal expenses in defending against such claims or require us to pay substantial royalty payments or settlement amounts that would not be reimbursed by our component suppliers. Our business depends on the overall demand for information technology, network connectivity, and access to data and applications. Weak domestic or global economic conditions, fear or anticipation of such conditions, or a reduction in information technology and network infrastructure spending could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects in a number of ways, including longer sales cycles, lower prices for our products and services, higher default rates among our distributors, reduced unit sales, and lower or no growth. Our corporate headquarters and the operations of our key manufacturing vendors, logistics providers, and partners, as well as many of our customers, are located in areas exposed to risks of natural disasters such as earthquakes and tsunamis. A significant natural disaster could have a material adverse effect on our or their business, which could in turn materially affect our financial condition, results of operations, and prospects.