We operate in a competitive business environment and may not be able to compete effectively. Our ability to enhance our current products and services and to develop and introduce innovative products and services that address the increasingly sophisticated needs of our clients and their customers will significantly affect our future success. Our business may be adversely impacted by U.S. and global market and economic conditions. A prolonged poor economic environment could result in significant decreases in demand by current and potential clients for our products and services and in the number and dollar amount of transactions we process, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Consolidations in the banking and financial services industry could adversely affect our revenue by eliminating existing or potential clients and making us more dependent on fewer clients. Security breaches, computer malware or other "cyber attacks" could harm our business by disrupting our delivery of services and damaging our reputation. Our operations depend on receiving, storing, processing and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to our business, our associates, our clients and their customers. Any unauthorized intrusion, malicious software infiltration, network disruption, denial of service or similar act by a malevolent party could disrupt the integrity, continuity, security and trust of our systems or data, or the systems or data of our clients or vendors. An operational failure in our transaction processing businesses, including our business continuity and disaster recovery capabilities, could harm our business or cause us to lose clients. A prolonged interruption of our services or network could cause us to experience data loss or a reduction in revenue. We may experience software defects, development delays or installation difficulties, which would harm our business and reputation and expose us to potential liability. The complexity of these regulations will continue to increase our cost of doing business. We may not be able to update our existing products and services, or develop new ones, to satisfy our clients' needs. Our ability to access capital on favorable terms depends on a number of factors, including general market conditions, interest rates, credit ratings on our debt securities, perception of our potential future earnings and the market price of our common stock. We believe that our sizable and diverse client base, combined with our position as a leading provider of non-discretionary, recurring revenue-based products and services, gives us a solid foundation for growth. We continue to implement a series of strategic initiatives to help accomplish our mission of providing integrated technology and services solutions that enable best-in-class results for our clients. Our key enterprise priorities for 2017 are to continue to build high-quality revenue while meeting our earnings goals, to enhance client relationships with an emphasis on digital and payment solutions, and to deliver innovation and integration which enables differentiated value for our clients. The financial institutions marketplace has experienced change in composition as well, primarily as a result of voluntary mergers and acquisitions. Rather than reducing the overall market, these consolidations have transferred accounts among financial institutions. Our focus on long-term client relationships and recurring, transaction-oriented products and services has reduced the impact that consolidation in the financial services industry has had on us. We believe that our products and services can assist financial institutions with the regulatory and market challenges that they currently face by providing, among other things, new sources of revenue and opportunities to reduce their costs. Our operations are comprised of the payments and industry products segment and the financial institution services segment. The payments segment primarily provides electronic bill payment and presentment services, internet and mobile banking software and services, person-to-person payment services, debit and credit card processing and services, and other electronic payments software and services.