The risks and uncertainties described could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations, and could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. Strong competition could adversely affect prices and demand for our products and services and could decrease our market share. Intense competitive pressures from one or more of our competitors, such as through aggressive promotional pricing or liquidation events, or our inability to adapt effectively and quickly to a changing competitive landscape could affect our prices, margins, or demand for our products and services. We may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer needs, expectations, or trends, which could adversely affect our relationship with customers, our reputation, the demand for our products and services, and our market share. Our success depends upon our ability to attract, develop, and retain highly qualified associates while also controlling our labor costs. A failure of a key information technology system or process could adversely affect our business. We rely extensively on information technology systems to analyze, process, store, manage, and protect transactions and data. Disruptions in our customer-facing technology systems could impair our interconnected retail strategy and give rise to negative customer experiences. We must effectively respond to changing customer preferences and new developments. We have implemented programs to enhance our operational flexibility and customer experience, but we cannot guarantee that these programs will meet customers' needs and expectations. Our ability to manage and expand our alliances and relationships with selected suppliers is critical to executing our strategy to differentiate ourselves from our competitors. A disruption within our logistics or supply chain network could adversely affect our ability to deliver inventory in a timely manner, which could impair our ability to meet customer demand for products and result in lost sales, increased supply chain costs, or damage to our reputation. The implementation of our supply chain and technology initiatives could disrupt our operations in the near term, and these initiatives might not provide the anticipated benefits or might fail. We must also maintain a safe store environment for our customers and associates. Failure to maintain our stores and utilize our store space effectively could adversely affect our relationship with customers, our reputation, the demand for our products and services, and our market share. Our financial performance depends significantly on the stability of the housing, residential construction, and home improvement markets, as well as general economic conditions. Adverse conditions in these markets could adversely impact our customers' confidence or financial condition. We are subject to various federal, state, and local laws and regulations that govern numerous aspects of our business, and changes in these laws and regulations could increase our costs of doing business or impact our operations. Our ability to successfully conduct retail operations in international markets is affected by many risks, including political instability and economic conditions. We must continually evaluate and adapt our systems and processes to safeguard against data security breaches and system compromises. Any future significant compromise or breach of our data security could result in significant costs, lost sales, fines, lawsuits, and damage to our reputation. Our success depends on our ability to identify and respond promptly to evolving trends in demographics, consumer preferences, expectations, and unexpected weather conditions while managing appropriate inventory levels.