This annual report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements regarding our expectations and beliefs regarding future conduct and growth of the business, including our intention to invest significant resources in product development, marketing, and sales capabilities to adapt to technological change and global trends. We face intense competitive pressures that may harm our operating results, and our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions is critical. Business interruption or failure of our information technology and communication systems may impair the availability of our products and services, which may damage our reputation and harm our future financial results. We are in the process of updating our customer-facing applications and the supporting information technology infrastructure to meet our customers' expectations for continuous service availability. Any difficulties in upgrading these applications or infrastructure may result in interruptions in our service, which may reduce our revenues and profits. We are also investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities. We implemented additional security measures in our products and began working with state governments to share information regarding suspicious filings to protect our customers against fraud. Our growth strategy depends upon our ability to initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends, to enter new markets, and to drive broad adoption of the products and services we develop and market. We must continue to develop our skills, tools, and capabilities to capitalize on existing and emerging technologies, which require us to devote significant resources. Our business operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, human error, malicious attacks, and other events beyond our control. We do not carry earthquake insurance for direct quake-related losses, which may materially harm our future financial results in the event of a major earthquake or other natural disaster. We rely on internal systems and external systems maintained by manufacturers, distributors, and other service providers to take and fulfill customer orders. Any interruption or failure of our internal or external systems may prevent us from accepting and fulfilling customer orders or cause company and customer data to be unintentionally disclosed. We regularly invest resources to update and improve our internal information technology systems and software platforms. Should our investments not succeed, or if delays or other issues with new or existing internal technology systems disrupt our operations, our business could be harmed. We have also started to increasingly utilize the distribution platforms of third parties for the distribution of certain of our product offerings, and any adverse changes by these third parties could adversely affect our financial results. Our future financial results may be materially harmed by adverse global economic conditions, which could negatively impact consumer and small business spending. We assess the need for adjustments to our valuation allowances on a quarterly basis based on estimates of future sources of taxable income. Our operations process a significant volume and dollar value of transactions daily, and effective processing systems and controls are essential to ensure that transactions are handled appropriately. If we are unable to effectively combat the increasing amount and sophistication of fraudulent activities, we may suffer losses and lose the confidence of our customers. Our business depends on our strong reputation and the value of our brands, and damage to our reputation may reduce demand for our products and services. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents, investments, and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to meet anticipated seasonal working capital needs and other liquidity requirements associated with our operations for at least the next 12 months.