In addition to the other information set forth in this report, the risks described below are not the only risks facing our company. Our ability to absorb strain and preserve or improve functioning despite the presence of adversity is critical. Water is a limited resource facing unprecedented challenges from overexploitation, increasing demand for food and other consumer products, increasing pollution, poor management, and the effects of climate change. The demand for water continues to increase around the world, and as water becomes scarcer and the quality of available water deteriorates, our system may incur higher costs or face capacity constraints that could adversely affect our profitability or net operating revenues in the long run. If we do not address evolving consumer preferences, our business could suffer. Our success depends in part on our ability to grow our business in emerging and developing markets, which in turn depends on economic and political conditions in those markets and on our ability to work with local bottlers to make necessary infrastructure enhancements. Unfavorable economic and political conditions in international markets could hurt our business. Our operations outside the United States accounted for a significant portion of our total net operating revenues. Our management has identified certain challenges and risks that demand attention, including obesity, water quality and quantity, evolving consumer preferences, increased competition, product safety and quality, and food security. We believe our company is well positioned to appropriately address these challenges and risks. Our organizational structure consists of various operating segments, and we engage in buying and selling ownership interests in bottling partners and other manufacturing operations to improve our operating performance. Our refranchising activities require significant attention and effort and may become a distraction for senior management. The company expects to achieve total annualized productivity from initiatives implemented under our productivity and reinvestment program. We assess our trademarks, bottler franchise rights, goodwill, and other intangible assets to determine whether they are impaired. Our financial performance depends in large part on how well we can manage and improve the performance of company-owned or controlled bottling operations and other acquired businesses or brands. Our ability to generate cash flows from operating activities is one of our fundamental financial strengths. We expect existing domestic cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, marketable securities, cash flows from operations, and the issuance of debt to continue to be sufficient to fund our domestic operating activities and cash commitments. Our international operations are subject to certain opportunities and risks, including currency fluctuations and governmental actions. We closely monitor our operations in each country and seek to adopt appropriate strategies that are responsive to changing economic and political environments. Our foreign currency management program is designed to mitigate, over time, a portion of the impact of exchange rate changes on our net income and earnings per share. The company recorded foreign currency exchange losses in recent years, reflecting the impact of fluctuations in foreign currencies. Our productivity initiatives may become a distraction for our managers and employees and may disrupt our ongoing business operations. If we are unable to successfully manage the possible negative consequences of our productivity initiatives, our business operations could be adversely affected.