An investment in our common stock or debt securities involves risks and uncertainties. We seek to identify, manage, and mitigate risks to our business, but risk and uncertainty cannot be eliminated or necessarily predicted. The outcome of one or more of these risks could have a material effect on our operating results, financial position, or cash flows. We depend heavily on contracts with the U.S. government for a substantial portion of our business. The U.S. government continues to face significant deficit reduction pressures, and discretionary spending is likely to remain constrained for a number of years. Under such conditions, large or complex programs are potentially subject to increased scrutiny. We anticipate continual reviews related to aircraft performance, program schedule, cost, and requirements as part of the Department of Defense, congressional, and international partners' oversight and budgeting processes. Current program challenges include supplier and partner performance, software development, and successfully negotiating and receiving funding for production contracts on a timely basis. The U.S. government may also enter into unilateral contract actions, which could negatively affect profit and cash flows, and establish a precedent for future contracts. We believe that our diverse range of defense, homeland security, and information technology products and services makes it less likely that cuts in any specific contract will have a long-term effect on our business. However, termination of multiple or large programs could adversely affect our business and future financial performance. We are subject to a number of procurement laws and regulations, and our business could be adversely affected if we fail to comply with these laws. The U.S. government has the ability to decrease or withhold certain payments when it deems systems subject to its review to be inadequate. We routinely experience various cybersecurity threats and disruptions that could adversely affect our internal operations, the services we provide to our customers, our future financial results, our reputation, or our stock price. We must rely on the safeguards put in place by our customers, suppliers, subcontractors, and venture partners, which may affect the security of our information. The threats we face vary from attacks common to most industries to more advanced and persistent adversaries who target us because we protect national security information. If we are unable to protect sensitive information, our customers or governmental authorities could question the adequacy of our threat mitigation and detection processes and procedures. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to develop new products and technologies and maintain a qualified workforce. Our operating performance is also dependent upon personnel who hold security clearances and receive substantial training. Competition for personnel is intense, and we may not be successful in hiring or retaining personnel with the requisite skills or clearances. The loss of key personnel, coupled with an inability to adequately train other personnel or transfer knowledge, could significantly impact our ability to perform under our contracts. We have a strategy to grow international sales, which are subject to numerous political and economic factors, regulatory requirements, and significant competition. Our international business is highly sensitive to changes in regulations, political environments, or security risks that may affect our ability to conduct business outside of the U.S. Our exposure to such risks increased as a result of our acquisition of Sikorsky and may further increase if our international sales grow as anticipated.