We have developed a risk management process using periodic surveys, external research, planning processes, risk mapping, analytics, and other tools to identify and evaluate the operational, financial, environmental, reputational, strategic, and other risks that could adversely affect our business. Our success is dependent on our ability to identify and respond to the economic, social, style, and other trends that affect demographic and consumer preferences in a variety of our merchandise categories and service offerings. Failure to identify such trends, adapt our business concept, and implement change, growth, and productivity initiatives successfully could negatively affect our relationship with our customers, the demand for the home improvement products and services we sell, the rate of growth of our business, our market share, and results of operations. Our interactions with customers have evolved into an omni-channel experience, and we must anticipate and meet our customers' expectations and counteract new developments and technology investments by our competitors. The success of our strategic initiatives to adapt our business concept to our customers' changing shopping habits and demands will require us to deliver large, complex programs requiring more integrated planning, initiative prioritization, and program sequencing. These initiatives will require new competencies in many positions, and our management, employees, and contractors will have to adapt and learn new skills and capabilities. Our business and our reputation could be adversely affected by the failure to protect sensitive customer, employee, vendor, or company information or to comply with evolving regulations relating to our obligation to protect our systems, assets, and such information from the threat of cyber-attacks. Cyber-attacks and tactics designed to gain access to and exploit sensitive information are constantly evolving, and high-profile electronic security breaches have occurred in recent years. We rely on third parties to provide payment processing services, and it could disrupt our business if these companies become unwilling or unable to provide these services to us. Performance issues with customer-facing technology systems could negatively affect our customers' perceptions of Lowe's as a reliable online vendor. Our ability to meet our labor needs while controlling our costs is subject to a variety of external factors, including wage rates, the availability of talent, and changing demographics. We must continue to manage, preserve, and grow Lowe's public image and reputation. Any negative incident can erode trust and confidence quickly, and adverse publicity could damage our reputation and brand image. We regularly consider and enter into strategic transactions, including mergers and acquisitions, with the expectation that these transactions will result in increases in sales, cost savings, synergies, and other benefits. Effective internal controls are necessary to provide reliable and accurate financial reports, and the integration of businesses may create complexity in our financial systems. Our financial performance could be adversely affected if our management information systems are seriously disrupted or we fail to properly maintain, improve, upgrade, and expand those systems. Our access to capital markets depends on our strong credit ratings and the overall condition of debt capital markets. Disruption in the financial markets or an erosion of our credit strength could impact our ability to meet capital requirements. We must comply with various laws and regulations that differ substantially in each area where we operate, and changes in existing or new laws could adversely affect our business. Future litigation or governmental proceedings could result in material adverse consequences, including judgments or settlements, negatively affecting our business and financial condition.