Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. If we fail to retain existing users or add new users, or if our users decrease their level of engagement with our products, our revenue, financial results, and business may be significantly harmed. Our financial performance has been and will continue to be significantly determined by our success in adding, retaining, and engaging active users of our products. If people do not perceive our products to be useful, reliable, and trustworthy, we may not be able to attract or retain users or otherwise maintain or increase the frequency and duration of their engagement. There is no guarantee that we will not experience a similar erosion of our active user base or engagement levels. Our user engagement patterns have changed over time, and user engagement can be difficult to measure. Any number of factors could potentially negatively affect user retention, growth, and engagement, including if users increasingly engage with other competitive products or services, or if we fail to introduce new products or services that users find engaging. If we are unable to maintain or increase our user base and user engagement, our revenue and financial results may be adversely affected. Our user growth, engagement, and monetization on mobile devices depend upon effective operation with mobile operating systems, networks, and standards that we do not control. We are dependent on the interoperability of Facebook and our other products with popular mobile operating systems, networks, and standards that we do not control. Any changes, bugs, or technical issues in such systems could adversely affect the usage of Facebook or our other products and monetization on mobile devices. Our business is highly competitive, and we compete with companies that sell advertising as well as with companies that provide social and communication products and services. We believe that our ability to compete effectively depends upon many factors both within and beyond our control, including the popularity, usefulness, ease of use, performance, and reliability of our products compared to our competitors' products. If we are not able to compete effectively, our user base and level of user engagement may decrease, we may become less attractive to developers and marketers, and our revenue and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. We currently depend on the continued services and performance of our key personnel. The loss of key personnel could disrupt our operations and have an adverse effect on our business. Our ability to attract, retain, and motivate employees may also be adversely affected by stock price volatility. We have made and are continuing to make investments to enable developers to build, grow, and monetize mobile and web applications that integrate with Facebook and our other products. If we are not successful in our efforts to continue to grow the number of developers that choose to build products that integrate with Facebook, our user growth and user engagement and our financial results may be adversely affected. Our business is subject to complex and evolving U.S. and foreign laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection, competition, consumer protection, and other matters. These laws and regulations are constantly evolving and can be subject to significant change, which could materially affect our financial position and results of operations. We have significant international operations and plan to continue expanding our operations abroad where we have limited operating experience, which may subject us to increased business and economic risks that could affect our financial results.