The company is dependent on its patent rights, and if its patent rights are invalidated or circumvented, its business would be adversely affected. The company seeks patents covering each of its products in each of the markets where it intends to sell the products and where meaningful patent protection is available. The company defends its patents both within and outside the United States, including by filing claims of infringement against other parties. Patent litigation and other challenges to the company's patents are costly and unpredictable and may deprive the company of market exclusivity for a patented product. The company's ability to generate profits and operating cash flow depends largely upon the continued profitability of the company's key products. The company must maintain a continuous flow of successful new products and successful new indications or brand extensions for existing products sufficient both to cover its substantial research and development costs and to replace sales that are lost as profitable products lose market exclusivity or are displaced by competing products or therapies. The company is focused on productivity improvements, looking for opportunities to reallocate resources across the portfolio to grow its strongest brands and to support the most promising assets in its pipeline. The company's research and development efforts may not succeed in developing commercially successful products, and the company may not be able to acquire commercially successful products in other ways; in consequence, the company may not be able to replace sales of successful products that have lost patent protection. The company is participating in the debate and monitoring how any proposed changes could affect its business. The uncertainty in global economic conditions together with austerity measures being taken by certain governments could negatively affect the company's operating results. The company has significant global operations, which expose it to additional risks, and any adverse event could have a material negative impact on the company's results of operations. The company is increasingly dependent on sophisticated software applications and computing infrastructure to conduct critical operations. Disruption, degradation, or manipulation of these applications and systems through intentional or accidental means could impact key business processes. The company continues to leverage new and innovative technologies across the enterprise to improve the efficacy and efficiency of its business processes. The company must also compete to be placed on formularies of managed care organizations. The company's activities, including research, preclinical testing, clinical trials, and manufacturing and marketing its products, are subject to extensive regulation by numerous federal, state, and local governmental authorities in the United States, including the FDA, and by foreign regulatory authorities. The company faces intense competition from lower-cost generic products. The company is exposed to market risk from fluctuations in currency exchange rates and interest rates. The company cannot predict the likelihood of future changes in the health care industry in general, or the pharmaceutical industry in particular, or what impact they may have on the company's results of operations, financial condition, or business. The company is subject to evolving and complex tax laws, which may result in additional liabilities that may affect results of operations. The company is involved in various claims and legal proceedings of a nature considered normal to its business, including product liability, intellectual property, and commercial litigation. The company faces intense competition from competitors' products, which could lead to non-cash impairment charges. The company must adapt to changing market conditions and regulatory environments to maintain its competitive position and ensure organizational resilience.