Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We face intense competition across all markets for our products and services, which may lead to lower revenue or operating margins. The competitive pressures described above may cause decreased sales volumes, price reductions, and increased operating costs. Our increasing focus on services presents execution and competitive risks. We are devoting significant resources to develop and deploy our cloud-based strategies, and the Windows ecosystem must continue to evolve with this changing environment. We are undertaking cultural and organizational changes to drive accountability and eliminate obstacles to innovation. The company’s increasing reliance on data-driven insights is becoming more important to the success of key opportunities in monetization, customer perceptions of quality, and operational efficiency. If we are not effective in executing organizational and technical changes to increase efficiency and accelerate innovation, we may not grow revenue in line with our infrastructure and development investments. This may negatively impact gross margins and operating income. Developing new technologies is complex and can require long development and testing periods. Significant delays in new releases or significant problems in creating new products or services could adversely affect our revenue. We expect to continue making acquisitions and entering into joint ventures and strategic alliances as part of our long-term business strategy. The success of these transactions and arrangements will depend in part on our ability to leverage them to enhance our existing products and services or develop compelling new ones. A disruption or failure of our systems or operations because of a major earthquake, weather event, cyber-attack, terrorist attack, or other catastrophic event could cause delays in completing sales, providing services, or performing other critical functions. Our corporate headquarters and a significant portion of our research and development activities are in seismically active regions. A catastrophic event that results in the destruction or disruption of any of our critical business or IT systems could harm our ability to conduct normal business operations. Providing our customers with more services and solutions in the cloud puts a premium on the resilience of our systems and strength of our business continuity management plans. Abrupt political change, terrorist activity, and armed conflict pose a risk of general economic disruption in affected countries, which may increase our operating costs. These conditions also may add uncertainty to the timing and budget for technology investment decisions by our customers. The long-term effects of climate change on the global economy or the IT industry in particular are unclear. Environmental regulations or changes in the supply, demand, or available sources of energy or other natural resources may affect the availability or cost of goods and services necessary to run our business. Our business is based on successfully attracting and retaining talented employees. The market for highly skilled workers and leaders in our industry is extremely competitive. Effective succession planning is also important to our long-term success. Failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge and smooth transitions involving key employees could hinder our strategic planning and execution.