Our operations could also be affected by other factors that are presently unknown to us or not considered significant. We have experienced dramatic declines in average selling prices for our semiconductor memory products which have adversely affected our business. If average selling prices for our memory products decrease faster than we can decrease per gigabit costs, our business, results of operations, or financial condition could be materially adversely affected. We may be unable to maintain or improve gross margins. Our gross margins are dependent upon continuing decreases in per gigabit manufacturing costs achieved through improvements in our manufacturing processes and product designs. Factors that may limit our ability to reduce costs include, but are not limited to, strategic product diversification decisions affecting product mix, the increasing complexity of manufacturing processes, difficulties in transitioning to smaller line-width process technologies, technological barriers, and changes in process technologies or products that may require relatively larger die sizes. Our competitors seek to increase silicon capacity, improve yields, reduce die size, and minimize mask levels in their product designs resulting in significant increases in the worldwide supply of semiconductor memory and downward pressure on prices. Increases in worldwide supply of semiconductor memory also result from semiconductor memory fab capacity expansions. Our competitors may increase capital expenditures resulting in future increases in worldwide supply. If competitors are more successful at developing or implementing new product or process technology, their products could have cost or performance advantages. Our ability to meet our payment obligations under our debt instruments depends on our ability to generate significant cash flows in the future. This, to some extent, is subject to market, economic, financial, competitive, legislative, and regulatory factors as well as other factors that are beyond our control. There can be no assurance that our business will generate cash flow from operations, or that additional capital will be available to us, in an amount sufficient to enable us to meet our debt payment obligations and to fund other liquidity needs. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow to service our debt obligations, we may need to refinance or restructure our debt, sell assets, reduce or delay capital investments, or seek to raise additional capital. If we were unable to implement one or more of these alternatives, we may be unable to meet our debt payment obligations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our proposed acquisition of the remaining shares of Inotera involves numerous risks, including increased exposure to the DRAM market, which experienced significant declines in pricing. Our future success depends on our ability to develop and produce competitive new memory technologies. We face technological barriers to continue to meet long-term customer needs. These barriers include potential limitations on the ability to shrink products in order to reduce costs, meet higher density requirements, and improve power consumption and reliability. We must make significant capital investments in manufacturing technology, capital equipment, facilities, R&D, and product and process technology. Our operations require raw materials and services that meet exacting standards. However, only a limited number of suppliers are capable of delivering certain raw materials and services that meet our standards. Various factors could reduce the availability of raw materials or components. We have manufacturing and other operations in locations subject to natural occurrences such as severe weather and geological events that could disrupt operations. A natural disaster, fire, explosion, or other event that results in a prolonged disruption to our operations may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We are subject to counterparty default risks, including cash deposits, investments, capped-call contracts on our stock, and derivative instruments. If one of our counterparties becomes insolvent or files for bankruptcy, our ability to recover any losses suffered as a result of that counterparty's default may be limited.