Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk, and we expect our revenue growth rate to continue to decline, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and future prospects. We may encounter unforeseen operating expenses, difficulties, complications, delays, and other unpredictable factors that may result in increased costs. Our successful entry into new markets is important to our revenue growth prospects, and we may not have the necessary resources, including employees with the required expertise, to compete effectively in these new markets. If we are not able to successfully develop, market, sell, and implement these new products and services, our revenue growth rate and operating results will be adversely affected. Cyber-security events may lead to significant liabilities and harm our business and operating results. Disruptions or defects in our services could damage our customers' businesses, subject us to substantial liability, and harm our reputation and financial results. Problems at our data centers could result in lengthy interruptions in our services and the loss of customer data. Our operations are subject to interruption by natural disasters, flooding, fire, power shortages, pandemics, and other events beyond our control, which could make it difficult or impossible for us to deliver our services to our customers. We maintain crisis management and disaster response plans, but such events could lead to substantial expenses. Our ability to attract new customers, retain and increase sales to existing customers, and satisfy customer requirements is critical to our organizational resilience. We have experienced significant revenue growth in prior periods; however, our revenue growth rate is declining, and we expect that it will continue to decline into the foreseeable future. Our ability to grow revenues sufficiently to keep pace with our growing investments and expenses is essential for maintaining operational continuity. We may not achieve or maintain profitability in the future, and our gross margins may be negatively impacted. The markets for our enterprise cloud solutions are rapidly evolving and highly competitive, with relatively low barriers to entry, and we expect competition to intensify. Our primary competitors may respond more quickly and effectively to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards, and customer requirements. Our success depends largely upon the continued services of our management team and key individual contributors, and the loss of one or more members could have a serious impact on our business. We may not be successful in attracting and retaining qualified personnel, which is vital for our operational flexibility and adaptability. Our financial results may be adversely affected by changes in accounting principles and global economic conditions, which could harm our industry and business. We are subject to income taxes in various jurisdictions, and changes in tax laws could impact our financial position. Our future effective tax rate could be affected by changes in accounting principles and regulations impacting the delivery of our services. We recognize revenues from our subscription service over the subscription term, and downturns in new sales and renewals will not be immediately reflected in our operating results. Our ability to manage risks associated with foreign markets is crucial for our organizational resilience, as we seek to increase our international sales. Our subscription model makes it difficult to rapidly increase revenues through additional sales in any period, and we may be unable to adjust our cost structure to reflect changes in revenues.