We operate in rapidly changing economic and technological environments that present numerous risks, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. Our success depends upon our ability to develop new products and services, integrate acquired products and services, and enhance our existing products and services. Rapid technological advances, changing delivery models, and evolving standards characterize the industries in which we compete. If we are unable to develop new or sufficiently differentiated products and services, enhance and improve our product offerings and support services in a timely manner, or position and price our products and services to meet demand, customers may not purchase or subscribe to our software, hardware, or cloud offerings. Our cloud strategy may adversely affect our revenues and profitability. We have also acquired a number of cloud computing companies, and the integration of these companies into our strategy may not be as efficient or scalable as anticipated, which could adversely affect our ability to fully realize the benefits anticipated from these acquisitions. We cannot provide any assurance that the standards on which we choose to develop new products will allow us to compete effectively for business opportunities in emerging areas. Our business may be adversely affected if we do not continue to develop and release new or enhanced products and services within the anticipated time frames, or if there are delays in market acceptance of a new, enhanced, or acquired product line or service. We have a reputation for secure and reliable product offerings and related services, and we have invested a great deal of time and resources in protecting the integrity and security of our products, services, and the internal and external data that we manage. We also face risks associated with our acquisition program, including difficulties managing an acquired company's technologies or lines of business, entering new markets, or retaining key personnel from acquired companies. Our ongoing business may be disrupted and our management's attention may be diverted by acquisition, transition, or integration activities. We are subject to a variety of risks and challenges in managing an organization operating in various countries, including general economic conditions, fluctuations in currency exchange rates, regulatory changes, political unrest, and natural disasters. These factors could also disrupt or negatively impact the supply chain operations for our hardware products segment and the sales of our products and services in affected countries or regions. We continually focus on improving our cost structure by hiring personnel in countries where advanced technical expertise is available at lower costs. We may also experience increased competition for employees in these countries as the trend toward globalization continues, which may affect our employee retention efforts and increase our expenses. Our stock-based compensation program is a key component of the compensation package we provide to attract and retain talented employees. We recognize that restricted stock-based awards and stock options dilute existing stockholders and have sought to control the number of stock-based awards granted while providing competitive compensation packages. We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditures, and contractual obligation requirements.