You should carefully consider the risks described below in addition to the other information set forth in this annual report on Form 10-K. Demand for our products may be adversely affected by changes in consumer preferences or any inability on our part to innovate or market our products effectively, and any significant reduction in demand could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We rely on continued demand for our products and therefore must sell products that appeal to our customers and consumers. In general, changes in consumption in our product categories or consumer demographics could result in reduced demand for our products. Demand for our products depends in part on our ability to anticipate and effectively respond to shifts in consumer trends and preferences, including increased demand for products that meet the needs of consumers who are concerned with health and wellness, convenience, or the environmental impact related to the production of our products. Our failure to make the right strategic investments to drive innovation or successfully launch new products or variants of existing products could decrease demand for our existing products by negatively affecting consumer perception of our existing brands. Our business is subject to various laws and regulations administered by federal, state, and local governmental agencies, and compliance with these laws and regulations may change, sometimes dramatically and unexpectedly, as a result of political, economic, or social events. Changes in regulatory requirements may result in higher compliance costs and could adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, or results of operations. Our ability, and that of our suppliers and other third parties, to make, manufacture, transport, distribute, and sell products in our portfolio is critical to our success. Damage or disruption to our or their operations due to adverse weather conditions, government action, economic or political uncertainties, fire, terrorism, health epidemics, supply and commodity shortages, or other reasons beyond our control could impair our ability to function effectively. Failure to take adequate steps to mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such events, or to effectively manage such events if they occur, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We are exposed to market risks arising from adverse changes in commodity prices, foreign exchange rates, and interest rates. In the normal course of business, we manage these risks through a variety of strategies, including productivity initiatives, global purchasing programs, and hedging. Our productivity initiatives