Our business is subject to numerous risks as a result of our having significant operations and sales in international markets, including foreign currency fluctuations, currency exchange or pricing controls and localized volatility. We must be able to successfully manage such controls, continue existing business operations and repatriate earnings from overseas, or if new or increased tariffs, quotas, exchange or price controls, trade barriers or similar restrictions are imposed on our business outside the U.S. Additionally, our business, operations or employees may be adversely affected by political volatility, labor market disruptions or other crises or vulnerabilities in individual countries or regions, including political instability or upheaval, broad economic instability or sovereign risk related to a default by or deterioration in the credit worthiness of local governments, particularly in emerging markets. Uncertain global economic conditions may adversely impact demand for our products or cause our customers and other business partners to suffer financial hardship, which could adversely impact our business. Our ability to meet our customers' needs and achieve cost targets depends on our ability to maintain key manufacturing and supply arrangements, including execution of our previously-announced supply chain simplifications and certain sole supplier or sole manufacturing plant arrangements. The loss or disruption of such manufacturing and supply arrangements could interrupt product supply and, if not effectively managed and remedied, have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our ability to achieve our business objectives is dependent on how well we can compete with our local and global competitors in new and existing markets and channels. The consumer products industry is highly competitive, and we experience ongoing competitive pressures in the environments in which we operate, as well as challenges in maintaining profit margins. To address these challenges, we must be able to successfully respond to competitive factors, including pricing, promotional incentives and trade terms. Our success is dependent on our ability to successfully manage relationships with our retail trade customers, which includes our ability to offer trade terms that are mutually acceptable and are aligned with our pricing and profitability targets. Continued consolidation among our retail customers could create significant cost and margin pressure on our business, and our business performance could suffer if we cannot reach agreement with a key customer based on our trade terms and principles. The company's reputation, and the reputation of our brands, form the foundation of our relationships with key stakeholders and other constituencies, including consumers, customers and suppliers. If we are unable to effectively manage real or perceived issues, including concerns about safety, quality, ingredients, efficacy or similar matters, sentiments toward the company or our products could be negatively impacted and our financial results could suffer. We rely on third parties in many aspects of our business, which creates additional risk. If we are unable to effectively manage our third party relationships and the agreements under which our third party partners operate, our financial results could suffer. An information security incident, including a cybersecurity breach, or the failure of one or more key information technology systems could have a material adverse impact on our business or reputation. We continue to assess potential threats and make investments seeking to address these threats, including monitoring of networks and systems and upgrading skills, employee training and security policies for the company and its third-party providers. However, we may face difficulties in anticipating and implementing adequate preventative measures. The costs and operational consequences of responding to breaches and implementing remediation measures could be significant. Our financial projections assume certain ongoing productivity improvements and cost savings, including staffing adjustments as well as employee departures. Failure to deliver these planned productivity improvements and cost savings, while continuing to invest in business growth, could adversely impact our financial results.