The following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with evaluating our business and the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report on Form 10-K. Our business faces significant governmental action aimed at increasing regulatory requirements with the goal of reducing or preventing the use of tobacco products. These factors have resulted in reduced industry volume in many of our markets, and we expect that such factors will continue to reduce consumption levels and increase down-trading and the risk of counterfeiting. Our ability to grow profitability may be limited by our inability to introduce new products, enter new markets, or improve our margins through higher pricing and improvements in our brand and geographic mix. We may be unable to anticipate changes in consumer preferences or to respond to consumer behavior influenced by economic downturns. Our tobacco business is subject to changes in consumer preferences, which may be influenced by local economic conditions. We must anticipate and respond to new consumer trends, develop new products and markets, and ensure adequate production capacity to meet demand for our products. Our operating income could be significantly affected by regulatory initiatives resulting in a significant decrease in demand for our brands. We may be required to replace third-party contract manufacturers or service providers with our own resources, which could increase our costs significantly. The failure of our information systems to function as intended or their penetration by outside parties could result in business disruption, litigation, and regulatory action, and loss of revenue. We have backup systems and business continuity plans in place, and we take care to protect our systems and data from unauthorized access. Nevertheless, failure of our systems to function as intended could place us at a competitive disadvantage. Our results may be influenced by economic, regulatory, and political developments, natural disasters, or conflicts. Such developments could disrupt our supply chain, manufacturing capabilities, or distribution capabilities, leading to loss of property or equipment critical to our business. We may not be able to detect all potential improper or unlawful conduct by our employees and international partners. We face intense competition, and our failure to compete effectively could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and results of operations. The competitive environment and our competitive position can be significantly influenced by weak economic conditions, erosion of consumer confidence, and product regulation. We may be unsuccessful in our attempts to introduce reduced-risk products, and regulators may not permit the commercialization of these products or health-related claims. Our ability to implement our strategy of attracting and retaining the best global talent may be impaired by the decreasing social acceptance of cigarette smoking. Our profit growth may suffer if we are unable to introduce new products or enter new markets successfully. We cannot predict the outcome of governmental investigations or whether additional investigations may be commenced, and it is possible that our business could be materially affected by an unfavorable outcome of pending or future investigations. Our ability to receive payments from foreign subsidiaries could be restricted by local country currency exchange controls, which could subject us to the risks of local currency devaluation and business disruption.