We operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. Economic conditions in the U.S. and international markets could adversely affect our business and financial results. Our results of operations are sensitive to changes in macro-economic conditions. Our success depends substantially on the value of our brands and failure to preserve their value could have a negative impact on our financial results. Business incidents that erode consumer trust, such as actual or perceived breaches of privacy or food safety issues, can significantly reduce brand value and have a negative impact on our financial results. Our ability to effectively manage our business and coordinate the production, distribution, administration, and sale of our products depends significantly on the reliability, integrity, and capacity of our information technology systems. We rely heavily on information technology in our operations, and any material failure, inadequacy, interruption, or security failure of that technology could harm our ability to effectively operate our business and could adversely affect our financial results. We may not be successful in implementing important strategic initiatives or effectively managing growth, which may have an adverse impact on our business and financial results. The specialty coffee market is intensely competitive, and we face significant and increasing competition in all these areas in each of our channels and markets. Our financial performance is highly dependent on our Americas operating segment, and if the revenue trends slow or decline, our other segments may be unable to make up any significant shortfall. We are increasingly dependent on the success of certain international markets in order to achieve our growth targets. Our future growth increasingly depends on the growth and sustained profitability of certain international markets, which may not be successful in their operations or in achieving expected growth. A decline in performance of one or more of our significant international markets could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results. We face intense competition in each of our channels and markets, which could lead to reduced profitability. Our financial condition and results of operations are sensitive to, and may be adversely affected by, a number of factors, many of which are largely outside our control. Interruption of our supply chain could affect our ability to produce or deliver our products and could negatively impact our business and profitability. Our ability to find qualified suppliers and vendors who meet our standards and supply products in a timely and efficient manner is a significant challenge. The loss of key personnel or difficulties recruiting and retaining qualified personnel could adversely impact our business and financial results. We must continue to recruit, retain, and motivate management and other employees sufficiently to maintain our current business and to execute our strategic initiatives. Our policies and procedures are designed to comply with all applicable laws, and failure to comply could harm our business and financial results. We continue to make significant investments in technology, third-party services, and personnel to develop and implement systems and processes that are designed to anticipate cyber-attacks and to prevent or minimize breaches of our information technology systems or data loss. Our incident response, disaster recovery, and business continuity plans must resolve issues effectively to avoid material negative impacts to our product availability and sales, the efficiency of our operations, and our financial results.