This report contains statements referring to us that are not historical facts and are considered "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties discussed below that could materially and adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition, and results of operations. We face uncertainties that might result from modification or repeal of any of the provisions of the Affordable Care Act, including as a result of current and future executive orders and legislative actions. We are subject to extensive governmental regulation relating to the manufacturing, labeling, and marketing of our products, and the process of obtaining regulatory approvals can be costly and time-consuming. We may experience loss of market share, additional expense, and harm to our reputation due to interruptions in manufacturing operations, which could adversely affect our ability to meet customer demand. Our reliance on certain suppliers exposes us to product shortages and unanticipated increases in prices, which could adversely impact our competitive position. We are subject to cost containment measures resulting in pricing pressures and must navigate a highly competitive industry where technological advances by competitors could render our products obsolete. Our ability to maintain close working relationships with healthcare professionals is crucial for product development and improvement; if we are unable to maintain these relationships, our ability to develop, market, and sell new and improved products could be adversely affected. We are exposed to potential product liability risks inherent in the design, manufacture, and marketing of medical devices, which could result in significant legal expenses regardless of liability. We rely extensively on information technology systems to conduct business, and numerous cybersecurity threats pose potential risks to the security of our IT systems, networks, and services. If our IT systems are damaged or cease to function properly, we may be exposed to reputational, competitive, and business harm as well as litigation and regulatory action. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including operating requirements, current and future acquisitions, and the need to refinance existing debt. We may be unable to attract and retain key employees, which could adversely affect our strategic business objectives. We have made investments seeking to address cybersecurity threats, including monitoring of networks and systems, hiring of experts, and employee training. Our financial condition continues to be of high quality, as evidenced by our ability to generate substantial cash from operations and ready access to capital markets at competitive rates. We anticipate being able to support our short-term liquidity and operating needs from a variety of sources, including cash from operations and existing credit lines. We continue to have strong investment-grade short-term and long-term debt ratings that should enable us to refinance our debt as needed. Our assessment as to the useful lives of intangible assets is based on various factors, including competitive environment and market share, which are integral to understanding our results of operations and financial condition. Future changes in the judgments, assumptions, and estimates used in our impairment testing could result in significantly different estimates of fair values, potentially leading to impairment charges that could materially affect our results of operations.