The risks that follow are those that we think, individually or in the aggregate, could cause our actual results to differ materially from those stated or implied in forward-looking statements. Failure to execute our opportunistic buying strategy and inventory management could adversely affect our results. Our business model expects our merchants to react to frequently changing opportunities and trends in the market, assess the desirability and value of merchandise, and generally make determinations of how and what we source as well as when we source it. If we do not obtain the right merchandise at the right times, in the right quantities, at the right prices and in the right mix, our customer traffic, as well as our sales and margins, could be adversely affected. We must also properly execute our inventory management strategy of distributing the right product to the right stores in the right quantities at the right time. To respond to customer demand and effectively manage pricing and markdowns, we need to appropriately allocate and deliver merchandise to our stores, maintain an appropriate mix and level of inventory in each store, and appropriately change the allocation of floor space at our stores among product categories. Failure to continue to expand our business and operations successfully or to manage our substantial size and scale effectively could adversely affect our financial results. Our growth strategy includes successfully expanding our off-price model within our current markets and into new geographic regions, product lines, businesses and channels. There are significant risks associated with our ability to continue to expand successfully, including managing the implementation of this growth effectively. If any aspect of our expansion strategy does not achieve the success we expect, in whole or in part, we may fail to meet our financial performance expectations. The large size and scale of our operations increase the risk that our systems, controls, practices and policies will not be implemented effectively or consistently throughout our company and that information may not be appropriately shared across our operations. If business information is not shared effectively, or if we are otherwise unable to manage our size or growth effectively, we may operate with decreased operational efficiency. Failure to identify consumer trends and preferences to meet customer demand in new or existing markets or channels could negatively impact our performance. Our success depends on our ability to meet customer demand and to offer inventory that meets those trends and preferences. However, doing so on a timely basis across our diverse merchandise categories and in the many markets in which we do business is challenging. Meeting customer expectations effectively involves identifying the right opportunities and making the right investments at the right time and with the right speed. If we fail to successfully implement our various marketing efforts or if our competitors are more effective with their programs than we are, our revenue or results of operations may be adversely affected. We operate in highly competitive markets, and we may not be able to compete effectively. Our performance depends on recruiting, hiring, developing, training and retaining talented associates in key areas. If we do not effectively attract qualified individuals, train them in our business model, support their development and retain them, our growth could be limited and our performance could be adversely affected. Our approach to disaster recovery may not be adequate and any compromises, interruptions or shutdowns of our systems could lead to delays in our business operations. Our business is subject to seasonal influences, and any significant adverse event that impacts our business during the second half of the year could have a disproportionately adverse effect on our operating results. Unforeseen public health issues, natural or other disasters could disrupt our operations or the operations of one or more of our vendors or of our supply chain. Damage to our corporate reputation could adversely affect our sales and operating results.