You should carefully consider the risks described below together with the other information set forth in this report, which could materially affect our business, financial condition and future results. We have experienced in the past, and may experience in the future, significant delays or other complications in the design, manufacture, launch and production ramp of new vehicles and other products such as our energy storage products and the solar roof, which could harm our brand, business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. If unexpected issues arise or recur with respect to any of our production vehicles, we may experience further delays. Our future business depends in large part on our ability to execute on our plans to develop, manufacture, market and sell the model 3 vehicle, which we intend to offer at a lower price point and to produce at significantly higher volumes than our present production capabilities for the model s or model x vehicles. We will also need to do extensive testing to ensure that model 3 is in compliance with our quality standards and applicable regulations prior to beginning mass production and delivery of the vehicles. Moreover, our model 3 production plan will also require significant investments of cash and management resources. Our plans call for significant increases in vehicle production and deliveries to high volumes in a short amount of time. Our ability to achieve these plans will depend upon a number of factors, including our ability to add production lines and capacity as planned while maintaining our desired quality levels and optimize design and production changes, and our suppliers' ability to support our needs. Concurrent with the significant planned increase in our vehicle production levels, we will also need to continue to significantly increase deliveries of our vehicles. We are dependent on our suppliers, the majority of which are single source suppliers, and the inability of these suppliers to deliver necessary components of our products in a timely manner at prices, quality levels, and volumes acceptable to us, or our inability to efficiently manage these components, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. Changes in our supply chain have also resulted in the past, and may result in the future, in increased cost. We expect the foregoing discussion to apply generally to model 3. However, because we plan to produce model 3 at significantly higher volumes than model s or model x, the negative impact of any delays or other constraints with respect to our suppliers for model 3 could be substantially greater than any such issues experienced with respect to our products to date. If we are unable to accurately match the timing and quantities of component purchases to our actual production plans or capabilities, or successfully implement automation, inventory management and other systems to accommodate the increased complexity in our supply chain, we may have to incur unexpected storage, transportation and write-off costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. Our growth is highly dependent upon the adoption by consumers of alternative fuel vehicles in general and electric vehicles in particular. We believe that demand for our energy products will continue to increase. We plan to reduce customer acquisition costs by cutting advertising spend and increasingly selling solar products in tesla stores. Our future operating results depend to a large extent on our ability to manage our expansion and growth successfully. We may not be successful in undertaking this global expansion if we are unable to control expenses and avoid cost overruns and other unexpected operating costs; establish sufficient worldwide sales, service and supercharger facilities in a timely manner; adapt our products to meet local requirements; implement the required infrastructure, systems and processes; and find and hire a significant number of additional manufacturing, engineering, service, electrical installation, construction and administrative personnel. If we fail to manage our growth effectively, it could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition.