The health care market continues to change based on demographic shifts, new regulations, political forces, and both payer and patient expectations. Health plans and care providers are being called upon to work together to close gaps in care and improve overall care quality, improve the health of populations, and reduce costs. We continue to see a greater number of people enrolled in plans with underlying incentive-based care provider payment models that reward high-quality, affordable care and foster collaboration. Our relationships with these government agencies are subject to the terms of contracts that we hold with the agencies and to laws and regulations regarding government contracts. The ongoing pressure on Medicare Advantage funding places continued importance on effective medical management and ongoing improvements in administrative efficiency. We seek to intensify our medical and operating cost management, make changes to the size and composition of our care provider networks, adjust members' benefits, implement or increase the member premiums that supplement the monthly payments we receive from the government, and decide on a county-by-county basis where we will offer Medicare Advantage plans. Our businesses compete throughout the United States, Brazil, and other foreign markets and face significant competition in all of the geographic markets in which we operate. We are routinely subject to various litigation actions due to the nature of our business, which could damage our reputation and, if resolved unfavorably, could result in substantial penalties or monetary damages. We must also obtain and maintain regulatory approvals to market many of our products and services, increase prices for certain regulated products and services, and complete certain acquisitions and dispositions or integrate certain acquisitions. Our ability to price adequately our products and services, to provide effective service to our customers in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion, and to report accurately our results of operations depends on the integrity of the data in our information systems. Our process of consolidating the number of systems we operate, upgrading and expanding our information systems capabilities, enhancing our systems, and developing new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology may not be successful. If we fail to protect, consolidate, and integrate our systems successfully, it could result in higher than expected costs and diversion of management's time and energy, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. We are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may materially and adversely affect our ability to market our products and services or to do so at targeted margins, or may increase the regulatory burdens under which we operate. The laws and rules governing our business and interpretations of those laws and rules are subject to frequent change, and the integration into our businesses of entities that we acquire may affect the way in which existing laws and rules apply to us, including subjecting us to laws and rules that did not previously apply to us. We continue to take a prudent, market-sustainable posture for both new business and maintenance of existing relationships. We advocate for actuarially sound rates that are commensurate with our medical cost trends and remain dedicated to partnering with those states that are committed to the long-term viability of their programs.