item 1a. risk factors in addition to the other information in this report, the following risk factors should be considered before deciding to invest in any of abbott's securities. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to abbott, or risks abbott currently considers immaterial, could also affect abbott's actual results. abbott's business, financial condition, results of operations, or prospects could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks.
business and operational risks disruptions to abbott's global supply chain, which is large and complex, could negatively affect abbott's results of operations.
abbott's operations and performance depend on its ability to manage its large and complex global supply chain. the covid-19 pandemic has contributed to global supply chain disruptions, which have adversely impacted the cost and availability of certain raw materials, supplies, and services. while abbott has taken actions to offset some of these inflationary pressures in its supply chain, abbott may not be able to completely offset all the increases in its operational costs. further, abbott has experienced, and may continue to experience, availability issues with some services, operations, and materials used in its products. to date, abbott has been able to manage the various supply chain challenges without significant supply disruption or shortage for services, raw materials and supplies. the future extent to which supply chain disruptions may have a material effect on abbott's operating results is uncertain. a more detailed discussion on the supply chain disruptions impact on abbott's business is contained in the "financial review" section in item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of this report.
abbott may acquire other businesses, license rights to technologies or products, form alliances, or dispose of or spin-off businesses, which could cause it to incur significant expenses and could negatively affect profitability.
from time to time, abbott pursues acquisitions, licensing arrangements, and strategic alliances, or dispose of or spin-off some of its businesses, as part of its business strategy. abbott may not complete these transactions in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis, or at all, and may not realize the expected benefits. if abbott is successful in making an acquisition, the products and technologies that are acquired may not be successful or may require significantly greater resources and investments than originally anticipated. abbott may not be able to integrate acquisitions successfully into its existing business or transition disposed businesses efficiently, and could incur or assume significant debt and unknown or contingent liabilities. abbott could also experience negative effects on its reported results of operations from acquisition or disposition-related charges, amortization of expenses related to intangibles and charges for impairment of long-term assets. these effects could cause a deterioration of abbott's credit rating, result in increased borrowing costs and interest expense, and decrease liquidity.
abbott depends on sophisticated information technology systems and maintains protected personal data, and a cyber attack or other breach affecting these information technology systems or protected data could have a material adverse effect on abbott's results of operations.
similar to other large multi-national companies, the size and complexity of the information technology systems on which abbott relies for both its infrastructure and products make them susceptible to a cyber attack, malicious intrusion, breakdown, destruction, loss of data privacy, or other significant disruption. these systems have been and are expected to continue to be the target of malware and other cyber attacks. in addition, third party hacking attempts may cause abbott's information technology systems and related products, protected data, or proprietary information to be compromised or stolen. a significant attack or other disruption could result in adverse consequences, including increased costs and expenses, manufacturing challenges or disruption, problems with product availability, functionality or safety, damage to customer relations, reputational damage, lost revenue, and legal or regulatory penalties.
abbott also collects, manages and processes protected personal data, including protected health information, in connection with certain medical products and service offerings. abbott is subject to certain regional and local data protection laws that prohibit or restrict the transfer of protected data across country borders. for additional information concerning data privacy and security regulation, see the discussion in "regulation" under item 1, "business." a breach of protected personal information could result in adverse consequences, including regulatory inquiries or litigation, increased costs and expenses, reputational damage, lost revenue, and fines or penalties.
abbott invests in its systems and technology and in the protection of its products and data to reduce the risk of an attack or other significant disruption, and monitors its systems on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats or vulnerabilities and for changes in technology and the regulatory environment. there can be no assurance that these measures and efforts will prevent future attacks or other significant disruptions to any of the systems on which abbott relies or that related product issues will not arise in the future. similarly, there can be no assurance that third party information technology providers or other partners with whom abbott contracts will not suffer a significant attack or disruption that impacts customers like abbott. any significant breach, attack or other disruption involving abbott's systems or products could have a material adverse effect on abbott's business.
abbott's research and development efforts may not succeed in developing commercially successful products and technologies, which may cause abbott's revenue and profitability to decline.
to remain competitive, abbott must continue to launch new products and technologies. to accomplish this, abbott commits substantial efforts, funds, and other resources to research and development. a risk of failure is inherent in the research and development of new products and technologies. abbott must make ongoing substantial expenditures without any assurance that its efforts will be commercially successful. failure can occur at any point in the process, including after significant funds have been invested.
promising new products and technologies may fail to reach the market or may only have limited commercial success because of efficacy or safety concerns, failure to achieve positive clinical outcomes, inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals, limited scope of approved uses, excessive costs to manufacture, failure to establish or maintain intellectual property rights, or infringement of the intellectual property rights of others. even if abbott successfully develops new products or enhancements or new generations of abbott's existing products, they may be quickly rendered obsolete by changing customer preferences, changing industry or regulatory standards, or competitors' innovations. innovations may not be accepted quickly in the marketplace because of, among other things, entrenched patterns of clinical practice or uncertainty over third-party reimbursement. abbott cannot state with certainty when or whether any of its products under development will be launched, whether it will be able to develop, license, or otherwise acquire compounds or products, or whether any products will be commercially successful. failure to launch successful new products or technologies, or new indications or uses for existing products, may cause abbott's products or technologies to become obsolete, causing abbott's revenues and operating results to suffer.
the manufacture of many of abbott's products is a highly exacting and complex process, and if abbott or one of its suppliers or manufacturers encounters problems manufacturing products, abbott's business could suffer.
the manufacture of many of abbott's products is a highly exacting and complex process, due in part to strict regulatory requirements. problems may arise during manufacturing for a variety of reasons, including equipment malfunction, failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, problems with raw materials or the global supply chain, failure to meet product specifications, cyber attacks, natural disasters, and environmental factors. in addition, single suppliers are currently used for certain products and materials. if problems arise during the production of a lot or batch of product, those products may have to be discarded. if problems are not discovered before the product is released to the market, recall and product liability costs may also be incurred. any of these events could, among other things, lead to increased costs, lost revenue, damage to customer relations, reputational damage, time and expense spent investigating the cause and remediating the problem, if any, a production stoppage at a manufacturing facility, and depending on the cause, similar losses with respect to other lots, batches or products. to the extent abbott or one of its suppliers or manufacturers experiences significant manufacturing problems, this could have a material adverse effect on abbott's revenues and profitability.
abbott has significant indebtedness, which could adversely affect its business, including decreasing its business flexibility.
as of december 31, 2022, abbott's consolidated indebtedness was approximately $16.8 billion. this consolidated indebtedness could have the effect, among other things, of reducing abbott's flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions, and reducing funds available for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, and other general corporate purposes.
further, abbott may be required to raise additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, future acquisitions or other general corporate purposes. abbott's ability to arrange additional financing or refinancing will depend on, among other factors, abbott's financial position and performance, as well as prevailing market conditions and other factors beyond abbott's control. consequently, abbott cannot assure that it will be able to obtain additional financing or refinancing on terms acceptable to abbott or at all, which could adversely impact abbott's ability to make scheduled payments with respect to its consolidated indebtedness and its profitability and financial condition.
additionally, further borrowing could cause a deterioration of abbott's credit ratings. abbott's credit ratings reflect each credit rating agency's then opinion of abbott's financial strength, operating performance, and ability to meet its debt obligations. adverse changes in abbott's credit ratings may result in increased borrowing costs for future long-term debt or short-term borrowing facilities and may limit financing options, including access to the unsecured borrowing market. abbott may also be subject to additional restrictive covenants that would reduce flexibility.
legal and regulatory risks abbott is subject to numerous governmental regulations and it is costly to comply with these regulations and to develop compliant products and processes.
abbott's products are subject to rigorous regulation by the fda and numerous international, supranational, federal, and state authorities. the process of obtaining regulatory approvals to market a drug, medical device, diagnostic product, or nutritional product can be costly and time-consuming, and approvals might not be granted for future products, or additional indications or uses of existing products, on a timely basis, if at all. delays in the receipt of, or failure to obtain, approvals for future products, or new indications and uses, could result in delayed realization of product revenues, reduction in revenues, and substantial additional costs.
in addition, no assurance can be given that abbott will remain in compliance with applicable fda and other regulatory requirements once approval or marketing authorization has been obtained for a product. these requirements include, among other things, regulations regarding manufacturing practices, product labeling, and advertising and postmarketing reporting, including adverse event reports and field alerts. many of abbott's facilities and procedures and those of abbott's suppliers are subject to ongoing regulation, including periodic inspection by the fda and other regulatory authorities. abbott must incur expense and spend time and effort to ensure compliance with these complex regulations. possible regulatory actions for non-compliance include warning letters, fines, damages, injunctions, civil penalties, recalls, consent decrees, seizures of abbott's products, and criminal prosecution.
these actions could result in, among other things, substantial modifications to abbott's business practices and operations; refunds, recalls, or seizures of abbott's products; a total or partial shutdown of production in one or more facilities while abbott or abbott's suppliers remedy the alleged violation; the inability to obtain future pre-market approvals or marketing authorizations; and withdrawals or suspensions of current products from the market. any of these events could disrupt abbott's business and have a material adverse effect on abbott's revenues, profitability, cash flows, and financial condition. for information on abbott's voluntary recall in february 2022 of certain powder infant formula products manufactured at its facility in sturgis, michigan, the manufacturing stoppage at such facility, and the consent decree that abbott entered into with the fda on may 16, 2022, see the discussion in the "financial review" section in item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of this report.
laws and regulations affecting government benefit programs could impose new obligations on abbott, require abbott to change its business practices, and restrict its operations.
abbott's industry is subject to various international, supranational, federal, and state laws and regulations pertaining to government benefit program reimbursement, price reporting and regulation, and health care fraud and abuse, including anti-kickback and false claims laws, and international and individual state laws relating to pricing and sales and marketing practices. violations of these laws may be punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions, including, in some instances, substantial fines, imprisonment, and exclusion from participation in government health care programs, including medicare, medicaid, and veterans administration health programs in the u.s. these laws and regulations are broad in scope and they are subject to evolving interpretations, which could require abbott to incur substantial costs associated with compliance or to alter one or more of its sales or marketing practices. in addition, violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt abbott's business and result in a material adverse effect on abbott's revenues, profitability, and financial condition.
changes in the health care regulatory environment may adversely impact the demand for and price of abbott's products.
both in the u.s. and internationally, government authorities may enact changes in regulatory requirements, make legislative or administrative reforms to existing reimbursement programs, make adverse decisions relating to abbott's products' coverage or reimbursement, or make changes to patient access to health care, all of which could adversely impact the demand for and usage of abbott's products or the prices that abbott's customers are willing to pay for them.
further, in the u.s., a number of the provisions of the affordable care act and the health care and education reconciliation act of 2010 address access to health care products and services. these provisions may be modified, expanded, repealed, or otherwise invalidated, in whole or in part. future rulemaking could affect rebates, prices or the rate of price increases for health care products and services, or required reporting and disclosure. abbott cannot predict the timing or impact of any future rulemaking or changes in the law.
for additional information concerning health care regulation, see the discussion in "regulation" under item 1, "business."
the expiration or loss of intellectual property protection and licenses may affect abbott's future revenues and operating income.
many of abbott's businesses rely on patent and trademark and other intellectual property protection. although most of the challenges to abbott's intellectual property have come from other companies, governments may also challenge intellectual property protections. to the extent abbott's intellectual property is successfully challenged, invalidated, or circumvented or to the extent it does not allow abbott to compete effectively, abbott's businesses could suffer. to the extent that countries do not enforce abbott's intellectual property rights, abbott's future revenues and operating income could be reduced. any material litigation regarding abbott's patents and trademarks is described in the section captioned "legal proceedings."
significant safety concerns could arise for abbott's products, which could have a material adverse effect on abbott's revenues and financial condition.
health care products typically receive regulatory approval based on data obtained in controlled clinical trials of limited duration. following regulatory approval, these products will be used over longer periods of time in many patients. investigators may also conduct additional, and perhaps more extensive, studies. when new safety concerns are reported, abbott may be required to amend the conditions of use for a product. for example, abbott may be required to provide additional warnings on a product's label or narrow its approved intended use, either of which could reduce the product's market acceptance. if serious safety concerns arise with an abbott product, sales of the product have been and could be halted by abbott or by regulatory authorities. safety concerns affecting suppliers' or competitors' products also may reduce the market acceptance of abbott's products.
in addition, in the ordinary course of business, abbott is the subject of product liability claims and lawsuits alleging that its products or the products of other companies that abbott promotes have resulted or could result in an unsafe condition for, or injury to, patients. product liability claims and lawsuits, safety alerts or product recalls, and other allegations of product safety or quality issues, regardless of their validity or ultimate outcome, may have a material adverse effect on abbott's business and reputation and on abbott's ability to attract and retain customers. consequences may also include additional costs, a decrease in market share for the products, lower income or exposure to other claims. product liability losses are self-insured and could have a material adverse effect on abbott's profitability, cash flows, and financial condition.
economic and industry risks abbott is subject to risks related to public health crises, such as widespread outbreaks of infectious diseases like the covid-19 pandemic, which has had, and may continue to have, a material effect on abbott's business, financial condition and results of operations.
as a global healthcare company, public health crises, such as the widespread outbreaks of infectious diseases like the covid-19 pandemic, may negatively impact certain of abbott's operations. health concerns and significant changes in political or economic conditions caused by such outbreaks can cause, and during the covid-19 pandemic have caused, significant reductions in demand for certain products, increased difficulty in serving customers, disruptions to manufacturing and supply chains, and negative effects on certain of abbott's operations as well as the operations of its suppliers, distributors and other third-party partners. furthermore, such widespread outbreaks may impact, and during the covid-19 pandemic have impacted, the broader economies of affected countries, including negatively impacting economic growth, the proper functioning of financial and capital markets, inflation rates (including in the u.s.), foreign currency exchange rates, and interest rates. in addition, the covid-19 pandemic has contributed to global supply chain disruptions, which have adversely impacted the cost and availability of certain raw materials, supplies, and services.
with regard to covid-19 diagnostic testing, the fda issued emergency use authorizations (euas) for several covid‐19 related products in 2020 and 2021, including abbott diagnostic tests. euas are authorized pursuant to an eua declaration under the u.s. food, drug, and cosmetic act and remain in effect until the secretary of the u.s. department of health and human services terminates the eua declaration or unless sooner terminated or revoked. abbott is actively pursuing the fda's customary regulatory approval process for various covid-19 diagnostic tests which has uncertainty as discussed in "abbott is subject to numerous governmental regulations and it can be costly to comply with these regulations and to develop compliant products and processes." in "legal and regulatory risks" under "item 1a. risk factors." on january 30, 2023, the u.s. announced that it plans to end the public health emergency on may 11, 2023. abbott is evaluating the potential impacts of the end of the public health emergency, and it will continue to monitor further regulatory actions from relevant u.s. government agencies and assess potential impacts on pandemic-related government policies and product authorizations. further, the demand for covid-19 tests has been volatile over the last two years as the number of covid-19 cases has fluctuated during the period. abbott expects the covid-19 pandemic to shift to an endemic state in 2023, which would likely result in significantly lower demand for covid-19 tests.
due to the unpredictability of the covid-19 pandemic, including how and when it will shift to an endemic state, the extent to which covid-19 will continue to have a material effect on abbott's business, financial condition or results of operations is uncertain. a more detailed discussion on the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on abbott's business is contained in the "financial review" section in item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of this report.
abbott is subject to cost containment efforts that could cause a reduction in future revenues and operating income.
in the united states and other countries, abbott's businesses have experienced downward pressure on certain product pricing. cost containment efforts by governments and private organizations are described in greater detail in the section captioned "regulation." to the extent these cost containment efforts are not offset by greater patient access to health care or other factors, abbott's future revenues and operating income will be reduced.
competitors' intellectual property may prevent abbott from selling its products or have a material adverse effect on abbott's future profitability and financial condition.
in the ordinary course of business, abbott is the subject of patent litigation, such as competitor claims that an abbott product infringes their intellectual property. resolving an intellectual property infringement claim can be costly and time consuming and may require abbott to enter into license agreements. abbott cannot guarantee that it would be able to obtain license agreements on commercially reasonable terms. a successful claim of patent or other intellectual property infringement could subject abbott to significant damages or an injunction preventing the manufacture, sale or use of affected abbott products. any of these events could have a material adverse effect on abbott's profitability and financial condition.
new products and technological advances by abbott's competitors may negatively affect abbott's results of operations.
abbott's products face intense competition from competitive products. competitors' products may be safer, more effective, more effectively marketed or sold, or have lower prices or superior performance features than abbott's products. abbott cannot predict with certainty the timing or impact of the introduction of competitors' products.
fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates has adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect abbott's financial statements and its ability to realize projected sales and earnings.
although abbott's financial statements are denominated in u.s. dollars, a significant portion of abbott's revenues and costs are realized in other currencies. sales outside of the united states in 2022 made up approximately 58 percent of abbott's net sales. abbott's profitability is affected by movement of the u.s. dollar against other currencies. fluctuations in exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and other currencies may also affect the reported value of abbott's assets and liabilities, as well as its cash flows. some foreign currencies are subject to government exchange controls. while abbott enters into hedging arrangements to mitigate some of its foreign currency exposure, abbott cannot predict with any certainty changes in foreign currency exchange rates or its ability to mitigate these risks.
information on the impact of foreign exchange rates on abbott's financial results is contained in the "financial review - results of operations" section in item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of this report. a discussion of the steps taken to mitigate the impact of foreign exchange is contained in item 7a, quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk in abbott's 2022 form 10-k. information on abbott's hedging arrangements is contained in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements in this report.
deterioration in the economic condition and credit quality of certain countries may negatively affect abbott's results of operations.
unfavorable economic conditions in certain countries may increase the time it takes to collect outstanding trade receivables. financial instability and fiscal deficits in these countries may result in additional austerity measures to reduce costs, including health care. deterioration in the quality of sovereign debt, including credit downgrades, could increase abbott's collection risk where a significant amount of abbott's receivables in these countries are with governmental health care systems or where abbott's customers depend on payment by government health care systems.
the international nature of abbott's business subjects it to additional business risks that may cause its revenue and profitability to decline.
abbott's business is subject to risks associated with managing a global supply chain and doing business internationally. sales outside of the united states in 2022 made up approximately 58 percent of abbott's net sales. additional risks associated with abbott's international operations include:
•differing local product preferences and product requirements;
•trade protection measures, including tariffs, import or export licensing requirements, other governmental restrictions such as trade sanctions, and changes to international trade agreements;
•difficulty in establishing, staffing, and managing operations;
•differing labor regulations;
•potentially negative consequences from changes in or interpretations of tax laws;
•political and economic instability, including sovereign debt issues;
•restrictions on local currency conversion and/or cash extraction;
•price controls, limitations on participation in local enterprises, expropriation, nationalization, and other governmental action;
•inflation, recession, and fluctuations in interest rates;
•diminished protection of intellectual property; and
•potential penalties or other adverse consequences for violations of anti-corruption, anti-bribery, and other similar laws and regulations, including the foreign corrupt practices act and the u.k. bribery act.
events contemplated by these risks may, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on abbott's revenues and profitability.
other factors can have a material adverse effect on abbott's future profitability and financial condition.
many other factors can affect abbott's profitability and its financial condition, including:
•changes in or interpretations of laws and regulations, including changes in accounting standards, taxation requirements, product approval standards, product labeling standards, source and use laws, and environmental laws;
•differences between the fair value measurement of assets and liabilities and their actual value, particularly for pensions, retiree health care, stock compensation, intangibles, goodwill, and contingent consideration; and for contingent liabilities such as litigation, the absence of a recorded amount, or an amount recorded at the minimum, compared to the actual amount;
•changes in the rate of inflation (including the cost of raw materials, commodities, and supplies), interest rates, market value of abbott's equity investments, and the performance of investments held by abbott or abbott's employee benefit trusts;
•changes in the creditworthiness of counterparties that transact business with or provide services to abbott or abbott's employee benefit trusts;
•changes in business, economic, and political conditions, including: war, political instability, terrorist attacks, the threat of future terrorist activity and related military action; global climate change, extreme weather and natural disasters; widespread outbreaks of infectious diseases; the cost and availability of insurance due to any of the foregoing events; labor disputes, strikes, slow-downs, or other forms of labor or union activity; and pressure from third-party interest groups;
•changes in abbott's business units and investments and changes in the relative and absolute contribution of each to earnings and cash flow resulting from evolving business strategies, changing product mix, changes in tax laws or tax rates both in the u.s. and abroad and opportunities existing now or in the future;
•changes in the buying patterns of a major distributor, retailer, wholesaler, or other customer resulting from buyer purchasing decisions, pricing, seasonality, or other factors, or other problems with licensors, suppliers, distributors, and business partners; and
•legal difficulties, any of which could preclude or delay commercialization of products or adversely affect profitability, including claims asserting statutory or regulatory violations, and adverse litigation decisions.
many of these factors may manifest individually or collectively, such as russia's invasion of ukraine which resulted in political instability, sanctions, economic and currency volatility, inflation and other operational and supply disruptions. to date, abbott has been able to manage these disruptions without material impact to its results of operations. however, it is difficult to predict the future implications and consequences of the situation on local, regional or global economies and abbott's operations. there could be additional sanctions, economic volatility, cybersecurity threats, political instability, transportation and other supply disruptions, as well as collection default risk or limited availability of resources to conduct essential business processes that could have a material adverse impact to abbott's operations and financial condition. the resolution and long-term impact of this matter are uncertain and difficult to predict.
cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements this form 10-k contains forward-looking statements that are based on management's current expectations, estimates, and projections. words such as "expects," "anticipates," "intends," "plans," "believes," "seeks," "estimates," "forecasts," variations of these words, and similar expressions are intended to identify these forward-looking statements. certain factors, including but not limited to those identified under "item 1a. risk factors" of this form 10-k, may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations, estimates, projections, forecasts, and from past results. no assurance can be made that any expectation, estimate, or projection contained in a forward-looking statement will be achieved or will not be affected by the factors cited above or other unknown or future events. abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as the result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations financial review abbott's revenues are derived primarily from the sale of a broad line of health care products under short-term receivable arrangements. abbott's primary products are medical devices, diagnostic testing products, nutritional products and branded generic pharmaceuticals. patent protection and licenses, technological and performance features, and inclusion of abbott's products under a contract most impact which products are sold; price controls, competition and rebates most impact the net selling prices of products; and the measurement of net sales and costs is impacted by foreign currency translation. sales in international markets comprise 58 percent of consolidated net sales.
the coronavirus (covid-19) pandemic affected abbott's diversified health care businesses in various ways over the 2020 through 2022 period. abbott's diagnostics segment experienced the most significant change in sales from 2020 to 2022 as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. (the diagnostics segment includes the rapid diagnostics, core laboratory diagnostics, molecular diagnostics and point of care diagnostics divisions.) in 2020 and 2021, abbott mobilized its teams across multiple fronts to develop and launch various new diagnostic tests to detect covid-19. rapid diagnostic tests developed by abbott to detect covid-19 included, among others, the following:
•a molecular test on abbott's id now® rapid point-of-care platform launched in march 2020,
•the professional binaxnow® covid-19 ag card test, a portable, lateral flow rapid test launched in august 2020, and
•an over-the-counter, non-prescription binaxnow covid-19 ag self test for individuals with or without symptoms launched in march 2021.
each of these tests was launched in the u.s. pursuant to an emergency use authorization (eua).
outside the u.s., in september 2020, rapid diagnostics launched its panbio® rapid antigen test to detect covid-19 pursuant to a ce mark. in june 2021, abbott announced that it had received ce mark for its over-the-counter panbio covid-19 antigen self-test for individuals with or without symptoms.
in 2020, molecular diagnostics developed and launched molecular tests to detect covid-19 using polymerase chain reaction (pcr) methods on its m2000® realtime lab-based platform and its alinity® m system pursuant to euas in the u.s. and ce marks. molecular diagnostics also developed and launched its multiplex molecular test on its alinity m system to detect covid-19, influenza a, influenza b, and respiratory syncytial virus (rsv) in one test. this multiplex molecular test was launched pursuant to a ce mark in december 2020 and an eua in the u.s. in march 2021.
in 2020 and 2021, core laboratory diagnostics developed and launched various lab-based serology blood tests on its architect® i1000sr® and architect i2000sr® laboratory instruments and on its alinity i system for the detection of an antibody to determine if someone was previously infected with the covid-19 virus. the tests were launched under euas in the u.s. and ce marks.
abbott's covid-19 testing-related sales totaled approximately $8.4 billion in 2022, $7.7 billion in 2021, and $3.9 billion in 2020, led by sales related to abbott's binaxnow, panbio and id now rapid testing platforms. the demand for covid-19 tests has been volatile over the last two years as the number of covid-19 cases, especially in the u.s., has fluctuated during this period. on january 30, 2023, the u.s. government announced that it plans to end the covid-19 public health emergency on may 11, 2023. abbott is evaluating the potential impacts of the end of the public health emergency, and it will continue to monitor further regulatory actions from relevant u.s. government agencies and assess potential impacts on pandemic-related government policies and product authorizations. abbott expects the covid-19 pandemic to shift to an endemic state in 2023, which would likely result in significantly lower demand for covid-19 tests. due to the unpredictability of the pandemic, including how and when it will shift to an endemic state, the extent to which covid-19 will have a material effect on abbott's business, financial condition or results of operations is uncertain.
with respect to other products sold by the diagnostics segment, demand for routine diagnostic testing generally fluctuated with changes in the number of covid-19 cases in various geographic regions throughout the 2020 - 2022 period. across abbott's cardiovascular and neuromodulation businesses, procedure volumes were negatively impacted in 2021 and 2022 by surges of covid-19 in various geographies as well as intermittent covid-19 lockdown restrictions and healthcare staffing challenges. despite such challenges, overall volume trends improved in several cardiovascular businesses in 2021 and 2022. while abbott's branded generic pharmaceuticals business was also negatively affected by the pandemic in 2020 as covid-19 spread across emerging market countries, volumes recovered and grew in 2021 and 2022. abbott's nutritional and diabetes care businesses were the least affected by the pandemic.
abbott is continually monitoring the effects of the pandemic on its operations. throughout the pandemic, abbott has continued to ensure that its operations throughout the world are aligned with the specific governmental orders and guidelines affecting each location. abbott has taken aggressive steps to limit exposure to covid-19 and enhance the safety of facilities for its employees.
while abbott's 2022 and 2021 sales were most significantly affected by the covid-19 pandemic, the increase in total sales since 2020 also reflects the introduction of new products across various businesses as well as higher sales of various existing products. sales in emerging markets, which represent approximately 35 percent of total company sales, increased 5.6 percent in 2022 and 19.6 percent in 2021, excluding the impact of foreign exchange. (emerging markets include all countries except the united states, western europe, japan, canada, australia and new zealand.)
in u.s. pediatric nutritionals, abbott initiated a voluntary recall in february 2022 of certain infant powder formula products manufactured at its facility in sturgis, michigan and stopped production at the facility. on may 16, 2022, abbott entered into a consent decree with the u.s. food and drug administration (fda) on the steps necessary to resume production and maintain the sturgis facility and operations. on july 1, abbott restarted partial production at the facility beginning with its specialty formula elecare® and metabolic formulas. subsequently, abbott restarted similac® production. the consent decree does not affect any other abbott plants or operations.
in 2022, abbott took various actions to mitigate the impact of the recall on the supply of formula in the u.s. these actions included the shipment of infant formula powder into the u.s. from abbott's fda-registered facility in ireland; prioritization of infant formula production at its columbus, ohio facility; conversion of other liquid manufacturing lines into manufacturing similac liquid ready-to-feed product; increased production of powder infant formula at its casa grande, arizona manufacturing site; and importation of product from its facility in spain as permitted by the fda.
over the last three years, abbott's operating margin as a percentage of sales increased from 15.5 percent in 2020 to 19.6 percent in 2021 and then decreased to 19.2 percent in 2022. the decrease in 2022 from 2021 reflects the impact of the voluntary infant product recall and manufacturing stoppage in u.s. pediatric nutritionals and the impact of inflation and supply chain challenges on various manufacturing inputs and transportation costs across abbott's businesses, partially offset by the favorable impact of margin improvement initiatives. the increase in 2021 from 2020 reflects the impact of sales volume increases for covid-19 tests in rapid diagnostics and growth across virtually all of abbott's businesses due, in part, to partial recovery from the covid-19 pandemic, partially offset by the impact of inflation and supply chain challenges on various manufacturing inputs and transportation costs and an increase in restructuring costs.
in 2022 and 2021, abbott experienced availability issues with some services and materials used in its products. to date, abbott has been able to manage the various supply chain challenges without significant supply disruption or shortage for services, raw materials and supplies. the future extent to which inflation, supply chain disruptions, and unfavorable foreign exchange rates may have a material effect on abbott's operating results is uncertain. while abbott expects inflationary pressures on various raw materials, packaging materials and transportation costs to continue in 2023, the impact of such cost increases is expected to be at least partially mitigated by price increases in certain businesses and the impact of continued gross margin improvement initiatives. to the extent that supply chain challenges in the industries in which abbott operates normalize over time, this may lessen inflationary pressures.
with respect to the performance of each reportable segment over the last three years, sales in the medical devices segment, excluding the impact of foreign exchange, increased 8.1 percent in 2022 and 19.4 percent in 2021. the sales increase in 2022 was driven by growth in diabetes care, structural heart, electrophysiology, and heart failure. the sales increase in 2021 was driven by double-digit growth across all of abbott's medical devices divisions, led by diabetes care, structural heart and electrophysiology, due, in part, to a partial recovery from the covid-19 pandemic.
in 2022, operating earnings for the medical devices segment decreased 2.3 percent. excluding the impact of foreign exchange, medical devices operating earnings increased 9.3 percent. the operating margin profile for the medical devices segment increased from 25.8 percent of sales in 2020 to 31.4 percent in 2021 and then decreased to 30.0 percent in 2022. the overall increase over the two years reflects the impact of higher sales volumes across the medical device businesses, partially offset by continued pricing pressures on drug eluting stents (des) and other products. the decrease in 2022 from 2021 reflects various factors, including the impacts of inflationary pressures and supply chain challenges related to various manufacturing inputs and processes.
in 2022, key product approvals in the medical devices segment included:
•fda clearance for the ensite® x ep system with ensite ot, which leverages the advisor® hd grid catheter to provide a 360‐degree view of the heart without regard to the orientation of the catheter in the heart,
•fda clearance of the freestyle libre® 3 system which automatically delivers up-to-the minute glucose readings and 14-day accuracy in a wearable sensor,
•fda approval for an expanded indication for the cardiomems® hf system, a small implantable pulmonary artery sensor and remote monitoring system that can detect early warning signs of worsening heart failure,
•fda approval for the aveir® single-chamber leadless pacemaker for the treatment of patients with slow heart rhythms, and
•fda approval of the eternatm rechargeable spinal cord stimulation system for the treatment of chronic pain.
in abbott's diagnostics segment, sales increased 10.4 percent in 2022 and 42.7 percent in 2021, excluding the impact of foreign exchange. as was discussed above, sales growth in 2022 and 2021 was driven by demand for abbott's portfolio of rapid diagnostics tests for covid-19 and higher routine diagnostics testing in the core laboratory business, partially offset by lower demand for abbott's laboratory-based tests for covid-19 in the molecular diagnostics business.
in 2022, operating earnings for the diagnostics segment increased 6.6 percent. the operating margin profile increased from 34.3 percent of sales in 2020 to 40.2 percent in 2022 primarily due to higher sales in rapid diagnostics and the impact of increased routine diagnostics testing on core laboratory diagnostics versus 2020 levels.
abbott has regulatory approvals in the u.s., europe, china, and other markets for the "alinity c" and "alinity i" instruments and has continued to build out its test menu for clinical chemistry and immunoassay diagnostics. abbott has obtained regulatory approval for the "alinity h" system for hematology in europe, japan and other regions. abbott has also obtained regulatory approvals in the u.s., europe and other markets for the "alinity s" (blood screening) and "alinity m" (molecular) instruments and several testing assays.
in abbott's nutritional products segment, total pediatric nutrition sales, excluding the impact of foreign exchange, decreased 16.6 percent in 2022 as a result of the voluntary recall and manufacturing stoppage discussed above as well as challenging market dynamics in greater china. in december 2022, abbott initiated steps to exit its pediatric nutrition business in china. excluding the impact of foreign exchange, total pediatric nutrition sales increased 3.3 percent in 2021 driven by the pedialyte®, pediasure® and similac brands in the u.s. as well as infant and toddler product growth across several international markets, partially offset by challenging market dynamics in the greater china infant category. excluding the impact of foreign exchange, total adult nutrition sales increased 4.8 percent in 2022 and 12.8 percent in 2021, led by the continued growth of ensure®, abbott's market-leading complete and balanced nutrition brand, and glucerna®, abbott's market-leading diabetes-specific nutrition brand, across several countries.
in 2022, operating earnings for the nutritional products segment decreased 60.0 percent. operating margins for the worldwide nutritional products business decreased from 22.9 percent in 2020 to 9.5 percent in 2022. the decrease was driven by the impact of the voluntary infant product recall and manufacturing stoppage as well as higher manufacturing and distribution costs, including commodity prices, partially offset by the impact of gross margin improvement initiatives and select product price increases.
the established pharmaceutical products segment focuses on the sale of its products in emerging markets. excluding the impact of foreign exchange, established pharmaceutical sales increased 10.6 percent in 2022 and 10.4 percent in 2021. the sales increases in 2022 and 2021 reflect higher sales in several geographies including india, china, and brazil. in 2022, operating earnings for the established pharmaceutical products segment increased 18.0 percent. operating margins increased from 18.5 percent of sales in 2020 to 21.4 percent in 2022 primarily due to the impact of gross margin improvement initiatives and higher selling prices partially offset by inflation on various product inputs.
with respect to abbott's financial position, at december 31, 2022 and 2021, abbott's cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments total approximately $10.2 billion. abbott's long-term debt totals $16.8 billion and $18.1 billion at december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
abbott declared dividends of $1.92 per share in 2022 and $1.82 per share in 2021, an increase of approximately 5.5 percent. dividends paid totaled $3.309 billion in 2022 compared to $3.202 billion in 2021. the year-over-year change in the amount of dividends paid reflects the increase in the dividend rate. in december 2022, abbott increased the company's quarterly dividend by 8.5 percent to $0.51 per share from $0.47 per share, effective with the dividend paid in february 2023. in december 2021, abbott increased the company's quarterly dividend by 4.4 percent to $0.47 per share from $0.45 per share, effective with the dividend paid in february 2022.
on february 8, 2023, abbott entered into a definitive agreement to acquire cardiovascular systems, inc. (csi). csi sells an atherectomy system used in treating peripheral and coronary artery disease. the acquisition, which is expected to add complementary technologies to abbott's portfolio of vascular device offerings, is subject to the approval of csi shareholders and the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including applicable regulatory approvals. under the terms of the agreement, abbott will pay $20 per common share at a total expected equity value of approximately $890 million. the acquisition is expected to be funded with cash on hand.
in 2023, abbott will also focus on continuing to invest in product development areas that provide the opportunity for strong sustainable growth over the next several years. in its diagnostics business, abbott's focus will include driving sales growth from its alinity suite of diagnostics instruments and its portfolio of rapid diagnostic testing systems as well as continuing to meet covid-19 test demand. in the medical devices segment, abbott will focus on launching various new products and expanding its market position across the various businesses. in its nutritional business, abbott will continue to focus on executing the actions needed to achieve a recovery in its infant formula business and growth globally. in the established pharmaceuticals business, abbott will continue to focus on growing its business with the depth and breadth of its portfolio in emerging markets.
critical accounting policies sales rebates - in 2022, approximately 45 percent of abbott's consolidated gross revenues were subject to various forms of rebates and allowances that abbott recorded as reductions of revenues at the time of sale. most of these rebates and allowances in 2022 are in the nutritional products and diabetes care businesses. abbott provides rebates to state agencies that administer the special supplemental nutrition program for women, infants, and children (wic), wholesalers, group purchasing organizations, and other government agencies and private entities. rebate amounts are usually based upon the volume of purchases using contractual or statutory prices for a product. factors used in the rebate calculations include the identification of which products have been sold subject to a rebate, which customer or government agency price terms apply, and the estimated lag time between sale and payment of a rebate. using historical trends, adjusted for current changes, abbott estimates the amount of the rebate that will be paid, and records the liability as a reduction of gross sales when abbott records its sale of the product. settlement of the rebate generally occurs from one to six months after sale. abbott regularly analyzes the historical rebate trends and makes adjustments to reserves for changes in trends and terms of rebate programs. rebates and chargebacks charged against gross sales in 2022, 2021, and 2020 amounted to approximately $3.9 billion, $3.9 billion, and $3.3 billion, respectively, or 17.6 percent, 17.5 percent, and 20.1 percent of gross sales, respectively, based on gross sales of approximately $22.4 billion, $22.3 billion, and $16.6 billion, respectively, subject to rebate. a one-percentage point increase in the percentage of rebates to related gross sales would decrease net sales by approximately $224 million in 2022. abbott considers a one-percentage point increase to be a reasonably likely increase in the percentage of rebates to related gross sales. other allowances charged against gross sales were approximately $280 million, $268 million, and $207 million for cash discounts in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, and $379 million, $211 million, and $232 million for returns in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. cash discounts are known within 15 to 30 days of sale, and therefore can be reliably estimated. returns can be reliably estimated because abbott's historical returns are low, and because sales returns terms and other sales terms have remained relatively unchanged for several periods.
management analyzes the adequacy of ending rebate accrual balances each quarter. in the domestic nutritional business, management uses both internal and external data available to estimate the accruals. in the wic business, estimates are required for the amount of wic sales within each state where abbott holds the wic contract. the state where the sale is made, which is the determining factor for the applicable rebated price, is reliably determinable. rebated prices are based on contractually obligated agreements generally lasting a period of two to four years. except for a change in contract price or a transition period before or after a change in the supplier for the wic business in a state, accruals are based on historical redemption rates and data from the u.s. department of agriculture (usda) and the states submitting rebate claims. the usda, which administers the wic program, has been making its data available for many years. management also estimates the states' processing lag time based on sales and claims data. management has access to several large customers' inventory management data, which allows management to make reliable estimates of inventory in the retail distribution channel. at december 31, 2022, abbott had wic business in 37 states.
historically, adjustments to prior years' rebate accruals have not been material to net income. abbott employs various techniques to verify the accuracy of claims submitted to it, and where possible, works with the organizations submitting claims to gain insight into changes that might affect the rebate amounts. for government agency programs, the calculation of a rebate involves interpretations of relevant regulations, which are subject to challenge or change in interpretation.
income taxes - abbott operates in numerous countries where its income tax returns are subject to audits and adjustments. because abbott operates globally, the nature of the audit items is often very complex, and the objectives of the government auditors can result in a tax on the same income in more than one country. abbott employs internal and external tax professionals to minimize audit adjustment amounts where possible. in accordance with the accounting rules relating to the measurement of tax contingencies, in order to recognize an uncertain tax benefit, the taxpayer must be more likely than not of sustaining the position, and the measurement of the benefit is calculated as the largest amount that is more than 50 percent likely to be realized upon resolution of the benefit. application of these rules requires a significant amount of judgment. in the u.s., abbott's federal income tax returns through 2016 were settled as of december 31, 2022. undistributed foreign earnings remain indefinitely reinvested in foreign operations. determining the amount of unrecognized deferred tax liability related to any remaining undistributed foreign earnings not subject to the transition tax and additional outside basis difference in its foreign entities is not practicable.
pension and post-employment benefits - abbott offers pension benefits and post-employment health care to many of its employees. abbott engages outside actuaries to assist in the determination of the obligations and costs under these programs. abbott must develop long-term assumptions, the most significant of which are the health care cost trend rates, discount rates and the expected return on plan assets. the discount rates used to measure liabilities were determined based on high-quality fixed income securities that match the duration of the expected retiree benefits. the health care cost trend rates represent abbott's expected annual rates of change in the cost of health care benefits and are a forward projection of health care costs as of the measurement date. a difference between the assumed rates and the actual rates, which will not be known for years, can be significant in relation to the obligations and the annual cost recorded for these programs. the significant net actuarial gains for these plans in 2022 reflects the impact of higher discount rates on the measurement of plan liabilities, partially offset by lower asset returns during the year. at december 31, 2022, pretax net actuarial losses and prior service costs and (credits) recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) were net losses of $2.0 billion for abbott's defined benefit plans and net gains of $6 million for abbott's medical and dental plans. actuarial losses and gains are amortized over the remaining service attribution periods of the employees under the corridor method, in accordance with the rules for accounting for post-employment benefits. differences between the expected long-term return on plan assets and the actual annual return are amortized over a five-year period.
valuation of intangible assets - abbott has acquired and continues to acquire significant intangible assets that abbott records at fair value at the acquisition date. transactions involving the purchase or sale of intangible assets occur with some frequency between companies in the health care field and valuations are usually based on a discounted cash flow analysis. the discounted cash flow model requires assumptions about the timing and amount of future net cash flows, risk, cost of capital, terminal values and market participants. each of these factors can significantly affect the value of the intangible asset. abbott engages independent valuation experts who review abbott's critical assumptions and calculations for acquisitions of significant intangibles. abbott reviews definite-lived intangible assets for impairment each quarter using an undiscounted net cash flows approach. if the undiscounted cash flows of an intangible asset are less than the carrying value of an intangible asset, the intangible asset is written down to its fair value, which is usually the discounted cash flow amount. where cash flows cannot be identified for an individual asset, the review is applied at the lowest group level for which cash flows are identifiable. goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, which relate to in-process research and development acquired in a business combination, are reviewed for impairment annually or when an event that could result in an impairment occurs. at december 31, 2022, goodwill amounted to $22.8 billion and net intangibles amounted to $10.5 billion. amortization expense in continuing operations for intangible assets amounted to $2.0 billion in 2022 and 2021 and $2.1 billion in 2020. there was no reduction of goodwill relating to impairments in 2022, 2021, and 2020.
litigation - abbott accounts for litigation losses in accordance with financial accounting standards board (fasb) accounting standards codification (asc) no. 450, "contingencies." under asc no. 450, loss contingency provisions are recorded for probable losses at management's best estimate of a loss, or when a best estimate cannot be made, a minimum loss contingency amount is recorded. these estimates are often initially developed substantially earlier than the ultimate loss is known, and the estimates are refined each accounting period as additional information becomes known. accordingly, abbott is often initially unable to develop a best estimate of loss, and therefore the minimum amount, which could be zero, is recorded. as information becomes known, either the minimum loss amount is increased, resulting in additional loss provisions, or a best estimate can be made, also resulting in additional loss provisions. occasionally, a best estimate amount is changed to a lower amount when events result in an expectation of a more favorable outcome than previously expected. abbott estimates the range of possible loss to be from approximately $40 million to $50 million for its legal proceedings and environmental exposures. accruals of approximately $45 million have been recorded at december 31, 2022 for these proceedings and exposures. these accruals represent management's best estimate of probable loss, as defined by fasb asc no. 450, "contingencies."
results of operations sales the following table details the components of sales growth by reportable segment for the last two years:
components of % change total                  price                       volume                   exchange
% change total net sales
2022 vs. 2021         1.3                   (0.3)                         6.7                      (5.1)
2021 vs. 2020        24.5                   (1.5)                        24.4                        1.6
total u.s.
2022 vs. 2021         9.0                   (0.6)                         9.6                          -
2021 vs. 2020        27.8                   (1.9)                        29.7                          -
total international
2022 vs. 2021       (3.5)                       -                         4.7                      (8.2)
2021 vs. 2020        22.5                   (1.3)                        21.2                        2.6
established pharmaceutical products segment
2022 vs. 2021         4.1                     3.7                         6.9                      (6.5)
2021 vs. 2020         9.6                     4.2                         6.2                      (0.8)
nutritional products segment
2022 vs. 2021      (10.1)                     7.4                      (13.6)                      (3.9)
2021 vs. 2020         8.5                     1.0                         6.7                        0.8
diagnostic products segment
2022 vs. 2021         6.0                   (5.5)                        15.9                      (4.4)
2021 vs. 2020        44.8                   (6.2)                        48.9                        2.1
medical devices segment
2022 vs. 2021         2.2                   (0.2)                         8.3                      (5.9)
2021 vs. 2020        21.9                   (0.9)                        20.3                        2.5
the increase in total net sales in 2022 reflects growth in demand for abbott's rapid diagnostic tests to detect covid-19 as well as growth in the established pharmaceutical products and medical devices segments, partially offset by lower nutritional products sales. abbott's covid-19 testing-related sales totaled approximately $8.4 billion in 2022, $7.7 billion in 2021 and $3.9 billion in 2020. excluding the impact of covid-19 testing-related sales, abbott's total net sales decreased 0.3 percent in 2022. excluding the impacts of covid-19 testing-related sales and foreign exchange, abbott's total net sales increased 5.1 percent. abbott's net sales in 2022 were unfavorably impacted by changes in foreign exchange rates as the relatively stronger u.s. dollar decreased total international sales by 8.2 percent and total sales by 5.1 percent.
the increase in total net sales in 2021 reflects volume growth across all of abbott's segments. in 2021, excluding the impact of covid-19 testing-related sales, abbott's total net sales increased 15.2 percent. excluding the impacts of covid-19 testing-related sales and foreign exchange, abbott's total net sales increased 13.7 percent.
the price declines related to the diagnostic products segment in 2022 and 2021 primarily reflect lower pricing for covid-19 tests.
the table below provides detail by sales category for the years ended december 31. percent changes are versus the prior year and are based on unrounded numbers.
2022                                                                         2021                   total         impact of                  total change change          exchange                excl. exchange
(dollars in millions)
total established pharmaceuticals -
key emerging markets                            $3,728                  $3,539                     5    %         (7)     %                     12      %
other                                            1,184                   1,179                     -              (7)                            7
nutritionals -
international pediatric nutritionals             1,919                   2,106                   (9)              (5)                          (4)
u.s. pediatric nutritionals                      1,562                   2,192                  (29)                -                         (29)
international adult nutritionals                 2,621                   2,632                     -              (8)                            8
u.s. adult nutritionals                          1,357                   1,364                   (1)                -                          (1)
diagnostics -
core laboratory                                  4,888                   5,128                   (5)              (7)                            2
molecular                                          995                   1,427                  (30)              (3)                         (27)
point of care                                      525                     536                   (2)              (1)                          (1)
rapid diagnostics                               10,176                   8,553                    19              (4)                           23
medical devices -
rhythm management                                2,119                   2,198                   (4)              (6)                            2
electrophysiology                                1,927                   1,907                     1              (6)                            7
heart failure                                      920                     889                     4              (2)                            6
vascular                                         2,483                   2,654                   (6)              (5)                          (1)
structural heart                                 1,712                   1,610                     6              (7)                           13
neuromodulation                                    770                     781                   (1)              (2)                            1
diabetes care                                    4,756                   4,328                    10              (7)                           17
2021                                                                         2020                   total                  impact of                  total change change                   exchange                excl. exchange
(dollars in millions)
total established pharmaceuticals -
key emerging markets                            $3,539                  $3,209                    10    %                  (2)     %                     12      %
other                                            1,179                   1,094                     8                         2                            6
nutritionals -
international pediatric nutritionals             2,106                   2,140                   (2)                         1                          (3)
u.s. pediatric nutritionals                      2,192                   1,987                    10                         -                           10
international adult nutritionals                 2,632                   2,228                    18                         1                           17
u.s. adult nutritionals                          1,364                   1,292                     6                         -                            6
diagnostics -
core laboratory                                  5,128                   4,475                    15                         3                           12
molecular                                        1,427                   1,438                   (1)                         2                          (3)
point of care                                      536                     516                     4                         1                            3
rapid diagnostics                                8,553                   4,376                    95                         2                           93
medical devices -
rhythm management                                2,198                   1,914                    15                         2                           13
electrophysiology                                1,907                   1,578                    21                         2                           19
heart failure                                      889                     740                    20                         1                           19
vascular                                         2,654                   2,339                    14                         3                           11
structural heart                                 1,610                   1,247                    29                         2                           27
neuromodulation                                    781                     702                    11                         1                           10
diabetes care                                    4,328                   3,267                    33                         4                           29
________________________________________________________
in order to compute results excluding the impact of exchange rates, current year u.s. dollar sales are multiplied or divided, as appropriate, by the current year average foreign exchange rates and then those amounts are multiplied or divided, as appropriate, by the prior year average foreign exchange rates.
total established pharmaceutical products sales increased 10.6 percent in 2022 and 10.4 percent in 2021, excluding the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange. excluding the impact of foreign exchange, total sales in key emerging markets increased 11.8 percent in 2022 and 11.9 percent in 2021 due to higher sales in various geographies including india, china, and brazil, and several therapeutic areas, including gastroenterology, central nervous system/pain management, and cardiometabolic products. excluding the impact of foreign exchange, sales in established pharmaceuticals' other emerging markets increased 7.3 percent in 2022 and 6.0 percent in 2021.
excluding the impact of foreign exchange, total nutritional products sales decreased 6.2 percent in 2022 compared to a 7.7 percent increase in 2021. the 28.7 percent decrease in u.s. pediatric nutritional sales in 2022 reflects the impact of the voluntary recall and production stoppage of certain infant powder formula products manufactured at abbott's facility in sturgis, michigan, partially offset by increased demand for abbott's pedialyte products. u.s. sales of infant powder formula brands associated with the recall were $479 million and $1.2 billion in 2022 and 2021, respectively. in 2021, u.s. pediatric nutritional sales increased 10.3 percent compared to 2020, reflecting growth in pedialyte, similac, and pediasure.
international pediatric nutritional sales, excluding the effect of foreign exchange, decreased 3.9 percent in 2022 and 3.2 percent in 2021. the 2022 decrease reflects the impact of challenging market dynamics in the infant category in greater china, partially offset by higher sales volumes in several countries in southeast asia and latin america. the 2021 decrease reflects lower sales in china, the middle east and various countries in southeast asia, partially offset by higher volumes sold in various countries in latin america and europe.
international adult nutritional sales, excluding the effect of foreign exchange, increased 7.6 percent in 2022 and 17.0 percent in 2021, reflecting continued growth of the ensure and glucerna brands in various countries. in 2022, u.s. adult nutritional sales decreased 0.5 percent as continued growth of the ensure brand was offset by lower sales of other products and the impact of temporarily utilizing liquid manufacturing capacity to manufacture infant formula. in 2021, u.s. adult nutritional sales increased 5.6 percent, primarily due to growth of ensure and glucerna.
excluding the effect of foreign exchange, diagnostics segment sales increased 10.4 percent in 2022 and 42.7 percent in 2021, driven by demand for abbott's portfolio of covid-19 tests in rapid diagnostics. rapid diagnostics sales increased 22.5 percent and 93.3 percent in 2022 and 2021, respectively, excluding the effect of foreign exchange. the increases reflect covid-19 test demand across abbott's rapid testing platforms, including the panbio system, the id now platform, and the binaxnow covid-19 ag card test. rapid diagnostics covid-19 testing-related sales were $7.9 billion in 2022, $6.6 billion in 2021 and $2.6 billion in 2020.
in 2022, rapid diagnostics sales increased 15.8 percent, excluding covid-19 testing-related sales, and 19.1 percent, excluding the impact of foreign exchange and covid-19 testing-related sales. these increases reflect higher sales of id now tests for flu, strep, and respiratory syncytial virus (rsv) as well as growth in various other rapid diagnostics products. in 2021, rapid diagnostics sales increased 10.4 percent, excluding covid-19 testing-related sales, and 9.2 percent, excluding the impact of foreign exchange and covid-19 testing-related sales. these increases reflected the recovery of routine diagnostic testing from the 2020 impact of the pandemic.
in core laboratory diagnostics, sales increased 1.9 percent in 2022, excluding the effect of foreign exchange, due to the higher volume of routine diagnostic testing from the continued roll-out of the alinity platform and an expanded menu of tests. these higher volumes were partially offset by lower sales of abbott's laboratory-based tests for the detection of covid-19 igg and igm antibodies as well as intermittent market disruptions in china due to covid-19 quarantine restrictions in various cities. core laboratory diagnostics covid-19 testing-related sales on abbott's architect and alinity i platforms were $62 million in 2022, $204 million in 2021, and $262 million in 2020. in 2022, core laboratory diagnostics sales decreased 2.0 percent, excluding covid-19 testing-related sales, and increased 4.8 percent, excluding the impact of foreign exchange and covid-19 testing-related sales.
in 2021, core laboratory diagnostics sales increased 12.4 percent, excluding the effect of foreign exchange, as a higher volume of routine diagnostic testing performed in hospitals and other laboratories was partially offset by lower sales of tests for the detection of covid-19 igg and igm antibodies.
in molecular diagnostics, sales decreased 27.4 percent in 2022 and 2.9 percent in 2021, excluding the effect of foreign exchange. in both years, the decreases were driven by lower demand for abbott's laboratory-based pcr molecular tests for covid-19, partially offset by growth in other areas from the continued roll-out of the alinity m platform. molecular diagnostics covid-19 testing-related sales were $411 million in 2022, $891 million in 2021, and $1.0 billion in 2020. in 2022, molecular diagnostics sales increased 9.0 percent, excluding covid-19 testing-related sales, and 13.8 percent, excluding the impact of foreign exchange and covid-19 testing-related sales. in 2021, molecular diagnostics sales increased 29.2 percent, excluding covid-19 testing-related sales, and increased 27.0 percent, excluding the impact of foreign exchange and covid-19 testing-related sales.
excluding the effect of foreign exchange, total medical devices sales grew 8.1 percent in 2022 and 19.4 percent in 2021. in 2022 and 2021, the increase was driven by growth in diabetes care, structural heart, electrophysiology and heart failure. the 2022 and 2021 growth in diabetes care sales was driven by continued growth of freestyle libre, abbott's continuous glucose monitoring system, in the u.s. and internationally. freestyle libre sales totaled $4.3 billion in 2022, which reflected a 22.4 percent increase, excluding the effect of foreign exchange, over 2021. freestyle libre sales totaled $3.7 billion in 2021, which reflected a 36.8 percent increase, excluding the effect of foreign exchange, over 2020 when sales totaled $2.6 billion.
in 2022, while procedure volumes across abbott's cardiovascular and neuromodulation businesses were negatively impacted by new surges of covid-19 in various geographies as well as intermittent covid-19 lockdown restrictions in china and healthcare staffing challenges throughout the year, overall volumes improved in several businesses versus 2021. in electrophysiology, the 7.3 percent growth, excluding the effect of foreign exchange, reflects the increase in procedure volumes and the continued roll‐out of abbott's ensite x ep system with ensite omnipolar technology (ot), a new cardiac mapping platform available in the u.s., japan and across europe.
growth in structural heart, excluding the effect of foreign exchange, was 13.0 percent in 2022, driven by growth across several areas of the business, including amplatzer® amulet® left atrial appendage occluder, which offers immediate closure of the left atrial appendage, an area in the heart where blood clots can form and mitraclip®, abbott's market-leading device for the minimally invasive treatment of mitral regurgitation, a leaky heart valve. in vascular, 2022 sales decreased 1.0 percent, excluding the impact of exchange, as higher endovascular sales were offset by the negative effect of lower average selling prices globally on traditional des and other coronary products and a lower recovery of percutaneous coronary intervention (pci) procedures which impacted the coronary business.
in 2021, while procedure volumes across abbott's cardiovascular and neuromodulation businesses were negatively impacted early in the year by elevated covid-19 case rates in certain countries, including the u.s., overall volumes improved over the course of 2021 across various businesses. the year-over-year increases in the various businesses reflect a recovery from the 2020 levels when the pandemic reduced procedure volumes as well as sales growth from pre-pandemic levels in structural heart, electrophysiology, and heart failure, excluding the effect of foreign exchange. the growth in structural heart during 2021 was broad-based across several areas of the business, including mitraclip and triclip®, the world's first minimally invasive, clip-based device for repair of a leaky tricuspid heart valve.
abbott's operations in russia and ukraine represent approximately 2 percent of abbott's total revenues and net assets, and to date the financial impact of russia's invasion of ukraine has not been material to abbott's operations or financial condition. future implications are difficult to predict, but at present abbott does not anticipate that the russia-ukraine conflict will have a material impact on its operations or financial condition. a more detailed discussion of the risks associated with the russia-ukraine conflict is contained in item 1a. risk factors.
abbott has periodically sold product rights to non-strategic products and has recorded the related gains in net sales in accordance with abbott's revenue recognition policies as discussed in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. related net sales were not significant in 2022, 2021, or 2020.
the expiration of licenses and patent protection can affect the future revenues and operating income of abbott. there are no significant patent or license expirations in the next three years that are expected to materially affect abbott.
operating earnings gross profit margins were 51.5 percent of net sales in 2022, 52.2 percent of net sales in 2021, and 50.5 percent in 2020. the decrease in 2022 reflects the impact of the voluntary infant product recall and sturgis manufacturing stoppage as well as the prioritization of infant formula sales related to the wic program in the nutritional business. the decrease also reflects higher manufacturing and supply chain costs across abbott's businesses, including inflation, commodities and distribution expenses. in 2021, the increase primarily reflects the effects of higher sales volume, higher manufacturing utilization, and the nonrecurrence of a 2020 impairment of intangible assets, partially offset by increases in various manufacturing costs and the impact of higher restructuring charges.
research and development (r&d) expenses were $2.9 billion in 2022, $2.7 billion in 2021, and $2.4 billion in 2020. the increase primarily reflects higher spending on various projects to advance products in development as well as the impairment of certain in-process r&d intangible assets partially offset by the favorable impact of foreign exchange. the increase in 2021 r&d spending was primarily driven by higher spending on various projects to advance products in development.
selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expenses were virtually unchanged in 2022 compared to 2021 as higher selling and marketing spending to drive growth was offset by the favorable impact of foreign exchange. sg&a expenses increased 16.8 percent in 2021 due primarily to higher selling and marketing spending and the nonrecurrence of $100 million of income in 2020 from a litigation settlement. the increase in 2021 also includes charges related to certain litigation.
restructurings in 2022, abbott management approved plans to streamline operations in order to reduce costs and improve efficiencies in its medical devices, nutritional, diagnostic, and established pharmaceutical businesses. abbott recorded employee-related severance and other charges of approximately $234 million of which approximately $59 million was recorded in cost of products sold, approximately $36 million was recorded in research and development and approximately $139 million was recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses. in addition, abbott recognized inventory-related charges of approximately $23 million and fixed assets impairment charges of approximately $4 million related to these restructuring plans.
in 2021, abbott management approved plans to streamline operations in order to reduce costs and improve efficiencies in abbott's diagnostic, established pharmaceutical, nutritional, and medical device businesses. abbott recorded employee related severance and other charges of approximately $68 million of which approximately $16 million was recorded in cost of products sold, approximately $4 million was recorded in research and development and approximately $48 million was recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses.
on may 27, 2021, abbott management approved a restructuring plan related to its diagnostic products segment to align its manufacturing network for covid-19 diagnostic tests with changes in the second quarter of 2021 in projected testing demand driven by several factors, including significant reductions in cases in the u.s. and other major developed countries, the accelerated rollout of covid-19 vaccines globally and the u.s. health authority's updated guidance on testing for fully vaccinated individuals. in the second quarter of 2021, abbott recorded charges of $499 million under this plan in cost of products sold. the charge recognized in the second quarter included fixed asset write-downs of $80 million, inventory-related charges of $248 million, and other exit costs, which included contract cancellations and employee-related costs of $171 million.
in the second half of 2021, as the delta and omicron variants of covid-19 spread and the number of new covid-19 cases increased significantly, particularly in the u.s., demand for rapid covid-19 tests increased significantly. as a result, in the second half of 2021, abbott sold approximately $181 million of inventory that was previously estimated to have no net realizable value under the second quarter restructuring action. in addition, the estimate of other exit costs was reduced by a net $58 million as abbott fulfilled its purchase obligations under certain contracts for which a liability was recorded in the second quarter or abbott settled with the counterparty in the second half of 2021.
interest expense and interest (income)
interest expense, net decreased $115 million in 2022 due to the impact of higher interest rates and cash and short-term investment balances on interest income and the repayment of debt in the first quarter of 2022 partially offset by the impact of interest rate hedge contracts related to certain fixed-rate debt. interest expense, net decreased $10 million in 2021 due to the reduction of interest expense driven by lower interest rates in 2021. the effects of higher cash and short-term investment balances were more than offset by the impact of lower interest rates on interest income in 2021.
other (income) expense, net other (income) expense, net includes income of approximately $406 million, $270 million, and $205 million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, related to the non-service cost components of the net periodic benefit costs associated with the pension and post-retirement medical plans. other (income) expense, net also includes equity investment impairments that totaled approximately $45 million in 2022 and $115 million in 2020 and a gain on the sale of an equity method investment in 2021.
taxes on earnings the income tax rates on earnings from continuing operations were 16.5 percent in 2022, 13.9 percent in 2021, and 10.0 percent in 2020.
in 2022, taxes on earnings from continuing operations include approximately $43 million in excess tax benefits associated with share-based compensation and approximately $20 million of net tax expense as a result of the resolution of various tax positions related to prior years.
in 2021, taxes on earnings from continuing operations include approximately $145 million in excess tax benefits associated with share-based compensation and approximately $55 million of net tax benefits as a result of the resolution of various tax positions related to prior years.
in 2020, taxes on earnings from continuing operations include the recognition of approximately $170 million of tax benefits associated with the impairment of certain assets, approximately $140 million of net tax benefits as a result of the resolution of various tax positions related to prior years, and approximately $100 million in excess tax benefits associated with share-based compensation. in 2020, taxes on earnings from continuing operations also include a $26 million increase to the transition tax liability associated with the 2017 tax cuts and jobs act (tcja). the $26 million increase to the transition tax liability was the result of the resolution of various tax positions related to prior years. this adjustment increased the cumulative net tax expense related to the tcja to $1.53 billion. as of december 31, 2022, the remaining balance of abbott's transition tax obligation is approximately $739 million, which will be paid over the next four years as allowed by the tcja. earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax, in 2020 reflect the recognition of $24 million of net tax benefits primarily as a result of the resolution of various tax positions related to prior years.
exclusive of these discrete items, tax expense was favorably impacted by lower tax rates and tax exemptions on foreign income primarily derived from operations in puerto rico, switzerland, ireland, the netherlands, costa rica, singapore, and malta. abbott benefits from a combination of favorable statutory tax rules, tax rulings, grants, and exemptions in these tax jurisdictions.
abbott's future effective tax rate could be impacted by changes in federal, state or international tax laws or tax rulings. in december 2022, the european union approved a tax directive that instructs its member states to adopt local legislation that ensures that every multinational company pays a minimum 15 percent tax rate in every jurisdiction in which it operates, beginning in 2024. other non-eu countries have also announced their intentions to adopt a similar policy. widespread adoption of a minimum tax rate regime could have an unfavorable impact on abbott's future effective tax rate.
see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for a full reconciliation of the effective tax rate to the u.s. federal statutory rate.
research and development programs abbott currently has numerous pharmaceutical, medical devices, diagnostic and nutritional products in development.
research and development process in the established pharmaceuticals segment, the development process focuses on the geographic expansion and continuous improvement of the segment's existing products to provide benefits to patients and customers. as established pharmaceuticals does not actively pursue primary research, development usually begins with work on existing products or after the acquisition of an advanced stage licensing opportunity.
depending upon the product, the phases of development may include:
•drug product development.
•phase i bioequivalence studies to compare a future established pharmaceutical's brand with an already marketed compound with the same active pharmaceutical ingredient (api).
•phase ii studies to test the efficacy of benefits in a small group of patients.
•phase iii studies to broaden the testing to a wider population that reflects the actual medical use.
•phase iv and other post-marketing studies to obtain new clinical use data on existing products within approved indications.
the specific requirements (e.g., scope of clinical trials) for obtaining regulatory approval vary across different countries and geographic regions. the process may range from one year for a bioequivalence study project to six or more years for complex formulations, new indications, or geographic expansion in specific countries, such as china.
in the diagnostics segment, the phases of the research and development process include:
•discovery which focuses on identification of a product that will address a specific therapeutic area, platform, or unmet clinical need.
•concept/feasibility during which the materials and manufacturing processes are evaluated, testing may include product characterization and analysis is performed to confirm clinical utility.
•development during which extensive testing is performed to demonstrate that the product meets specified design requirements and that the design specifications conform to user needs and intended uses.
the regulatory requirements for diagnostic products vary across different countries and geographic regions. in the u.s., the fda classifies diagnostic products into classes (i, ii, or iii) and the classification determines the regulatory process for approval. while the diagnostics segment has products in all three classes, the vast majority of its products are categorized as class i or class ii. submission of a separate regulatory filing is not required for class i products. class ii devices typically require pre-market notification to the fda through a regulatory filing known as a 510(k) submission. most class iii products are subject to the fda's premarket approval (pma) requirements. other class iii products, such as those used to screen blood, require the submission and approval of a biological license application (bla).
in the european union (eu), diagnostic products are also categorized into different categories and the regulatory process, which has been governed by the european in vitro diagnostic medical device directive, depends upon the category, with certain product categories requiring review and approval by an independent company, known as a notified body, before the manufacturer can affix a ce mark to the product to declare conformity to the directive. other products only require a self-certification process. in 2017, the eu adopted the new in vitro diagnostic regulation (ivdr) which replaced the existing directive in the eu for in vitro diagnostic products and imposed additional premarket and post-market regulatory requirements on manufacturers of such products. in december 2021, the ivdr was amended to extend the regulation's previous two-year transition period by a range of one to three years, with the transition period extending to may 2027 for certain classes of diagnostic devices. however, the amendment did not delay the date of application of the ivdr itself which took effect on may 26, 2022.
in the medical devices segment, the research and development process begins with research on a specific technology that is evaluated for feasibility and commercial viability. if the research program passes that hurdle, it moves forward into development. the development process includes evaluation, selection and qualification of a product design, completion of applicable clinical trials to test the product's safety and efficacy, and validation of the manufacturing process to demonstrate its repeatability and ability to consistently meet pre-determined specifications.
similar to the diagnostic products discussed above, in the u.s., medical devices are classified as class i, ii, or iii. most of abbott's medical device products are classified as class ii devices that follow the 510(k) regulatory process or class iii devices that are subject to the pma process.
in the eu, medical devices are also categorized into different classes and the regulatory process, which had been governed by the european medical device directive and the active implantable medical device directive, varies by class. in the second quarter of 2017, the eu adopted the new medical devices regulation (mdr) which replaced the existing directives in the eu for medical devices and imposes additional premarket and post-market regulatory requirements on manufacturers of such products. the mdr applies to manufacturers as of may 26, 2021 with a transition period until may 26, 2024. each product must bear a ce mark to show compliance with the mdr.
some products require submission of a design dossier to the appropriate regulatory authority for review and approval prior to ce marking of the device. for other products, the company is required to prepare a technical file which includes testing results and clinical evaluations but can self-certify its ability to apply the ce mark to the product. outside the u.s. and the eu, the regulatory requirements vary across different countries and regions.
after approval and commercial launch of some medical devices, post-market trials may be conducted either due to a conditional requirement of the regulatory market approval or with the objective of proving product superiority.
in the nutritional segment, the research and development process generally focuses on identifying and developing ingredients and products that address the nutritional needs of particular populations (e.g., infants and adults) or patients (e.g., people with diabetes). depending upon the country and/or region, if claims regarding a product's efficacy will be made, clinical studies typically must be conducted.
in the u.s., the fda requires that it be notified of proposed new formulations and formulation or packaging changes related to infant formula products. prior to the launch of an infant formula or product packaging change, the company is required to obtain the fda's confirmation that it has no objections to the proposed product or packaging. for other nutritional products, notification or pre-approval from the fda is not required unless the product includes a new food additive. in some countries, regulatory approval may be required for certain nutritional products, including infant formula and medical nutritional products.
areas of focus in 2023 and beyond, abbott's significant areas of therapeutic focus will include the following:
established pharmaceuticals - abbott focuses on building country-specific portfolios made up of high-quality medicines that meet the needs of people in emerging markets. over the next several years, abbott plans to expand its product portfolio in key therapeutic areas with the aim of addressing the health needs of more people in emerging markets and being among the first to launch new off-patent and differentiated medicines. in addition, abbott continues to expand existing brands into new markets, implement product enhancements that provide value to patients and acquire strategic products and technology through licensing activities. abbott is also actively working on the further development of several key brands such as creontm, duphastontm, femostontm and influvactm. depending on the product, the activities focus on development of new data, markets, formulations, delivery systems, or indications.
medical devices - abbott's research and development programs focus on:
•cardiac rhythm management - development of next-generation rhythm management technologies, including advanced communication capabilities and leadless pacing therapies.
•heart failure - continued enhancements to abbott's mechanical circulatory support and pulmonary artery pressure systems, including enhanced clinical performance and usability.
•electrophysiology - development of next-generation technologies in the areas of ablation, diagnostic, mapping, and visualization and recording.
•vascular - development of next-generation technologies for use in coronary and peripheral vascular procedures.
•structural heart - development of transcatheter and surgical devices for the repair and replacement of heart valves, and occlusion therapies for congenital heart defects and stroke-risk reduction.
•neuromodulation - development of clinical evidence and next-generation technologies leveraging digital health to support improved patient clinical outcomes, physician engagement, and expanded indications in the treatment of chronic pain, movement disorders and other indications.
•diabetes care - develop enhancements and additional indications for the freestyle libre platform of continuous glucose monitoring products to help patients improve their ability to manage diabetes and for use beyond diabetes.
nutritionals - abbott is focusing its research and development spend on platforms that span the pediatric and adult nutrition areas: gastrointestinal/immunity health, brain health, mobility and metabolism, and user experience platforms. numerous new products that build on advances in these platforms are currently under development, including clinical outcome testing, and are expected to be launched over the coming years.
core laboratory diagnostics - abbott continues to commercialize its next-generation blood and plasma screening, immunoassay, clinical chemistry and hematology systems, along with assays, including a focus on unmet medical need, in various areas including but not limited to infectious disease, cardiac care, metabolics, oncology, and neurologic assays as well as informatics solutions to help optimize diagnostics laboratory performance and automation solutions to increase efficiency in laboratories.
molecular diagnostics - several new molecular in vitro diagnostic (ivd) tests are in various stages of development and launch.
rapid diagnostics - abbott's research and development programs focus on the development of diagnostic products for infectious disease, cardiometabolic disease and toxicology.
in addition, the diagnostics segment is pursuing the fda's customary regulatory process for various covid-19 tests for which euas were obtained.
given the diversity of abbott's business, its intention to remain a broad-based health care company and the numerous sources for potential future growth, no individual project is expected to be material to cash flows or results of operations over the next five years. factors considered included research and development expenses projected to be incurred for the project over the next year relative to abbott's total research and development expenses, as well as qualitative factors, such as marketplace perceptions and impact of a new product on abbott's overall market position. there were no delays in abbott's 2022 research and development activities that are expected to have a material impact on operations.
while the aggregate cost to complete the numerous projects currently in development is expected to be material, the total cost to complete will depend upon abbott's ability to successfully finish each project, the rate at which each project advances, and the ultimate timing for completion. given the potential for significant delays and the risk of failure inherent in the development of medical device, diagnostic and pharmaceutical products and technologies, it is not possible to accurately estimate the total cost to complete all projects currently in development. abbott plans to manage its portfolio of projects to achieve research and development spending that will be competitive in each of the businesses in which it participates, and such spending is targeted at approximately 7 percent of total abbott sales in 2023. abbott does not regularly accumulate or make management decisions based on the total expenses incurred for a particular development phase in a given period.
goodwill at december 31, 2022, goodwill recorded as a result of business combinations totaled $22.8 billion. goodwill is reviewed for impairment annually in the third quarter or when an event that could result in an impairment occurs, using a quantitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of any reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. the income and market approaches are used to calculate the fair value of each reporting unit. the results of the last impairment test indicated that the fair value of each reporting unit was substantially in excess of its carrying value.
financial condition cash flow net cash from operating activities amounted to $9.6 billion, $10.5 billion, and $7.9 billion in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. the decrease in net cash from operating activities in 2022 was primarily due to the unfavorable cash flow impact of an increased investment in working capital partially offset by reduced expenditures related to restructuring actions and lower cash payments for income taxes. the increase in net cash from operating activities in 2021 was primarily due to the favorable cash flow impact of higher segment operating earnings and improved working capital management partially offset by higher cash taxes paid and the net impact of litigation settlements.
a substantial portion of abbott's cash and cash equivalents at december 31, 2022, is held by abbott affiliates outside of the u.s. if these funds were needed for operations in the u.s., abbott does not expect to incur significant additional income taxes in the future to repatriate these funds.
abbott funded $413 million in 2022, $418 million in 2021, and $400 million in 2020 to defined benefit pension plans. abbott expects pension funding of approximately $407 million in 2023 for its pension plans. abbott expects annual cash flow from operating activities to continue to exceed abbott's capital expenditures and cash dividends.
debt and capital at december 31, 2022, abbott's long-term debt rating was aa- by standard & poor's corporation and a1 by moody's. abbott expects to maintain an investment grade rating.
abbott has readily available financial resources, including unused lines of credit that support commercial paper borrowing arrangements and provide abbott with the ability to borrow up to $5 billion on an unsecured basis. the lines of credit are part of a five year credit agreement (revolving credit agreement) that abbott entered into on november 12, 2020. any borrowings under the revolving credit agreement will mature and be payable on november 12, 2025, and will bear interest, at abbott's option, based on either a base rate or eurodollar rate, plus an applicable margin based on abbott's credit ratings.
as of december 31, 2022, abbott's total debt outstanding was $16.8 billion, of which $2.25 billion will mature in 2023. the repayment of the debt maturing in 2023 is expected to be funded from cash on hand.
on march 15, 2022, abbott repaid the $750 million outstanding principal amount of its 2.55% notes upon maturity.
in 2021, abbott repaid approximately $195 million on a short-term facility upon maturity. after the repayment, abbott has no short-term debt.
in 2020, financing activities related to the issuance and repayment of long-term debt included the following:
•on june 24, 2020, abbott completed the issuance of $1.3 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes, consisting of $650 million of its 1.15% notes due 2028 and $650 million of its 1.40% notes due 2030.
•on september 28, 2020, abbott repaid the €1.140 billion outstanding principal amount of its 0.00% notes due 2020 upon maturity. the repayment equated to approximately $1.3 billion.
in september 2019, the board of directors authorized the early redemption of up to $5 billion of outstanding long-term notes. as of december 31, 2022, $2.15 billion of the $5 billion authorization remains available.
in october 2019, the board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to $3 billion of abbott's common shares from time to time. this authorization was in addition to the unused portion of a previous share repurchase program that was authorized in 2014. under the program authorized in 2014, abbott repurchased 1.6 million shares at a cost of $173 million in 2020.
in 2021, abbott repurchased 16.6 million of its common shares for $2.016 billion which fully utilized the authorization remaining under the 2014 share repurchase program and a portion of the 2019 authorization. in december 2021, the board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to $5 billion of abbott's common shares from time to time. this authorization was in addition to the $1.081 billion portion of the share repurchase program authorized in 2019 that was unused as of december 31, 2021. in 2022, abbott repurchased 32.3 million of its common shares for $3.65 billion which fully utilized the authorization remaining under the 2019 share repurchase program and a portion of the 2021 authorization. as of december 31, 2022, $2.43 billion remains available for repurchase under the 2021 repurchase program.
abbott declared dividends of $1.92 per share in 2022 compared to $1.82 per share in 2021, an increase of approximately 5.5 percent. dividends paid were $3.309 billion in 2022 compared to $3.202 billion in 2021. the year-over-year change in dividends paid reflects the impact of the increase in the dividend rate.
working capital working capital was $9.7 billion at december 31, 2022 and $11.1 billion at december 31, 2021. the decrease was due largely to the classification of $2.3 billion of senior notes due in 2023 as current liabilities, partially offset by an increase in inventory.
abbott monitors the credit worthiness of customers and establishes an allowance that reflects the current estimate of credit losses expected to be incurred over the life of the financial asset. abbott considers various factors in establishing, monitoring, and adjusting its allowance for doubtful accounts, including the aging of the accounts and aging trends, the historical level of charge-offs, and specific exposures related to particular customers. abbott also monitors other risk factors and forward-looking information, such as country risk, when determining credit limits for customers and establishing adequate allowances.
capital expenditures capital expenditures of $1.8 billion in 2022, $1.9 billion in 2021, and $2.2 billion in 2020 were principally for upgrading and expanding manufacturing and research and development facilities and equipment in various segments, investments in information technology, and laboratory instruments placed with customers. 2020 capital expenditures also included the building of capacity for the manufacture of covid-19 diagnostics tests.
contractual obligations abbott believes that its available cash and cash equivalents along with its ability to generate operating cash flow and continued access to debt markets are sufficient to fund existing and planned cash requirements. abbott's material cash requirements include the following contractual obligations:
debt - principal payments required on long-term debt outstanding at december 31, 2022 are $2.3 billion in 2023, $1.1 billion in 2024, $1.5 billion in 2025, $2.9 billion in 2026, $0.6 billion in 2027 and $8.7 billion in 2028 and thereafter. interest payments required on long-term debt outstanding at december 31, 2022 are $567 million in 2023, $525 million in 2024, $493 million in 2025, $462 million in 2026, $391 million in 2027 and $5.4 billion in 2028 and thereafter.
operating leases - as of december 31, 2022, estimated contractual obligations for operating lease payments were $1.341 billion, with $258 million due within 12 months.
in addition, abbott enters into purchase commitments in the normal course of business to meet operational and capital expenditure requirements. the majority of outstanding purchase commitments generally do not extend past one year.
contingent obligations abbott periodically acquires a business or product rights in which abbott agrees to pay contingent consideration based on attaining certain thresholds or based on the occurrence of certain events.
legislative issues abbott's primary markets are highly competitive and subject to substantial government regulations throughout the world. abbott expects debate to continue over the availability, method of delivery, and payment for health care products and services. it is not possible to predict the extent to which abbott or the health care industry in general might be adversely affected by these factors in the future. a more complete discussion of these factors is contained in item 1, business, and item 1a, risk factors.
recently issued accounting standards in december 2019, the financial accounting standards board (fasb) issued accounting standards update (asu) 2019-12, income taxes (topic 740): simplifying the accounting for income taxes, which among other things, eliminates certain exceptions in the current rules regarding the approach for intraperiod tax allocations and the methodology for calculating income taxes in an interim period, and clarifies the accounting for transactions that result in a step-up in the tax basis of goodwill. abbott adopted the standard on january 1, 2021. the new standard did not have an impact on its consolidated financial statements.
recent accounting standards not yet adopted in september 2022, the fasb issued asu 2022-04, disclosure of supplier finance program obligations, which requires an entity to report information about its supplier finance program. the standard becomes effective for abbott in the first quarter of 2023. abbott does not expect adoption of this new standard to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.
private securities litigation reform act of 1995 - a caution concerning forward-looking statements under the safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995, abbott cautions investors that any forward-looking statements or projections made by abbott, including those made in this document, are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect abbott's operations are discussed in item 1a, risk factors.
