item 1a. risk factors item 1a. risk factors the company faces a wide range of risks, and its continued success depends on its ability to identify, prioritize and appropriately manage enterprise risk exposures. readers should carefully consider each of the following risks and all of the other information set forth in this form 10-k. these risks and other factors may affect forward-looking statements, including those in this document or made by the company elsewhere, such as in earnings release webcasts, investor conference presentations or press releases. the risks and uncertainties described herein may not be the only ones facing the company. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to the company or that the company currently believes to be immaterial may also adversely affect its business. if any of the following risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, there could be a material impact on the company.
investment and markets risk factors difficult conditions in global capital markets and the economy, including those caused by covid-19, could have a material adverse effect on the company's investments, capital position, revenue, profitability, and liquidity and harm the company's business.
the company's results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the global capital markets and the global economy generally, including in its two primary operating markets of the u.s. and japan. economies globally experienced significant inflation in 2022, with inflation rates and impact varying by country. central bank and government efforts to control inflation, through reductions in stimulus and asset purchases as well as interest rate increases, have resulted in a decline in economic activity globally. supply chain issues remaining from the covid-19 pandemic, as well as geopolitical events, have contributed to inflation and volatility in energy prices. although some markets have proven resilient in the face of inflation control measures, continued weakening of global financial markets impacts the creditworthiness and value of the company's existing investment portfolio, influences opportunities for new investments, and may contribute to generally weak economic fundamentals, which can have a negative impact on its results of operations and financial positions.
the company's investments are vulnerable to adverse market developments such as asset price volatility, lack of market liquidity, credit rating downgrades, payment defaults, asset restructurings, increased losses, and other risks. the company has evaluated its holdings and identified investments in areas such as commercial real estate, including mortgages, consumer discretionary spending, issuers with higher leverage, and emerging markets issuers as the most exposed to rising interest rates, an economic downturn and the continuing effects of the covid-19 global pandemic. these investments are experiencing and may continue to experience higher credit losses, credit rating downgrades and/or defaults and the company has examined in each case whether a reduction in size of the holding is appropriate. in addition, volatility in oil prices could have a continued adverse impact on issuers in the energy sector. while the company has identified assets impacted or expected to be impacted by rising interest rates and economic contraction, other investments not identified to date may also be impacted. the availability of new investments in certain private market asset classes, such as middle market loans, commercial mortgages and transitional real estate, has been and may continue to be limited. while interest rates have increased in the u.s. and other regions, interest rates in japan remain low, and the difference between u.s. and japan rates has increased. a prolonged period of low interest rates in other countries, particularly japan, remains a risk that could result in new investments generating lower yields than in prior periods. the company may need to adjust its investment strategy and/or be forced to liquidate investments to pay claims. in addition, the increase in the difference between interest rates in the u.s. and japan contributed to a weakening of the yen over 2022, which had the effect of suppressing the company's current period results in relation to the comparable prior period. the increase in the difference between u.s. dollar and yen interest rates also contributes to increasing costs of hedging currency risk of u.s. dollar-denominated investments held by aflac japan. the company is not able to predict the ultimate impact of inflation, interest rate increases, interest rate differences and other changing market conditions on the company's investments and hedging programs. see the risk factor below entitled, "the company is exposed to significant interest rate risk, which may adversely affect its results of operations, financial condition and liquidity" for more information. see the "investments" and "results of operations by segment" sections of item 7, md&a, for more information.
as the company holds a significant amount of fixed maturity securities issued by borrowers located in many different parts of the world, its financial results are directly influenced by global financial markets. recent weakness in global capital markets could adversely affect the company's financial condition, including its capital position and overall profitability. market volatility and recessionary pressures could result in significant realized or unrealized losses due to severe price declines driven by increases in interest rates or credit spreads, defaults in payment of principal or interest, or credit rating downgrades.
item 1a. risk factors japan is the largest market for the company's insurance products, and the company owns substantial holdings in japan government bonds (jgbs). government actions to stimulate the economy affect the value of the company's existing holdings, its reinvestment rate on new investments in jgbs or other yen-denominated assets, and consumer behavior relative to the company's suite of insurance products. the additional government debt from fiscal stimulus actions could adversely impact the japan sovereign credit profile, which could in turn lead to volatility in japanese capital and currency markets.
should investors become concerned with any of the company's investment holdings, including the concentration in jgbs, its access to market sources of funding could be negatively impacted. it is possible that lenders or debt investors may also become concerned if the company incurs large investment losses or if the level of the company's business activity decreases due to a market downturn or there are further adverse economic trends in the u.s. or japan, specifically, or generally in developed markets.
the company needs liquidity to pay its operating expenses, dividends on its common stock, interest on its debt, and liabilities. see the "liquidity and capital resources" item 7, md&a, for more information. in the event the company's current resources do not meet its needs, the company may need to seek additional financing. the company's access to additional financing will depend on a variety of factors such as market conditions, the general availability of credit within the financial services industry and its credit rating. see the risk factor below entitled, "any decrease in the company's financial strength or debt ratings may have an adverse effect on its competitive position and access to liquidity and capital" for more information.
broad economic factors such as consumer spending, business investment, government spending, the volatility and strength of the capital markets, inflation, and strain with the u.s. supply chain all affect the business and economic environment and, indirectly, the amount and profitability of the company's business. in an economic downturn characterized by higher unemployment, lower family income, lower corporate earnings, lower business investment and lower consumer spending, the demand for financial and insurance products could be adversely affected. this adverse effect could be particularly significant for companies such as aflac that distribute supplemental, discretionary insurance products primarily through the worksite in the event that economic conditions result in a decrease in the number of new hires and total employees. adverse changes in the economy could potentially lead the company's customers to be less inclined to purchase supplemental insurance coverage or to decide to cancel or modify existing insurance coverage. further, aflac u.s. may experience higher rates of policy lapses during periods of increased job turnover and workforce mobility within the u.s. economy. the above factors could adversely affect the company's net earned premiums, results of operations and financial condition. the company is unable to predict the course of the global financial markets or the recurrence, duration or severity of disruptions in such markets.
see the risk factor entitled "major public health issues, including covid-19 and any resulting or coincidental economic effects, could have an adverse impact on the company's financial condition and results of operations and other aspects of its business" for more information.
defaults, downgrades, widening credit spreads or other events impairing the value of the fixed maturity securities and loan receivables in the company's investment portfolio may reduce the company's earnings and capital position.
the company is subject to the risk that the issuers and/or guarantors of fixed maturity securities and loan receivables the company owns may default on principal or interest. a significant portion of the company's portfolio represents an unsecured obligation of the issuer, including some that may be subordinated to other debt in the issuer's capital structure. in these cases, many factors can influence the overall creditworthiness of the issuer and ultimately its ability to service and repay the company's holdings. this can include changes in the global economy, the company's assets, strategy, or management, shifts in the dynamics of the industries in which they compete, their access to additional funding, and the overall health of the credit markets. factors unique to the company's securities including contractual protections such as financial covenants or relative position in the issuer's capital structure also influence the value of the company's holdings.
most of the company's investments carry a rating by one or more of the nationally recognized statistical rating organizations (nrsros or rating agencies). any change in the rating agencies' approach to evaluating credit and assigning an opinion could negatively impact the fair value of the company's portfolio. any expected or sustained credit deterioration of the company's investments will negatively impact the company's net income and capital position through credit impairment and other credit related losses. credit related losses that are not temporary in nature would also affect the company's solvency ratios in the u.s. and japan. aflac japan has certain regulatory accounting requirements for realizing impairments that could be triggered by credit-related losses, which may be different from u.s. gaap and statutory requirements. these impairment losses could negatively impact aflac japan's earnings, and the corresponding item 1a. risk factors dividends and capital deployment. the company is also subject to the risk that any collateral providing credit enhancement to the company's investments could deteriorate.
the company is also exposed to the general movement in credit market spreads. a widening of credit spreads could reduce the value of the company's existing portfolio, create unrealized losses on its investment portfolio, and reduce the company's adjusted capital position and/or the dividend capacity of the company's insurance subsidiaries. a tightening of credit spreads could reduce the net investment income available to the company on new credit investments. increased market volatility also makes it difficult to value certain of the company's investment holdings. for more information, see the "critical accounting estimates" section of item 7, md&a, and the "credit risk" subsection of item 7a, quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk.
the company is exposed to significant interest rate risk, which may adversely affect its results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
the company has substantial investment portfolios that support its policy liabilities. interest rate risk is an inherent portfolio, business and capital risk for the company, and significant changes in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on the company's consolidated results of operations, financial condition or cash flows through realized losses, impairments, changes in unrealized positions, and liquidity. changes in interest rates could also result in the company having to recognize gains or losses because the company disposes of some or all of its investments prior to their maturity.
the company's exposure to interest rate risk relates primarily to the ability to invest future cash flows to support the interest rate assumption made at the time the company's products were priced and the related reserving assumptions were established. low levels of interest rates on investments experienced in japan and the u.s. over the last decade have also reduced the level of investment income earned by the company. while interest rates currently are rising in the u.s. and other regions, interest rates in japan remain low, and the company's overall level of investment income will continue to be negatively impacted from japan's low interest rates and from investments made prior to the start of recent rate increases. while the company generally seeks to maintain a diversified portfolio of fixed-income investments that reflects the cash flow and duration characteristics of the liabilities it supports, the company may not be able to fully mitigate the interest rate risk of its assets relative to its liabilities. prolonged periods of low interest rates also heighten the risk associated with future increases in interest rates because an increasing proportion of the company's investment portfolio include investments that bear lower rates of return than the embedded book yield of the investment portfolio. a rise in interest rates decreases the fair value of the company's debt securities.
a sustained decline in interest rates could hinder the company's ability to earn the returns assumed in the pricing and the reserving for its insurance products at the time they were sold and issued and may also influence the company's ability to develop and price attractive new products and could impact its overall sales levels. the company's first sector products are more interest rate sensitive than third sector products. as discussed in item 1, business, beginning in 2013, aflac japan began to curtail sales of first sector savings-type products due to persistent low interest rates in japan. the continuing negative interest rate imposed by the bank of japan (boj) on excess bank reserves could continue to have a negative impact on the distribution and pricing of these products.
conversely and concurrently, a rise in interest rates would improve the company's ability to earn higher rates of return on future investments, as well as floating rate investments held in its investment portfolio. however, rising interest rates negatively impact the fair values of the company's fixed maturity investments which results in reductions to the company's overall equity. significant increases in interest rates could cause declines in the values of the company's investment portfolio which have a secondary impact on the company's overall evaluation of its deferred tax asset position. an increase in the differential of short-term u.s. and japan interest rates would also increase the cost of hedging a portion of the u.s. dollar-denominated assets in the aflac japan segment into yen, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations or financial condition. further, some of the insurance products that aflac sells in the u.s. and japan provide cash surrender values, and a rise in interest rates could trigger significant policy surrenders, which might require the company to sell investment assets and recognize unrealized losses. rising interest rates also negatively impact capital ratios in certain jurisdictions because unrealized losses on the available-for-sale investment portfolio factor into the ratio. in addition to the unrealized losses negatively impacting capital ratios, significant unrealized losses could impact the amount of dividends that could be paid under local regulations, including in japan. for aflac japan, rising interest rates and widening credit spreads, which go to reduce the fair value of aflac japan's fixed-maturity investments, when combined with a strengthening yen, and the resulting decrease in the yen value of aflac japan's u.s. dollar-denominated fixed-maturity investments, have a negative impact to smr. for regulatory accounting purposes for aflac japan, there are also certain requirements for realizing impairments that could be triggered item 1a. risk factors by rising interest rates, negatively impacting aflac japan's regulatory earnings and corresponding dividends and capital deployment.
the company's floating rate investments typically bear interest based on the u.s. dollar (usd) london interbank offered rate (libor), although the company's more recent loan acquisitions bear interest based on the secured overnight financing rate (sofr). investments bearing interest based on libor are expected to transition to a rate based on sofr or another reference rate prior to the usd libor cessation date of june 30, 2023. the upcoming cessation of usd libor as an interest rate benchmark may create uncertainty in the valuation of usd libor-based loans, derivatives, and other financial contracts. the company is unable to predict with certainty how the upcoming cessation of usd libor may impact markets, pricing, liquidity and other factors or the company's activities.
see the "interest rate risk" subsection of item 7a, quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk for more information.
the company's concentration of business in japan poses risks to its operations and financial condition.
the company's operations in japan, including net investment gains and losses on aflac japan's investment portfolio, accounted for 69% of the company's total revenues in 2022, compared with 69% in 2021 and 68% in 2020. the japanese operations accounted for 80% of the company's total assets at december 31, 2022, compared with 82% at december 31, 2021.
any potential deterioration in japan's credit quality or access to markets, the overall economy of japan, or an increase in japanese market volatility could adversely impact aflac japan's operations and its financial condition and thereby aflac's overall financial performance. further, because of the concentration of the company's business in japan and its need for long-dated yen-denominated assets, the company has a substantial concentration of jgbs in its investment portfolio exposing the company to credit deterioration and potential downgrades of jgbs. see the risk factor entitled "any decrease in the company's financial strength or debt ratings may have an adverse effect on its competitive position and access to liquidity and capital" for more information.
the company seeks to match investment currency and interest rate risk to its yen liabilities. the low interest rates on yen-denominated securities has a negative effect on overall net investment income. a large portion of the cash available for reinvestment each year is deployed in yen-denominated instruments and subject to the low level of yen interest rates.
lack of availability of acceptable yen-denominated investments could adversely affect the company's results of operations, financial position or liquidity.
the company aims to match both the duration and currency of its assets with its liabilities. this is very difficult for aflac japan due to the lack of available long-dated yen-denominated fixed income instruments beyond jgbs.
aflac japan's investment strategy includes u.s. dollar-denominated investments for which a portion of dollar currency risk is mitigated by entering into currency hedges. this program includes public investment-grade bonds as well as u.s. dollar-denominated investment-grade commercial mortgage loans, middle market loans, infrastructure debt, collateralized loan obligations and other loan types, high yield bond and public and private equities. the company plans to continue adding other instruments denominated in u.s. dollars, including floating rate investments, to improve the portfolio diversification and/or return profile. some of the u.s. dollar-denominated asset classes that the company has added, and anticipates continuing to add, have less liquidity than investment-grade corporate bonds. further, in recent years the company has reduced the proportion of u.s. dollar-denominated investments that are subject to a currency hedge, and this proportion continues to be subject to change at the company's discretion. these strategies will continue to increase the company's exposure to u.s. interest rates, credit spreads and other risks. the company has increased u.s. dollar risk exposure in japan as the comprehensive hedging program may not always correlate to the underlying u.s. dollar-denominated assets, thereby increasing earnings volatility. these risks can significantly impact the company's consolidated results of operations, financial position or liquidity.
investing in u.s. dollar-denominated investments in aflac japan also creates an unmatched foreign currency exposure and related capital ratio volatility, as aflac japan's insurance liabilities are yen-denominated. although the company engages in certain foreign exchange hedging activities to partially mitigate this risk, and such hedged assets may be used to satisfy yen-denominated insurance liabilities and other business obligations, important risks remain.
foreign exchange derivatives used for hedging are periodically settled, which results in cash receipt or payment at maturity or early termination. cumulative net cash settlements on derivatives hedging currency exposure of aflac japan's item 1a. risk factors u.s. dollar-denominated investments are associated with existing u.s. dollar-denominated investments that continue to be hedged, previously hedged investments that continue to be held but are no longer hedged, and investments previously hedged that have since been sold, matured or redeemed and may or may not have not been converted to yen. the company's foreign exchange derivatives are typically shorter-dated than the underlying u.s. dollar-denominated investments being hedged, which creates roll-over risks within the hedging program that could increase the cost of such derivatives. if the company reduces the notional amount of foreign exchange derivatives prior to the maturity of the hedged u.s. dollar-denominated investments, the foreign exchange gains or losses on the u.s. dollar-denominated investments remain economically unrealized. these foreign currency gains or losses on the investments are only economically realized, or monetized, through sale, maturity or redemption of the investments and concurrent conversion to yen. however, the company may not realize the benefit of offsetting adverse cash settlements on hedging derivatives with cash receipts on the u.s. dollar-denominated investments if the currency exchange rates move in an adverse direction before the investments are converted to yen, or if the investments are never converted to yen. as an example of the latter, if the company's actual insurance risk experience in japan is as expected or more favorable than expected, the need for yen to pay expenses and claims would correspondingly remain at or below expected levels, thereby diminishing operational requirements to convert u.s. dollar-denominated investments to yen. the settlement of the foreign exchange derivatives is reported in the investing activities section of the company's consolidated statements of cash flows in the line item "settlement of derivatives, net."
see the risk factor entitled "the company is exposed to foreign currency fluctuations in the yen/dollar exchange rate", the "hedging activities" subsection of item 7, md&a, and the "currency risk" subsection of item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk for more information.
the company is exposed to foreign currency fluctuations in the yen/dollar exchange rate.
due to the size of aflac japan, where functional currency is the japanese yen, fluctuations in the exchange rate between the yen and the u.s. dollar can have a significant effect on the company's reported financial position and results of operations. aflac japan's premiums and a significant portion of its investment income are received in yen, and its claims and almost all expenses are paid in yen. aflac japan purchases yen-denominated assets and u.s. dollar-denominated assets, which may be hedged to yen, to support yen-denominated policy liabilities. certain unhedged u.s. dollar denominated assets and liabilities held by aflac japan are re-measured to yen with the volatility reported in earnings. furthermore, the yen-denominated balance sheet of aflac japan is translated into u.s. dollars for financial reporting purposes with foreign exchange impact reflected in equity. accordingly, fluctuations in the yen/dollar exchange rate can have a significant effect on the company's reported financial position and results of operations. yen weakening has the effect of suppressing current year results in relation to the prior year, while yen strengthening has the effect of magnifying current year results in relation to the prior year. in addition, the weakening of the yen relative to the u.s. dollar will generally adversely affect the value of the company's yen-denominated investments in u.s. dollar terms. when the yen strengthens in relation to the u.s. dollar, the yen value of aflac japan's unhedged u.s. dollar-denominated investments decreases, resulting in a decrease in smr. further, unhedged u.s. dollar-denominated securities held by aflac japan are exposed to foreign exchange fluctuations, which also impact smr. as a result, periods of unusually volatile currency exchange rates could result in limitations on dividends available to the parent company.
the company engages in certain foreign currency hedging activities to hedge the exposure to yen from its net investment in japanese operations. these hedging activities are limited in scope, and the company cannot provide assurance that these activities will be effective. in addition, an increase in the difference between short-term u.s. and japan interest rates would increase the cost of hedging a portion of the u.s. dollar-denominated assets in the aflac japan segment into yen, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations or financial condition. as indicated in the md&a, the company has determined that the unhedged u.s. dollar-denominated investment portfolio acts as a natural economic currency hedge of a portion of the company's investment in aflac japan against erosion of economic value. at the same time, the unhedged u.s. dollar-denominated investment portfolio creates an unmatched foreign currency exposure and subjects aflac japan to volatility in regulatory capital, including smr, and earnings, which may adversely impact aflac japan's ability to pay dividends to the parent company. the company has historically maintained and currently maintains the size of the unhedged portfolio at levels below the economic equity surplus in aflac japan, but there can be no assurance that this strategy will be successful.
for regulatory accounting purposes, there are certain requirements for realizing impairments that could be triggered by changes in the rate of exchange between the yen and u.s. dollar and could negatively impact aflac japan's earnings and the corresponding dividends and capital deployment.
additionally, the company is exposed to currency risk when yen cash flows are converted into u.s. dollars, resulting in changes in the company's u.s. dollar-denominated cash flows and earnings when exchange gains or losses, item 1a. risk factors respectively, are realized. this primarily occurs when aflac japan pays dividends in yen to the parent company, but it also has an impact when cash in the form of yen is converted to u.s. dollars for investment into u.s. dollar-denominated assets. the exchange rates prevailing at the time of dividend payment may differ from the exchange rates prevailing at the time the yen profits were earned. the parent company utilizes forward contracts to accomplish a dual objective of hedging foreign currency exchange rate risk related to dividend payments by aflac japan, and reducing enterprise-wide hedge costs. however, if the markets experience a significant strengthening of yen, this could cause cash strain at the parent company as a result of cash collateral and potentially cash settlement requirements. based on the timing and severity of exchange rate fluctuations combined with the level of outstanding activity in this program, the cash strain at the parent company could be significant.
for more information regarding unhedged u.s. dollar-denominated securities, see the risk factor above entitled, "lack of availability of acceptable yen-denominated investments could adversely affect the company's results of operations, financial position or liquidity". see the "currency risk" subsection of item 7a, quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk for more information.
the valuation of the company's investments and derivatives includes methodologies, estimations and assumptions that are subject to differing interpretations and could result in changes to investment valuations that may adversely affect the company's results of operations or financial condition.
the company reports a significant amount of its fixed maturity securities and other financial instruments at fair value. as such, valuations may include inputs and assumptions that are less observable or require greater estimation and valuation methods that are more sophisticated, thereby resulting in values that may be greater or less than the value at which the investments may be ultimately sold. rapidly changing and unprecedented credit and equity market conditions could materially impact the valuation of securities as reported within the company's consolidated financial statements and the period-to-period changes in value could vary significantly.
valuations of the company's derivatives fluctuate with changes in underlying market variables, such as interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. during periods of market turbulence created by political instability, economic uncertainty, government interventions or other factors, the company may experience significant changes in the volatility of its derivative valuations. extreme market conditions can also affect the liquidity of such instruments creating marked differences in transaction levels and counterparty valuations. depending on the severity and direction of the movements in its derivative valuations, the company will face increases in the amount of collateral required to be posted with its counterparties. liquidity stresses to the company may also occur if the required collateral amounts increase significantly over a very short period of time. conversely, the company may be exposed to an increase in counterparty credit risk for short periods of time while calling collateral from its counterparties.
where valuation and interest rates are based on usd libor, the upcoming cessation of usd libor as an interest rate benchmark may create uncertainty in valuation of usd libor-based loans, derivatives and other financial contracts in the pricing of such assets in markets for their sale and disposition.
see the "critical accounting estimates" section of item 7, md&a, and notes 1, 3, 4, and 5 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for more information.
the determination of the amount of expected credit losses recorded on the company's investments is based on significant valuation judgments and could materially impact its results of operations or financial position.
the company estimates an expected lifetime credit loss on investments measured at amortized cost including held-to-maturity fixed maturity securities, loan receivables and loan commitments. for the company's available-for-sale fixed maturity securities, the company evaluates estimated credit losses only when the fair value of the available-for-sale fixed maturity security is below its amortized cost basis.
the company's approach to estimating credit losses is complex and incorporates significant judgments. in addition to a security, or an asset class, or issuer-specific credit fundamentals, it considers relevant historical information (e.g. loss statistics), current market conditions and reasonable and supportable micro and macroeconomic forecasts. the company's management updates its expected credit loss assumptions regularly as conditions change and as new information becomes available and reflects expected credit losses in the company's earnings when considered necessary. furthermore, additional credit losses may need to be taken in the future. historical trends may not be indicative of future expectations of credit losses. see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in this report for more information.
item 1a. risk factors the company cannot provide assurance that these evaluations will be accurate and effective. if the company's estimates of credit losses are not accurate and actual credit losses are higher than the company's estimates, the company's net income and capital position will be negatively impacted. these higher losses would also negatively affect the company's solvency ratios in the u.s. and japan.
for regulatory accounting purposes for aflac japan, there are certain requirements for realizing impairments that could be triggered by rising interest rates, credit-related losses, or changes in foreign exchange, negatively impacting aflac japan's earnings and corresponding dividend and capital deployment.
any decrease in the company's financial strength or debt ratings may have an adverse effect on its competitive position and access to liquidity and capital.
nrsros may change their ratings or outlook on an insurer's ratings due to a variety of factors including but not limited to competitive position; profitability; cash generation and other sources of liquidity; capital levels; quality of the investment portfolio; and perception of management capabilities. the ratings assigned to the company by the nrsros are important factors in the company's ability to access liquidity and capital from the bank market, debt capital markets or other available sources, such as reinsurance transactions. downgrades of the company's credit ratings could give its derivative counterparties the right to require early termination of derivatives transactions or delivery of additional collateral, thereby adversely affecting the company's liquidity.
downgrades of the company's ratings could also have a material adverse effect on agent recruiting and retention, sales, competitiveness and the marketability of its products, all of which could negatively impact the company's liquidity, operating results and financial condition. additionally, sales through the bank channel in japan could be adversely affected as a result of their reliance on and sensitivity to ratings levels.
the company cannot predict what actions rating agencies may take, or what actions the company may take in response to the actions of rating agencies. as with other companies in the financial services industry, the company's ratings could be downgraded at any time and without any notice by any nrsro.
a decline in the creditworthiness of other financial institutions could adversely affect the company.
the company has exposure to and routinely executes transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including broker dealers, derivative counterparties, commercial banks and other institutions. the company uses derivative instruments to mitigate various risks associated with its investment portfolio, notes payable, and subsidiary dividends. the company's use of derivatives results in financial exposure to derivative counterparties. if the company's counterparties fail or refuse to honor their obligations under derivative instruments, the company's hedges of the risks will be ineffective, and the company's financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
the company engages in derivative transactions directly with affiliates and unaffiliated third parties under international swaps and derivatives association, inc. (isda) agreements and other documentation. most of the isda agreements also include credit support annexes (csas) provisions, which generally provide for two-way collateral postings at the first dollar of exposure. in addition, a significant portion of the derivative transactions have provisions that give the counterparty the right to terminate the transaction upon a downgrade of aflac's financial strength rating. the actual amount of payments that the company could be required to make depends on market conditions, the fair value of outstanding affected transactions, and other factors prevailing at and after the time of the downgrade. if the company is required to post collateral to support derivative contracts and/or pay cash to settle the contracts at maturity, the company's liquidity could be strained. in addition, the company's cleared swaps result in counterparty exposure to clearing brokers and central clearinghouses; while this exposure is mitigated in part by clearinghouse and clearing broker capital and regulation, no assurance can be provided that these counterparties will fulfill their obligations. the company also has exposure to counterparties to securities lending transactions in the event they fail to return loaned securities. the company is also exposed to the risk that there may be a decline in value of securities posted as collateral for securities lending programs or a decline in value of investments made with cash posted as collateral for such programs.
further, the company has agreements with various japanese financial institutions for the distribution of its insurance products. for example, at december 31, 2022, the company had agreements with 359 banks to market aflac's products in japan. sales through these banks represented 4.0% of aflac japan's new annualized premium sales in 2022. any material adverse effect on these or other financial institutions could also have an adverse effect on the company's sales.
the company has entered into significant reinsurance transactions with large, highly rated counterparties, including affiliates. in addition, aflac japan has entered into a reinsurance transaction with aflac re bermuda. (for additional item 1a. risk factors information on this transaction, see note 16 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.) aflac re bermuda is a newly formed entity with less capital than external counterparties with which the company has conducted reinsurance transactions in the past. negative events or developments affecting any one of these counterparties could have an adverse effect on the company's financial position or results of operations.
all of these risks related to exposure to other financial institutions could adversely impact the company's consolidated results of operations and financial condition.
the concentration of the company's investment portfolios in any particular single-issuer or sector of the economy may have an adverse effect on the company's financial position or results of operations.
negative events or developments affecting any particular single issuer, industry, group of related industries, asset class or geographic sector may have an adverse impact on a particular holding or set of holdings, which may increase risk of loss from defaults due to non-payment of interest or principal. to the extent the company has concentrated positions, it could have an adverse effect on the company's results of operations and financial position. see the "investments" section of item 7, md&a, and the "credit risk" section of item 7a, quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk, for more information.
operational-related risk factors major public health issues, including covid-19 and any resulting or coincidental economic effects, could have an adverse impact on the company's financial condition and results of operations and other aspects of its business.
due to the evolving nature of the covid-19 pandemic, the covid-19 pandemic and any resulting or coincidental economic effects could continue to impact the company's business, financial condition, results of operations, capital position, liquidity or prospects in a number of ways. the pandemic may cause changes to estimates of future earnings, capital deployment and other guidance the company has provided to the markets in the "2023 outlook" section of item 7, md&a.
policies issued by aflac japan and aflac u.s. are primarily sold and enrolled in person through face-to-face interaction. likewise, recruiting of new agents and brokers largely occurs through in-person contact. the ability of individual agents and agencies, strategic alliance partners, brokers and other distribution partners to make sales in japan and the u.s. and the ability to conduct agent and broker recruiting has been reduced by efforts to mitigate the effects of the pandemic, and by cultural and workplace changes that were caused by or are coincidental with the pandemic and may be long-term in nature, including social distancing techniques and remote working by employees. these efforts and changes may hinder sales of the company's products in japan and the u.s. the company cannot predict with certainty the continuing impact of these events on its distribution channels and financial results, but the impact to date has varied between aflac japan and aflac u.s. for example, most aflac u.s. business customers, and most of the independent agents in its agency channel, are small businesses who may lack the financial resources to weather an economic downturn and may be disproportionately negatively impacted by the economic uncertainty surrounding covid-19. these factors may continue to negatively impact sales beyond 2022. see the risk factors entitled "sales of the company's products and services are dependent on its ability to attract, retain and support a network of qualified sales associates, brokers and employees in the u.s. and sales associates and other distribution partners in japan" and "difficult conditions in global capital markets and the economy, including those caused by covid-19, could have a material adverse effect on the company's investments, capital position, revenue, profitability, and liquidity and harm the company's business" for more information.
further, the company's operations, as well as those of its vendors, service providers and counterparties, may also be adversely affected by the covid-19 pandemic or the mitigation efforts and cultural and workplace changes outlined above. during 2022, the company implemented return to work plans for aflac japan and aflac u.s. that are adaptable and based upon multiple factors including government orders, guidelines issued by public health authorities, the location and job responsibilities of specific company personnel, rates of covid-19 vaccinations, cases and deaths in various localities and other factors. the company may nevertheless experience operational disruptions.
the assumptions and estimates that the company uses in establishing premiums and reserves depend on the company's judgment regarding the likelihood of future events and are inherently uncertain, including without limitation in regard to the effects of covid-19. see the risk factor entitled "if future policy benefits, claims or expenses exceed those anticipated in establishing premiums and reserves, the company's financial results would be adversely affected" and the "executive summary" section of item 7, md&a, for more information.
item 1a. risk factors for more information on the effects of the covid-19 pandemic on markets and investments, see the risk factor entitled, "difficult conditions in global capital markets and the economy, including those caused by covid-19, could have a material adverse effect on the company's investments, capital position, revenue, profitability, and liquidity and harm the company's business."
sales of the company's products and services are dependent on its ability to attract, retain and support a network of qualified sales associates, brokers and employees in the u.s. and sales associates and other distribution partners in japan.
the company's sales, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected if its sales networks deteriorate or if the company does not adequately provide support, training and education for its existing network of sales associates, brokers, other distribution partners and employees. in the u.s., competition exists for sales associates and brokers with demonstrated ability. further, low rates of unemployment, such as those currently reflected in the u.s. employment market, tend to make it more difficult for aflac u.s. to maintain its network of sales associates. in japan, the company's sales results are dependent upon its relationship with sales associates and other distribution partners, including japan post group. sales of aflac japan cancer products in the japan post group channel experienced a material decline beginning in august 2019. while japan post group resumed proactive sales of cancer insurance policies on april 1, 2021 and the company anticipates a gradual improvement of cancer insurance sales through the japan post group channel over the intermediate term, the company can provide no assurance regarding the ultimate timing or extent of any recovery in such sales. it is uncertain what long-term effect these developments will have on the company's results of operations or financial condition, but any such effects could be material. see the "aflac japan segment" section of item 7. md&a for more information.
the company competes with other insurers and financial institutions primarily on the basis of its products, compensation, support services and financial rating. the company's sales associates, brokers and other distribution partners are independent contractors and may sell products of its competitors. if the company's competitors offer products that are more attractive, or pay higher commissions than the company does, any or all of these distribution partners may concentrate their efforts on selling the company's competitors' products instead of the company's. in addition to the company's commissioned sales force in the u.s., aflac has expanded its sales leadership team to include a salaried sales force of over 200 market directors and broker sales professionals. the company's inability to attract and retain qualified sales associates, brokers and other distribution partners, including its alliance partners in japan, could have a material adverse effect on the company's sales, results of operations and financial condition.
additionally, as the japan and u.s. employment markets continue to evolve, there is risk that the company's practices regarding attracting, developing, and retaining employees may not be fully effective. employees may leave the company or choose other employers over the company due to various factors, including a competitive labor market. although aflac u.s. has not experienced any material labor shortage to date, it has experienced elevated levels of workforce turnover and there has been an overall tightening of, and increased competition within, the u.s. labor market. these conditions, together with higher levels of inflation may result in increased operating expenses. a sustained labor shortage or continuing increased turnover rates within the aflac u.s. workforce, due to labor market factors or the state of the u.s. economy, could lead to increased costs of the day-to-day operation of the aflac u.s. business, the inability to hire and retain employees, or the outsourcing of certain operations. failure to successfully meet and maintain sufficient levels of employees may diminish the company's ability to achieve its financial and compliance objectives, both of which are time consuming and personnel-intensive.
if future policy benefits, claims or expenses exceed those anticipated in establishing premiums and reserves, the company's financial results would be adversely affected.
the assumptions and estimates that the company uses in establishing premiums and reserves depend on the company's judgment regarding the likelihood of future events and are inherently uncertain. many factors can cause actual outcomes to deviate from these assumptions and estimates, such as changes in incidence rates, economic conditions, changes in government healthcare policy, advances in medical technology, changes in treatment patterns, and changes in average lifespan. accordingly, the company cannot determine with precision the ultimate amounts that it will pay for, or the timing of payment of, actual benefits and claims or whether the assets supporting the policy liabilities will grow to the level the company assumes prior to payment of benefits or claims. if the company's actual experience is different from its assumptions or estimates, the company's premiums and reserves may prove inadequate. as a result, the company would incur a charge to earnings in the period in which it determines such a shortfall exists, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations and financial condition.
item 1a. risk factors the success of the company's business depends in part on effective information technology systems, on continuing to develop and implement improvements in technology, and on successful execution of revenue growth and expense management initiatives.
the company's business depends in large part on its technology systems for interacting with employers, policyholders, sales associates, and brokers, and the company's business strategy involves providing customers with easy-to-use products to meet their needs and ensuring employees have the technology in place to support those needs. some of the company's information technology systems and software are older, legacy-type systems that are less efficient and require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain or upgrade to current standards including adequate business continuity procedures. as such, the company is investing in technology and other capabilities to continuously enhance its customer experience, while also seeking to increase efficiencies. the company is also developing new and innovative products and enhancing existing products. the company will continue to incur expenses related to, among other things, investments in digital capabilities and product innovation. further, the company's long-term strategy depends on successful operational execution and its ability to execute on its transformational initiatives, including investments in technology and other initiatives intended to grow revenue and control expenses, combined with its ability to achieve efficiencies and attract and retain personnel. if the company does not maintain the effectiveness of its systems and continue to develop and enhance information systems that support its business processes in a cost-efficient manner, the company's sales, business retention, operations and reputation could be adversely affected and it could be exposed to litigation, regulatory proceedings and fines or penalties.
interruption in telecommunication, information technology and other operational systems, or a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality, integrity or privacy of sensitive data residing on such systems, could harm the company's business.
the company stores confidential policyholder, employee, agent, broker, and other proprietary information on its information technology systems. the company also depends heavily on its telecommunication, information technology and other operational systems and on the integrity and timeliness of data it uses to run its businesses and service its customers. the company's information technology and other systems, as well as those of third party providers and participants in the company's distribution channels, have been and will likely continue to be subject to physical or electronic break-ins, unauthorized tampering, security breaches, social engineering, phishing, web application attacks, computer viruses or other malicious codes, or other cyber-related attacks, that may result in the failure to adequately maintain the security, confidentiality, integrity, or privacy of sensitive data, including personal information relating to customers and prospective customers, or in the misappropriation of the company's intellectual property or proprietary information. the risk of a cyber incident impacting business operations has grown as third parties continue to develop new and highly sophisticated methods of attack. the company and its third-parties or vendors have and may continue to experience outages or cyberattacks that disrupt the operations or impact the confidentiality, availability or integrity of information, which may result in operational, legal, regulatory or financial harm. furthermore, depending upon the type of attack, it could impact the confidentiality, integrity and/or availability of it systems and data, disrupting business operations and resulting in the loss of consumer confidence. although the company attempts to manage its exposure to such events through the purchase of cyber liability insurance, such events are inherently unpredictable, and insurance may not be sufficient to protect the company against all losses. as a result, events such as these could adversely affect the company's financial condition or results of operation. although the minor data leakage issues the company has experienced to date have not had a material effect on its business, there is no assurance that the company's security systems or processes will prevent or mitigate future break-ins, tampering, security breaches or other cyber-related attacks. as the company pursues it transformation and increased cloud adoption, it inherently exposes the company to potential cyber related attacks.
interruption in telecommunication, information technology and other operational systems, or a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive data residing on such systems, whether due to actions by the company or others, including third party providers and participants in the company's distribution channels, could delay or disrupt the company's ability to do business and service its customers, seriously harm the company's brand, reputation, and ability to compete effectively, subject it to regulatory sanctions and other claims, lead to a loss of customers and revenues and otherwise adversely affect the company's business. in addition, the costs to address or remediate system interruptions or security threats and vulnerabilities, whether before or after an incident, could be significant.
as a holding company, the parent company depends on the ability of its subsidiaries to transfer funds to it to meet its debt service and other obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock.
the parent company is a holding company and has no direct operations, and its most significant assets are the stock of its subsidiaries. because the parent company conducts its operations through its operating subsidiaries, the parent item 1a. risk factors company depends on those entities for dividends and other payments to generate the funds necessary to meet its debt service and other obligations, to pay dividends on and conduct repurchases of its common stock, and to make investments into its subsidiaries or external opportunities.
aflac is domiciled in nebraska and is subject to insurance regulations that impose certain limitations and restrictions on payments of dividends, management fees, loans and advances by aflac to the parent company. the nebraska insurance statutes require prior approval for dividend distributions that exceed the greater of the net income from operations, which excludes net realized investment gains, for the previous year determined under statutory accounting principles, or 10% of statutory capital and surplus as of the previous year-end. the nebraska insurance department also must approve service arrangements and other transactions within the affiliated group of companies. after the japan branch conversion, the nebraska insurance department and the fsa approved their respective domiciled insurance company service arrangements and transactions. the fsa does not allow dividends or other payments from aflac japan unless it meets certain financial criteria as governed by japanese corporate law. under these criteria, dividend capacity at the japan subsidiary will be defined as retained earnings plus other capital reserve less net after-tax net unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities.
the ability of aflac and aflac japan to pay dividends or make other payments to the parent company could also be constrained by the company's dependency on financial strength ratings from independent rating agencies. the company's ratings from these agencies depend to a large extent on aflac's capitalization level. any inability of aflac to pay dividends or make other payments to the parent company could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition and results of operations.
for the foregoing reasons, there is no assurance that the earnings from, or other available assets of, the parent company's operating subsidiaries will be sufficient to make distributions to enable the company to operate.
the company's risk management policies and procedures may prove to be ineffective and leave the company exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risk, which could adversely affect the company's businesses or result in losses.
the company has developed an enterprise-wide risk management and governance framework to mitigate risk and loss to the company. the company maintains policies, procedures and controls intended to identify, measure, monitor, report and analyze the risks to which the company is exposed. however, there are inherent limitations to risk management strategies because risk may exist, or emerge in the future, that the company has not appropriately anticipated or identified. if the company's risk management framework proves ineffective, the company may suffer unexpected losses and could be materially adversely affected. as the company's businesses change and the markets in which it operates evolve, the company's risk management framework may not evolve at the same pace as those changes, and risks may not be appropriately identified, monitored or managed. in times of market stress, unanticipated market movements or unanticipated claims experience resulting from greater than expected morbidity, mortality, longevity, or persistency, the effectiveness of the company's risk management strategies may be limited, resulting in losses to the company. under difficult or less liquid market conditions, the company's risk management strategies may be ineffective or more difficult or expensive to execute because other market participants may be using the same or similar strategies to manage risk.
many of the company's risk management strategies or techniques are based upon historical customer and market behavior and all such strategies and techniques are based to some degree on management's subjective judgment. the company cannot provide assurance that its risk management framework, including the underlying assumptions or strategies, will be accurate and effective.
management of operational, legal and regulatory risks requires, among other things, policies, procedures and controls to record properly and verify a large number of transactions and events, and these policies, procedures and controls may not be fully effective. the company's businesses and corporate areas primarily use models to project future cash flows associated with pricing products, calculating reserves and valuing assets, and evaluating risk and determining capital requirements, among other uses. these models are utilized under a risk management policy approved by the company's executive risk management committees, however, the models may not operate properly and rely on assumptions and projections that are inherently uncertain. as the company's businesses continue to grow and evolve, the number and complexity of models the company utilizes expands, increasing the company's exposure to error in the design, implementation or use of models, including the associated input data and assumptions.
past or future misconduct by the company's employees or employees of third parties (suppliers which are cost-based relationships and alliance partners which are revenue-generating relationships) could result in violations of law by the company, regulatory sanctions and/or serious reputational or financial harm, and the precautions the company takes to item 1a. risk factors prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. despite the company's published supplier code of conduct, due diligence of the company's alliance partners, and rigorous contracting procedures (including financial, legal, it security, and risk reviews), there can be no assurance that controls and procedures that the company employs will be effective. additionally, the use of third parties also poses operational risks that could result in financial loss, operational disruption, brand damage, or compliance issues. inadequate oversight of the company's third party suppliers due to the lack of policies, procedures, training and governance may lead to financial loss or damage to the aflac brand.
the use of third party vendors to support the company's operations makes the company susceptible to the operational risk of those third parties, which could lower revenues, increase costs, reduce profits, disrupt business, or damage the company's reputation.
the company utilizes third-party vendors to provide certain business support services and functions, which exposes the company to risks outside the control of the company that may lead to business disruptions. the reliance on these third-party vendors creates a number of business risks, such as the risk that the company may not maintain service quality, control or effective management of the outsourced business operations and that the company cannot control the information systems, facilities or networks of such third-party vendors. additionally, the company is at risk of being unable to meet legal, regulatory, financial or customer obligations if the information systems, facilities or networks of a third-party vendor are disrupted, damaged or fail, whether due to physical disruptions, such as fire, natural disaster, pandemic or power outage, or due to cybersecurity incidents, ransomware or other impacts to vendors, including labor strikes, political unrest and terrorist attacks. since certain third-party vendors conduct operations for the company outside the u.s., the political and military events in foreign jurisdictions could have an adverse impact on the company's outsourced operations. the company may be adversely affected by a third party vendor who operates in a poorly controlled manner or fails to deliver contracted services, which could lower revenues, increase costs, reduce profits, disrupt business, or damage the company's reputation.
regulatory risk factors tax rates applicable to the company may change.
the company is subject to taxation in japan, and in the u.s. under federal and numerous state and local tax jurisdictions. in preparing the company's financial statements, the company estimates the amount of tax that will become payable, but the company's effective tax rate may be different than estimates due to numerous factors including accounting for income taxes, the mix of earnings from japan and the u.s., the results of tax audits, adjustments to the value of uncertain tax positions, changes to estimates and other factors. further, changes in u.s. or japan tax laws or interpretations of such laws could increase the company's corporate taxes and reduce earnings.
in addition, it remains difficult to predict the timing and effect that future tax law changes could have on the company's earnings both in the u.s. and in foreign jurisdictions, including in connection with the current presidential administration's continuing interest in raising revenue from the corporate sector in the u.s. any of these factors could cause the company to experience an effective tax rate significantly different from previous periods or the company's current estimates. if the company's effective tax rate were to increase, the company's financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
if the company fails to comply with restrictions on customer privacy and information security, including taking steps to ensure that its third-party service providers and business associates who access, store, process or transmit sensitive customer information maintain its security, integrity, confidentiality and availability, the company's reputation and business operations could be materially adversely affected.
the collection, maintenance, use, protection, disclosure and disposal of individually identifiable data by the company's businesses are regulated at the international, federal and state levels. these laws and rules are subject to change by legislation or administrative or judicial interpretation. with regard to personal information obtained from policyholders, the insured, or others, aflac japan is regulated in japan by the appi and guidelines issued by fsa and other governmental authorities.
various state laws in the u.s. address the unauthorized access and acquisition of personal information and the use and disclosure of individually identifiable health data. hipaa requires the company to impose privacy and security requirements on its business associates (as such term is defined in the hipaa regulations). several states including california and new york, in which aflac u.s. conducts significant portions of its business, have made changes to their privacy or cybersecurity laws or regulations in recent years. further, the u.s. congress and many states are considering new privacy and security requirements that would apply to the company's business. compliance with new privacy and item 1a. risk factors security laws, requirements, and new regulations may result in cost increases due to necessary systems changes, new limitations or constraints on the company's business models, the development of new administrative processes, and the effects of potential noncompliance by the company's business associates. they also may impose further restrictions on the company's collection, disclosure and use of customer identifiable data that are housed in one or more of the company's administrative databases. noncompliance with any privacy laws or any security breach involving the misappropriation, loss, theft or other unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential customer information, whether by the company or by one of its third parties, could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, reputation, brand and results of operations, including: material fines and penalties; compensatory, special, punitive and statutory damages; consent orders regarding the company's privacy and security practices; adverse actions against the company's licenses to do business; and injunctive relief.
in addition, under japanese laws and regulations, including the appi, if a leak or loss of personal information by aflac japan or its business associates should occur, depending on factors such as the volume of personal data involved and the likelihood of other secondary damage, aflac japan may be required to file reports to the fsa; issue public releases explaining such incident to the public; or become subject to an fsa business improvement order, which could pose a risk to the company's reputation.
although the company provides for appropriate protections through its contracts and performs information security risk assessments of its third-party service providers and business associates, the company still has limited control over their actions and practices. in addition, despite the security measures the company has in place to ensure compliance with applicable laws and rules, the company's facilities and systems, and those of the company's third-party providers and participants in its distribution channels may be vulnerable to security breaches, acts of vandalism or theft, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors or other similar events. from time to time, the company, its third party providers and participants in the company's distribution channels have experienced and will likely continue to experience such events. in such cases, notification to affected individuals, state and federal regulators, state attorneys general and media may be required, depending upon the number of affected individuals and whether personal information including health or financial data was subject to unauthorized access.
extensive regulation and changes in legislation can impact profitability and growth.
aflac's insurance subsidiaries are subject to complex laws and regulations that are administered and enforced by a number of governmental authorities, that exercise a degree of interpretive latitude, including the fsa and ministry of finance (mof) in japan, state insurance regulators, the bma in bermuda, the sec, the naic, the fio, the u.s. department of justice, state attorneys general, the u.s. commodity futures trading commission, and the u.s. treasury, including the internal revenue service (irs), in the u.s. the company is subject to the risk that compliance with any particular regulator's or enforcement authority's interpretation of a legal or regulatory issue may result in non-compliance with another regulator's or enforcement authority's interpretation of the same issue, particularly when compliance is judged in hindsight. further, regulatory authorities periodically re-examine existing laws and regulations applicable to insurance companies and their products. changes in these laws and regulations, or in interpretations thereof, could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition and results of operations. in addition, changes in the overall legal or regulatory environment may, even absent any particular regulator's or enforcement authority's interpretation of an issue changing, cause the company to change its views regarding the actions it needs to take from a legal or regulatory risk management perspective. this may necessitate changes to the company's practices that may, in some cases, limit its ability to grow or otherwise negatively impact the profitability of the company's business.
if the company's subsidiaries fail to meet the minimum capital or operational requirements established by its respective regulators, they could be subject to examination or corrective action, or the company's financial strength ratings could be downgraded, or both. compliance with applicable laws and regulations is time consuming and personnel-intensive, and changes in these laws and regulations may materially increase the company's direct and indirect compliance and other expenses of doing business, thus having a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition and results of operations. see the "government regulation" subsections of item 1, business, for more information.
general risk factors competition could adversely affect the company's ability to increase or maintain its market share or profitability.
the company operates in a competitive environment and in an industry that is subject to ongoing changes from market pressures brought about by customer demands, legislative reform, marketing practices and changes to health care and health insurance delivery. these factors require the company to anticipate market trends and make changes to differentiate the company's products and services from those of its competitors. the company also faces potential item 1a. risk factors competition from existing or new companies in the u.s. and japan that have not historically been active in the supplemental health insurance industry, but some of which have greater financial, marketing and management resources than the company. further, some of these potential competitors could introduce new means of product development and delivery that disrupt the company's business model. failure to anticipate market trends and/or to differentiate the company's products and services can affect the company's ability to retain or grow profitable lines of business. further, as employers and brokers are increasingly requesting a full suite of products from one insurance provider, a failure to react and adapt to these demands could result in decreased sales or market share.
the company's future success will depend, in part, on its ability to keep pace with rapid technological changes and to use technology to satisfy and grow customer demand for the company's products and services and to create additional efficiencies in its operations. the company may not be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to its customers. a failure to meet evolving customer demands through innovative product development, effective distribution channels, and continuous investment in the company's technology could adversely affect the company's operating results. further, the evolving fragmentation of media and marketing channels that has developed over recent years could weaken the impact of the company's advertising efforts over time. as a result, the company's ability to effectively compete to retain or acquire new business may be impaired, and its business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected.
catastrophic events, including as a result of climate change, could adversely affect the company's financial condition and results of operations as well as the availability of the company's infrastructure and systems.
the company's insurance operations are exposed to the risk of catastrophic events including, but not necessarily limited to, epidemics, pandemics, tornadoes, hurricanes, earthquakes, tsunamis, war or other military action, and terrorism or other acts of violence. claims resulting from natural or man-made catastrophic events could cause substantial volatility in the company's financial results for any fiscal quarter or year and could materially reduce its profitability or harm the company's financial condition, as well as affect its ability to write new business. in addition, such events may lead to periods of voluntary or required premium grace periods, which may lead to volatility in lapse rates and related premiums. additionally, the company's business operations may be adversely affected by such catastrophic events to the extent they disrupt the company's physical infrastructure, human resources or systems that support its businesses and customers. although the company has a global crisis management framework to minimize the business disruption from a catastrophic event, such framework may not be effective to avoid an adverse impact to the company from such an event. climate change may increase the frequency and severity of natural disasters such as hurricanes, tornadoes, floods and forest fires. further, the company cannot predict the effects that any legal or regulatory changes made in response to climate change concerns would have on the company's business. in addition, while assessment of risks related to climate change are part of the company's credit review process, climate change-related risks may adversely impact the value of the securities that the company holds.
events, including those external to the company's operations, could damage the company's reputation.
the company has made significant investments in the aflac brand over a long period of time. because insurance products are intangible, the company's ability to compete for and maintain policyholders relies to a large extent on consumer trust in the company's business, including its alliance partners, sales associates and other distribution partners. the perception of unfavorable business practices or financial weakness with respect to the company, its alliance partners, sales associates or other distribution partners could create doubt regarding the company's ability to honor the commitments it has made to its policyholders. such perceptions could also negatively impact the company's ability to attract and retain qualified sales associates, brokers and other distribution partners, including its alliance partners in japan, and could have a material adverse effect on the company's sales, results of operations and financial condition. these effects could also result from a perception of a lack of commitment to sustainability efforts and attention to societal impacts, unfavorable positions on items of public policy, or from failure to make progress toward the company's sustainability goals. maintaining the company's stature as a trustworthy insurer and responsible corporate citizen, which helps support the strength of the company's brand, is critical to the company's reputation and the failure or perceived failure to do so could adversely affect the company's brand value, financial condition and results of operations.
the company depends heavily on key management personnel, and the loss of services of one or more of its key executives could harm the company's business.
the company's success depends to a significant extent on the efforts and abilities of its key management personnel. the loss of the services of one or more of the company's senior executives could significantly undermine its management expertise, and the company's business could be adversely affected.
item 1a. risk factors changes in accounting standards issued by the financial accounting standard boards (fasb) or other standard-setting bodies may adversely affect the company's financial statements.
the company's financial statements are subject to the application of u.s. gaap, which is periodically revised and/or expanded. accordingly, from time to time the company is required to adopt new or revised accounting standards issued by recognized authoritative bodies, including the fasb. changes to accounting standards could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations and financial condition. see note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for more information.
the company faces risks related to litigation, regulatory investigations and inquiry and other matters.
the company is a defendant in various lawsuits considered to be in the normal course of business. the final results of any litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, and plaintiffs may seek very large amounts in class actions or other litigation. although some of this litigation is pending in states where large punitive damages, bearing little relation to the actual damages sustained by plaintiffs, have been awarded in recent years, the company believes the outcome of pending litigation will not have a material adverse effect on its financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. however, a substantial legal liability or a significant federal, state or other regulatory action against the company, as well as regulatory inquiries or investigations, could harm the company's reputation, result in changes in operations, result in material fines or penalties, result in significant costs due to legal fees, settlements or judgments against the company, or otherwise have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition and results of operations. without limiting the foregoing, the litigation and regulatory matters the company is, has been, or may become, subject to include matters related to sales agent recruiting, policy sales practices, claim payments and procedures including denial or delay of benefits, the low level of aflac u.s. benefit ratios in recent financial periods, material misstatements or omissions in the company's financial reports or other public statements, and/or corporate governance, corporate culture or business ethics matters. further, the company may be subject to claims of or litigation regarding sexual or other forms of misconduct or harassment, or discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, gender, or other bases, notwithstanding that the company's code of business conduct and ethics prohibits such harassment and discrimination by its employees, the company has ongoing training programs and provides opportunities to report claims of noncompliant conduct, and it investigates and may take disciplinary action regarding alleged harassment or discrimination. any violations of or deviation from laws, regulations, internal or external codes or standards of normative behavior, or perceptions of such violations or deviations, by the company's employees or by independent sales agents could adversely impact the company's reputation and brand value, financial condition and results of operations.
allegations or determinations of agent misclassification could adversely affect the company's results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
a majority of the company's u.s. sales force is, and has historically been, comprised of independent agents. while the company believes that it has properly classified such agents as independent contractors, the company may be subject to claims, regulatory action by state or federal departments of labor or tax authorities, changes in state or federal law, or litigation asserting that such agents are employees. the laws and regulations governing the classification of workers in the u.s. may be changed or interpreted differently compared to past interpretations, including in states where the company generates significant sales through independent agents. an allegation or determination that independent agents in the company's u.s. sales force have been misclassified as independent contractors could result in changes in the company's operations and u.s. business model, result in material fines or penalties, result in significant costs due to legal fees, settlements or judgments against the company, or otherwise have a material adverse effect on the company's business, results of operation, financial condition and liquidity.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations certain statements included in this section constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the u.s. private securities litigation reform act of 1995. forward-looking statements are made based on management's current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects upon the company. the company's actual results may differ, possibly materially, from expectations or estimates reflected in such forward-looking statements. certain important factors that could cause actual results to differ, possibly materially, from expectations or estimates reflected in such forward-looking statements can be found in the "risk factors" and "forward-looking statements" sections herein.
md&a overview the following financial review provides a discussion of the company's results of operations and financial condition, as well as a summary of the company's critical accounting estimates. this section should be read in conjunction with part i - item 1. business and the audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in part ii - item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this report. this md&a is divided into the following sections:
page executive summary                             33
industry trends outlook results of operations investments                                   49
hedging activities                            53
policy liabilities benefit plans policyholder protection                       57
liquidity and capital resources               57
critical accounting estimates                 64
the company elected to omit discussion on the earliest of the three years covered by the consolidated financial statements presented in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data. readers should refer to item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations located in the company's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2021, filed on february 23, 2022, for reference to discussion of the year ended december 31, 2020, the earliest of the three years presented. amounts reported in this md&a may not foot due to rounding.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations executive summary market conditions the impact of the covid-19 global pandemic on the company continues to evolve and the continued path of the global economic recovery remains uncertain given the potential longer-term impacts that have resulted from or are coincidental with the pandemic. for example, economic conditions have acted as headwinds to sales and earned premiums in 2022. further, continued widening of the differential between u.s. and japan interest rates has contributed to a weakening of the yen, which has the effect of suppressing the company's current period results in relation to the comparable prior period. for additional information see the result of operations by segment section of this md&a.
performance highlights for the full year of 2022, total revenues were down 11.8% to $19.5 billion, compared with $22.1 billion for the full year of 2021. net earnings were $4.2 billion, or $6.59 per diluted share, for the full year of 2022, compared with $4.3 billion, or $6.39 per diluted share, for the full year of 2021, reflecting an income tax benefit of $452 million from the release of a deferred tax liability.
results for 2022 included pretax net investment gains of $363 million, compared with net investment gains of $468 million in 2021. net investment gains in 2022 included an increase in credit loss allowances of $36 million; $273 million of net gains from certain derivative and foreign currency gains or losses; $341 million of net losses on equity securities; and $467 million of net gains from sales and redemptions.
the average yen/dollar exchange rate(1) in 2022 was 130.17, or 15.7% weaker than the rate of 109.79 in 2021.
adjusted earnings(2) for the full year of 2022 were $3.4 billion, or $5.33 per diluted share, compared with $4.0 billion, or $5.94 per diluted share, in 2021. the weaker yen/dollar exchange rate negatively impacted adjusted earnings per diluted share by $.34.
total investments and cash at december 31, 2022 were $117.4 billion, compared with $143.0 billion at december 31, 2021. the decline in the portfolio was principally driven by the weaker yen and higher interest rates. in 2022, aflac incorporated repurchased $2.4 billion, or 39.2 million of its common shares. at december 31, 2022, the company had 116.6 million remaining shares authorized for repurchase.
shareholders' equity was $22.4 billion, or $36.35 per share, at december 31, 2022, compared with $33.3 billion, or $50.99 per share, at december 31, 2021. shareholders' equity at december 31, 2022 included a net unrealized loss on investment securities and derivatives of $729 million, compared with a net unrealized gain of $9.6 billion at december 31, 2021. shareholders' equity at december 31, 2022 also included an unrealized foreign currency translation loss of $3.6 billion, compared with an unrealized foreign currency translation loss of $2.0 billion at december 31, 2021. the annualized return on average shareholders' equity in 2022 was 15.1%.
shareholders' equity excluding accumulated other comprehensive income (aoci) (adjusted book value)(2) was $26.8 billion, or $43.51 per share at december 31, 2022, compared with $25.9 billion, or $39.65 per share, at december 31, 2021. the annualized adjusted return on equity excluding foreign currency impact(2) in 2022 was 13.7%.
(1) yen/u.s. dollar exchange rates are based on the published mufg bank, ltd. telegraphic transfer middle rate (ttm).
(2) see the results of operations section of this md&a for a definition of this non-u.s. gaap financial measure.
industry trends the company is impacted by financial markets, economic conditions, regulatory oversight and a variety of trends that affect the industries where it competes.
financial and economic environment the company's business and results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the global capital markets and the economy generally. stressed conditions, volatility and disruptions in global capital markets, particular markets, or financial asset classes can have an adverse effect on the company, in part because the company has a large investment portfolio and its insurance liabilities and derivatives are sensitive to changing market factors. see item 1a. risk factors for the risk factor entitled, "difficult conditions in global capital markets and the economy, including those caused by item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations covid-19, could have a material adverse effect on the company's investments, capital position, revenue, profitability, and liquidity and harm the company's business."
demographics aflac japan segment with japan's aging population and the rise in healthcare costs, supplemental health care insurance products remain attractive. however, due to the aging population and decline in birthrate, new opportunities for customer demographics are not as readily available. japan's existing customers and potential customers seek products that are easily understood, cost-effective and can be accessed through technology-enabled devices.
aflac u.s. segment customer demographics continue to evolve and new opportunities present themselves in different customer segments such as the millennial and multicultural markets. customer expectations and preferences are changing. trends indicate existing customers and potential customers seek cost-effective solutions that are easily understood and can be accessed through technology-enabled devices. additionally, income protection and the health needs of retiring baby boomers are continuing to shape the insurance industry.
regulatory environment see item 1. business - aflac japan government regulation and aflac u.s. government regulation for a discussion of regulatory developments that may impact the company and the associated risks.
competitive environment see item 1. business - aflac japan competitive markets and aflac u.s. competitive markets for a discussion of the competitive environment and the basis on which the company competes in each of its segments.
2023 outlook the company's strategy to drive long-term shareholder value is to pursue growth through product development and distribution expansion and to achieve efficiencies by modernizing its technology and streamlining its operations.
the company's objectives in 2023 are to maintain strong pre-tax margins with increased sales production through product refreshment in its aflac japan segment and to begin realizing benefits from its buy to build initiatives and other platform investments, manage expenses and strengthen the number of career agents for aflac u.s. the company believes that its strategy of positioning itself for future growth and efficiency while defending and leveraging its market-leading position, powerful brand recognition and diverse distribution in japan and the u.s. will provide support toward these objectives.
the company announced a 5.0% increase in the first quarter 2023 dividend compared to the prior quarter, and it intends to maintain strong capital ratios in aflac japan and aflac u.s. in support of its commitment to shareholder dividends while remaining tactical in its deployment of capital in the form of share repurchases and opportunistic investments. the company intends to maintain a minimum smr of 500% for aflac japan and a target combined rbc over time of approximately 400% for aflac u.s., consistent with the company's risk management practices.
aflac japan segment for aflac japan, the company anticipates that the shift in premiums over the last several years from first sector savings products to third sector cancer and medical products and first sector protection products, will continue to result in moderately lower benefit ratios in the aflac japan segment. the company expects that benefit and expense ratios will continue to experience some level of revenue pressure due to the impact of paid up policies and reduced sales compared to years prior to the covid-19 pandemic. for the 2023 through 2024 period, the company expects a decline in aflac japan net earned premiums in the low single digit range after adjusting for the impact of deferred profit liability reclassification and an expected new internal reinsurance program, with a benefit ratio in the range of 66% to 68% and an expense ratio in the range of 20% to 22%.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations aflac u.s. segment for aflac u.s., the company expects benefit ratios to normalize in 2023 and for expense ratios to decline over the next five years as the company begins to realize the benefits from investments into u.s. platforms, continues to scale its acquisitions, and focuses on earned premium growth. for the 2023 through 2024 period, the company expects aflac u.s. net earned premium growth of 3% to 5% on a compound annual growth rate basis, with a benefit ratio in the range of 47% to 50% and an expense ratio in the range of 37% to 40%.
corporate and other the company expects corporate and other results to reflect stable net investment income in 2023 compared to 2022, assuming that u.s. interest rates remain stable.
for important disclosures applicable to statements made in this 2023 outlook, please see the statement on forward-looking information at the beginning of item 1. business, the risk factors identified in item 1a. and this item 7. md&a.
results of operations the company earns its revenues principally from insurance premiums and investments. the company's operating expenses primarily consist of insurance benefits provided and reserves established for anticipated future insurance benefits, general business expenses, commissions and other costs of selling and servicing its products. profitability for the company depends principally on its ability to price its insurance products at a level that enables the company to earn a margin over the costs associated with providing benefits and administering those products. profitability also depends on, among other items, actuarial and policyholder behavior experience on insurance products, and the company's ability to attract and retain customer assets, generate and maintain favorable investment results, effectively deploy capital and utilize tax capacity, and manage expenses.
this document includes references to the company's financial performance measures which are not calculated in accordance with united states generally accepted accounting principles (u.s. gaap) (non-u.s. gaap). the financial measures exclude items that the company believes may obscure the underlying fundamentals and trends in insurance operations because they tend to be driven by general economic conditions and events or related to infrequent activities not directly associated with insurance operations.
due to the size of aflac japan, where the functional currency is the japanese yen, fluctuations in the yen/dollar exchange rate can have a significant effect on reported results. in periods when the yen weakens, translating yen into dollars results in fewer dollars being reported. when the yen strengthens, translating yen into dollars results in more dollars being reported. consequently, yen weakening has the effect of suppressing current period results in relation to the comparable prior period, while yen strengthening has the effect of magnifying current period results in relation to the comparable prior period. a significant portion of the company's business is conducted in yen and never converted into dollars but translated into dollars for u.s. gaap reporting purposes, which results in foreign currency impact to earnings, cash flows and book value on a u.s. gaap basis. management evaluates the company's financial performance both including and excluding the impact of foreign currency translation to monitor, respectively, cumulative currency impacts and the currency-neutral operating performance over time. the average yen/dollar exchange rate is based on the published mufg bank, ltd. telegraphic transfer middle rate (ttm).
the company defines the non-u.s. gaap financial measures included in this document as follows:
adjusted earnings are adjusted revenues less benefits and adjusted expenses. adjusted earnings per share (basic or diluted) are the adjusted earnings for the period divided by the weighted average outstanding shares (basic or diluted) for the period presented. the adjustments to both revenues and expenses account for certain items that cannot be predicted or that are outside management's control. adjusted revenues are u.s. gaap total revenues excluding adjusted net investment gains and losses. adjusted expenses are u.s. gaap total acquisition and operating expenses including the impact of interest cash flows from derivatives associated with notes payable but excluding any nonrecurring or other items not associated with the normal course of the company's insurance operations and that do not reflect the company's underlying business performance. management uses adjusted earnings and adjusted earnings per diluted share to evaluate the financial performance of the company's insurance operations on a consolidated basis and believes that a presentation of these financial measures is vitally important to an understanding of the underlying profitability drivers and trends of the company's insurance business. the most comparable u.s. gaap financial measures for adjusted earnings and adjusted earnings per share (basic or diluted) are net earnings and net earnings per share, respectively.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
adjusted net investment gains and losses are net investment gains and losses adjusted for i) amortized hedge cost/income related to foreign currency exposure management strategies and certain derivative activity, ii) net interest cash flows from foreign currency and interest rate derivatives associated with certain investment strategies, which are both reclassified to net investment income, and iii) the impact of interest cash flows from derivatives associated with notes payable, which is reclassified to interest expense as a component of total adjusted expenses. the company considers adjusted net investment gains and losses important as it represents the remainder amount that is considered outside management's control, while excluding the components that are within management's control and are accordingly reclassified to net investment income and interest expense. the most comparable u.s. gaap financial measure for adjusted net investment gains and losses is net investment gains and losses.
amortized hedge costs/income represent costs/income incurred or recognized as a result of using foreign currency derivatives to hedge certain foreign exchange risks in the company's japan segment or in corporate and other. these amortized hedge costs/ income are estimated at the inception of the derivatives based on the specific terms of each contract and are recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the hedge. the company believes that amortized hedge costs/income measure the periodic currency risk management costs/income related to hedging certain foreign currency exchange risks and are an important component of net investment income. there is no comparable u.s. gaap financial measure for amortized hedge costs/ income.
adjusted earnings excluding current period foreign currency impact are computed using the average foreign currency exchange rate for the comparable prior-year period, which eliminates fluctuations driven solely by foreign currency exchange rate changes. adjusted earnings per diluted share excluding current period foreign currency impact is adjusted earnings excluding current period foreign currency impact divided by the weighted average outstanding diluted shares for the period presented. the company considers adjusted earnings excluding current period foreign currency impact and adjusted earnings per diluted share excluding current period foreign currency impact important because a significant portion of the company's business is conducted in japan and foreign exchange rates are outside management's control; therefore, the company believes it is important to understand the impact of translating foreign currency (primarily japanese yen) into u.s. dollars. the most comparable u.s. gaap financial measures for adjusted earnings excluding current period foreign currency impact and adjusted earnings per diluted share excluding current period foreign currency impact are net earnings and net earnings per share, respectively.
adjusted book value is the u.s. gaap book value (representing total shareholders' equity), less aoci as recorded on the u.s. gaap balance sheet. adjusted book value per common share is adjusted book value at the period end divided by the ending outstanding common shares for the period presented. the company considers adjusted book value and adjusted book value per common share important as they exclude aoci, which fluctuates due to market movements that are outside management's control. the most comparable u.s. gaap financial measures for adjusted book value and adjusted book value per common share are total book value and total book value per common share, respectively.
adjusted return on equity excluding foreign currency impact is adjusted earnings excluding the current period foreign currency impact divided by average shareholders' equity, excluding aoci. the company considers adjusted return on equity excluding foreign currency impact important as it excludes changes in foreign currency and components of aoci, which fluctuate due to market movements that are outside management's control. the most comparable u.s. gaap financial measure for adjusted return on equity excluding foreign currency impact is roe as determined using net earnings and average total shareholders' equity.
u.s. dollar-denominated investment income excluding foreign currency impact represents amounts excluding foreign currency impact on u.s. dollar-denominated investment income using the average foreign currency exchange rate for the comparable prior year period. the company considers u.s. dollar-denominated investment income excluding foreign currency impact important as it eliminates the impact of foreign currency changes on the aflac japan segment results, which are outside management's control. the most comparable u.s. gaap financial measure for u.s. dollar-denominated investment income excluding foreign currency impact is the corresponding net investment income amount from the u.s. dollar denominated investments translated to yen.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following table is a reconciliation of items impacting adjusted earnings and adjusted earnings per diluted share to the most directly comparable u.s. gaap financial measures of net earnings and net earnings per diluted share, respectively, for the years ended december 31.
reconciliation of net earnings to adjusted earnings in millions   per diluted share
2022                                                                                                                  2021               2022                      2021
net earnings                                                                        $4,201                      $4,325                               $6.59                  $6.39
items impacting net earnings:
adjusted net investment (gains) losses (1)                                           (447)                       (462)                               (.70)                  (.68)
other and non-recurring (income) loss                                                  (1)                          73                   .00                       .11
income tax (benefit) expense on items excluded from adjusted earnings (2)            (357)                          83                               (.56)         .12
adjusted earnings                                                                    3,397                       4,019                   5.33                      5.94
current period foreign currency impact (3)                                             215                             n/a               .34                                n/a adjusted earnings excluding current period                                          $3,613                      $4,019                               $5.67                  $5.94
foreign currency impact
(1) see reconciliation of net investment (gains) losses to adjusted net investment (gains) losses below.
(2) includes release of $452 in deferred taxes in 2022.
(3) prior period foreign currency impact reflected as "n/a" to isolate change for current period only.
reconciling items net investment gains and losses reconciliation of net investment (gains) losses to adjusted net investment (gains) losses
(in millions)                                                                                         2022                    2021
net investment (gains) losses                                                                   $(363)                   $(468)
items impacting net investment (gains) losses:
amortized hedge costs                                                                            (112)                     (76)
amortized hedge income                                                                              68                       57
net interest cash flows from derivatives associated with certain investment strategies            (90)                     (30)
interest rate component of the change in fair value of foreign currency swaps on                    50                       55
notes payable adjusted net investment (gains) losses                                                          $(447)                   $(462)
the company's investment strategy is to invest primarily in fixed maturity securities to provide a reliable stream of investment income, which is one of the drivers of the company's profitability. this investment strategy incorporates asset-liability matching (alm) to align the expected cash flows of the portfolio to the needs of the company's liability structure. the company does not purchase securities with the intent of generating investment gains or losses. however, investment gains and losses may be realized as a result of changes in the financial markets and the creditworthiness of specific issuers, tax planning strategies, and/or general portfolio management and rebalancing. the realization of investment gains and losses is independent of the underwriting and administration of the company's insurance products.
net investment gains and losses excluded from adjusted earnings include the following:
securities transactions
credit losses
changes in the fair value of equity securities
certain derivative and foreign currency activities.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations securities transactions, credit losses and changes in the fair value of equity securities securities transactions include gains and losses from sales and redemptions of investments where the amount received is different from the amortized cost of the investment. credit losses include losses for held-to-maturity fixed maturity securities, available-for-sale fixed maturity securities, loan receivables, loan commitments and reinsurance recoverables. changes in the fair value of equity securities are the result of gains or losses driven by fluctuations in market prices.
certain derivative and foreign currency activities the company's derivative activities include:
foreign currency forwards and options used in hedging foreign exchange risk on u.s. dollar-denominated investments in aflac japan's portfolio, with options used on a standalone basis and/or in a collar strategy;
foreign currency forwards and options used to economically hedge certain portions of forecasted cash flows denominated in yen and hedge the company's long term exposure to a weakening yen;
cross-currency interest rate swaps, also referred to as foreign currency swaps, associated with certain senior notes and subordinated debentures;
foreign currency swaps that are associated with variable interest entity (vie) bond purchase commitments, and investments in special-purpose entities, including vies where the company is the primary beneficiary;
interest rate swaps used to economically hedge interest rate fluctuations in certain variable-rate investments;
interest rate swaptions used to hedge changes in the fair value associated with interest rate fluctuations for certain u.s. dollar-denominated available-for-sale fixed-maturity securities; and
bond purchase commitments at the inception of investments in consolidated vies.
gains and losses are recognized as a result of valuing these derivatives, net of the effects of hedge accounting. the company also excludes from adjusted earnings the accounting impacts of remeasurement associated with changes in the foreign currency exchange rate.
for additional information regarding net investment gains and losses, including details of reported amounts for the periods presented, see notes 3 and 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
other and non-recurring items the u.s. insurance industry has a policyholder protection system that provides funds for the policyholders of insolvent insurers. the system can result in periodic charges to the company as a result of insolvencies/bankruptcies that occur with other companies in the life insurance industry. some states permit member insurers to recover assessments paid through full or partial premium tax offsets. these charges neither relate to the ordinary course of the company's business nor reflect the company's underlying business performance, but result from external situations not controlled by the company. the company excludes any charges associated with u.s. guaranty fund assessments and the corresponding tax benefit or expense from adjusted earnings.
in japan, the government also requires the insurance industry to contribute to a policyholder protection corporation that provides funds for the policyholders of insolvent insurers; however, these costs are calculated and administered differently than in the u.s. in japan, these costs are not directly related to specific insolvencies or bankruptcies, but are rather a regular operational cost for an insurance company. based on this structure, the company does not remove the japan policyholder protection expenses from adjusted earnings.
the company considers the costs associated with the early redemption of its debt to be unrelated to the underlying fundamentals and trends in its insurance operations. additionally, these costs are driven by changes in interest rates subsequent to the issuance of the debt, and the company considers these interest rate changes to represent economic conditions not directly associated with its insurance operations. in may 2021, the parent company used a portion of the net proceeds from its april 2021 issuance of various series of senior notes to redeem $700 million of its 3.625% senior notes due june 2023. the pretax expense due to the early redemption of these notes was $48 million.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations other items excluded from adjusted earnings included integration costs related to the company's acquisition of zurich north america's u.s. corporate life and pensions business; these costs primarily consist of expenditures for legal, accounting, consulting, integration of systems and processes and other similar services. these integration costs are excluded from adjusted earnings for one year following the acquisition and amounted to $26 million for the year ended december 31, 2021.
income taxes the company's combined u.s. and japanese effective income tax rate on pretax earnings was 8.8% in 2022 and 18.7% in 2021. in 2022, the combined effective tax rate differs from the u.s. statutory rate primarily due to the impact of the tax accounting method change discussed below, as well as historic and solar tax credits. in 2021, the combined effective tax rate differs from the u.s. statutory rate primarily due to historic and solar tax credits. total income taxes were $403 million in 2022 and $997 million in 2021. japanese income taxes on aflac japan's results account for most of the company's consolidated income tax expense.
aflac japan holds certain u.s. dollar-denominated assets in a delaware statutory trust (dst). these assets are mostly comprised of various u.s. dollar-denominated commercial mortgage loans. the functional currency of the dst for u.s. tax purposes was historically the japanese yen. in 2022, the company requested a change in tax accounting method through the internal revenue service's automatic consent procedures to change its functional currency on the dst for u.s. tax purposes to the u.s. dollar. as a result, foreign currency translation gains or losses on assets held in the dst will no longer be recognized for u.s. tax purposes. the company historically recorded a deferred tax liability for foreign currency translation gains on the dst assets, which was released in the third quarter of 2022 as a result of the functional currency change and subsequently adjusted for foreign currency impacts in the fourth quarter of 2022. this change in functional currency resulted in the company recognizing an income tax benefit of $452 million ($0.71 per basic and diluted share, respectively) in 2022.
in august 2022, the inflation reduction act of 2022 (ira) was signed into u.s. law. effective january 1, 2023, the law imposes a 15% corporate alternative minimum tax rate and a 1% excise tax on the company's repurchases of its common stock. the company does not anticipate any impacts from the new corporate minimum tax rate since its current tax rate is above the 15% minimum rate. further, the company expects the charges associated with the excise tax to be recognized in equity consistent with other costs related to treasury stock.
for additional information, see note 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements and the critical accounting estimates - income taxes section of this md&a.
the company expects that its adjusted effective tax rate for future periods will be approximately 20%. the effective tax rate continues to be subject to future tax law changes both in the u.s. and in foreign jurisdictions. see the risk factor entitled "tax rates applicable to the company may change" in part i, item 1a. risk factors for more information.
foreign currency translation aflac japan's premiums and a significant portion of its investment income are received in yen, and its claims and most expenses are paid in yen. aflac japan purchases yen-denominated assets and u.s. dollar-denominated assets, which may be hedged to yen, to support yen-denominated policy liabilities. yen-denominated income statement accounts are translated to u.s. dollars using the weighted average japanese yen/u.s. dollar foreign exchange rate for the reporting period, except realized gains and losses on securities transactions which are translated at the exchange rate on the trade date of each transaction. yen-denominated balance sheet accounts are translated to u.s. dollars using the spot japanese yen/u.s. dollar foreign exchange rate at the end of the reporting period.
results of operations by segment u.s. gaap financial reporting requires that a company report financial and descriptive information about operating segments in its annual and interim period financial statements. furthermore, the company is required to report a measure of segment profit or loss, certain revenue and expense items, and segment assets. the company's insurance business consists of two segments: aflac japan and aflac u.s. aflac japan is the principal contributor to consolidated earnings. in addition, the parent company, other business units that are not individually reportable, and business activities, including reinsurance retrocession activities, not included in aflac japan or aflac u.s. are included in corporate and other. see the item 1. business section of this form 10-k for a summary of each segment's products and distribution channels.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations consistent with u.s. gaap guidance for segment reporting, pretax adjusted earnings is the company's u.s. gaap measure of segment performance. the company believes that a presentation of this measure is vitally important to an understanding of the underlying profitability drivers and trends of its business. additional performance measures used to evaluate the financial condition and performance of the company's segments are listed below.
operating ratios
new annualized premium sales
new money yield
return on average invested assets
average weekly producer for additional information on the company's performance measures included in this md&a, see the glossary of selected terms found directly following part iv. see note 2 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for the reconciliation of segment results to the company's consolidated u.s. gaap results and additional information.
aflac japan segment aflac japan pretax adjusted earnings changes in aflac japan's pretax adjusted earnings and profit margins are primarily affected by morbidity, mortality, expenses, persistency and investment yields. the following table presents a summary of operating results for aflac japan for the years ended december 31.
aflac japan summary of operating results
(in millions)                                                              2022                       2021
net earned premiums                                                  $9,548                     $11,853
net investment income: (1)
yen-denominated investment income                                     1,140                       1,262
u.s. dollar-denominated investment income                             1,641                       1,845
net investment income                                                 2,782                       3,107
amortized hedge costs related to certain foreign currency               112                          76
exposure management strategies adjusted net investment income                                        2,669                       3,031
other income (loss)                                                      35                          41
total adjusted revenues                                              12,252                      14,925
benefits and claims, net                                              6,565                       7,963
adjusted expenses:
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs                       547                         653
insurance commissions                                                   563                         706
insurance and other expenses                                          1,520                       1,849
total adjusted expenses                                               2,630                       3,208
total benefits and adjusted expenses                                  9,195                      11,171
pretax adjusted earnings                                             $3,056                      $3,754
weighted-average yen/dollar exchange rate                            130.17                      109.79
in dollars   in yen percentage change over previous period:                  2022                      2021                            2022                   2021
net earned premiums                                (19.4)   %                 (6.4)   %                       (4.2)   %              (3.9)   %
adjusted net investment income                     (11.9)                      14.0                             5.5                   17.6
total adjusted revenues                            (17.9)                     (2.9)                           (2.2)                   (.2)
pretax adjusted earnings                           (18.6)                      15.0                           (3.1)                   18.5
(1) net interest cash flows from derivatives associated with certain investment strategies of $(86) and $(33) in 2022 and 2021, respectively, have been reclassified from net investment gains (losses) and included in adjusted earnings as a component of net investment income.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in yen terms, aflac japan's net earned premiums decreased in 2022, mainly due to limited-pay products reaching premium paid-up status and a slightly declining in force. adjusted net investment income, in yen terms, increased in 2022 primarily due to increases in floating rate income earned from u.s. dollar-denominated investment that were driven by stronger dollar exchange rates, increasing interest rates, and higher income from make whole payments received on called securities, which were partially offset by lower income from alternative assets and higher hedge costs. the decrease in pretax adjusted earnings in yen was primarily due to a decrease in revenues and an increase in the benefit ratio resulting from a wider scope of "deemed hospitalization" that was in effect through most of the third quarter of 2022.
annualized premiums in force at december 31, 2022, were 1.30 trillion, compared with 1.36 trillion in 2021. the decrease in annualized premiums in force in yen of 4.4% in 2022 and 4.7% in 2021 was driven primarily by limited-pay products reaching paid up status and lower sales as a result of pandemic conditions. annualized premiums in force, translated into dollars at respective year-end exchange rates, were $9.8 billion in 2022 and $11.8 billion in 2021. as of december 31, 2022, aflac japan exceeded 23 million individual policies in force in japan. aflac japan continued to be the number one seller of cancer insurance policies in japan throughout 2022, with more than 14 million cancer policies in force as of december 31, 2022.
aflac japan's investment portfolios include u.s. dollar-denominated securities and reverse-dual currency securities (yen-denominated debt securities with dollar coupon payments). in years when the yen strengthens in relation to the dollar, translating aflac japan's u.s. dollar-denominated investment income into yen lowers growth rates for net investment income, total adjusted revenues, and pretax adjusted earnings in yen terms. in years when the yen weakens, translating u.s. dollar-denominated investment income into yen magnifies growth rates for net investment income, total adjusted revenues, and pretax adjusted earnings in yen terms.
the following table illustrates the effect of translating aflac japan's u.s. dollar-denominated investment income and related items into yen by comparing certain segment results with those that would have been reported had foreign currency exchange rates remained unchanged from the prior year. amounts excluding foreign currency impact on u.s. dollar-denominated investment income were determined using the average foreign currency exchange rate for the comparable prior year period. see non-u.s. gaap financial measures defined above.
aflac japan percentage changes over prior year
(yen operating results)
for the years ended december 31, including foreign   excluding foreign currency changes   currency changes
2022                                                                    2021               2022                                           2021
adjusted net investment income             5.5   %                  17.6   %                               (5.0)   %                  15.6   %
total adjusted revenues                  (2.2)                      (.2)                                   (4.3)                      (.5)
pretax adjusted earnings                 (3.1)                      18.5                                  (11.3)                      16.9
the following table presents a summary of operating ratios in yen terms for aflac japan for the years ended december 31.
ratios to total adjusted revenues:                              2022               2021
benefits and claims, net                                    53.6   %           53.3   %
adjusted expenses:
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs            4.5                4.4
insurance commissions                                        4.6                4.7
insurance and other expenses                                12.4               12.4
total adjusted expenses                                     21.5               21.5
pretax adjusted earnings                                    24.9               25.2
ratios to total premiums:
benefits and claims, net                                    68.9   %           67.2   %
adjusted expenses:
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs            5.7                5.5
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in 2022, the benefit ratio to total premiums increased, compared with 2021, primarily due to a decrease in total premiums and higher third sector benefits due substantially to an increase in medical hospitalization claims as a result of a wider scope of "deemed hospitalization" related to covid-19, partially offset by the continued change in mix of first and third sector business. in 2022, the adjusted expense ratio was flat, compared with 2021, reflecting the decrease in total adjusted revenues and an offsetting decrease in total adjusted expenses. in total for 2022, the pretax adjusted profit margin decreased when compared with 2021, primarily due to lower adjusted revenues, a higher benefit ratio and a flat expense ratio.
aflac japan sales the following table presents aflac japan's new annualized premium sales for the years ended december 31.
in dollars   in yen
(in millions of dollars and billions of yen)                2022                   2021            2022                                     2021
new annualized premium sales                            $416                   $499                            54.8                   54.8
increase (decrease) over prior period                 (16.7)   %                4.6   %            .0                  %                 7.7   %
in 2022, new annualized premium sales on a yen basis were essentially flat, compared with 2021, reflecting constrained sales in the first half of the year due to ongoing pandemic conditions offset by a new cancer product launch in certain distribution channels and first sector product updates in the second half of the year.
the following table details the contributions to aflac japan's new annualized premium sales by major insurance product for the years ended december 31.
2022                                                            2021
cancer                              56.5   %                49.2   %
medical and other health:
medical                             26.6                    37.2
income support                       1.3                      .5
life insurance:
traditional life (1)                 8.1                     9.0
ways                                 3.5                      .8
child endowment                       .3                      .3
other                                3.7                     3.0
total                              100.0   %               100.0   %
(1) includes term and whole life the foundation of aflac japan's product portfolio has been, and continues to be, third sector products, which include cancer, medical, income support, and nursing care insurance products. with continued cost pressure on japan's health care system, the company expects the need for third sector products will continue to rise in the future and that the medical and cancer insurance products aflac japan provides will continue to be an important part of its product portfolio. moreover, in november 2022, aflac japan refreshed its first sector savings-type products ways and child endowment and began to actively promote sales of these products after having curtailed sales of both products beginning in 2013. the refreshment of these first sector products position aflac japan for potential future long-term sales opportunities by marketing these products to a younger demographic as well as potential cross-selling opportunities of aflac japan's third sector products.
sales of aflac japan cancer products in the japan post group channel experienced a material decline beginning in august 2019. japan post group resumed proactive sales of cancer insurance policies on april 1, 2021 and aflac japan continues to strengthen the strategic alliance. in april 2022, approximately 10,000 employees of japan post co. were transferred to japan post insurance. japan post group has informed aflac japan that the transferred employees' responsibilities will include sales of japan post insurance products and aflac japan cancer products but will not include sales of other financial products. the company expects continued collaboration to further position both companies for long-term growth and a gradual improvement of japan post group cancer insurance sales in the intermediate term. for example, in 2021 and 2022, aflac japan observed an increase in the number of proposals to potential customers in the japan post group channel, and the japan post group continues to conduct a nationwide campaign to improve certain sales process practices. for additional information, see the risk factor entitled "sales of the company's products and item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations services are dependent on its ability to attract, retain and support a network of qualified sales associates, brokers and employees in the u.s. and sales associates and other distribution partners in japan," in part i, item 1a. risk factors.
aflac japan continues to promote digital and web-based sales to groups and use of its system that enables smart device-based insurance application by allowing the customer and an aflac japan operator to see the same screen through their smart devices. further, aflac japan continues to utilize its virtual sales tool that enables online consultations and policy applications to be completed entirely online.
the following table details the contributions to aflac japan's new annualized premium sales by agency type for the years ended december 31.
2022                                                                        2021
independent corporate and individual            49.5   %                51.1   %
affiliated corporate (1)                        46.5                    43.7
bank                                             4.0                     5.2
total                                          100.0   %               100.0   %
(1) includes japan post, dai-ichi life and daido life in 2022, aflac japan recruited 38 new sales agencies. at december 31, 2022, aflac japan was represented by approximately 7,400 sales agencies, with approximately 110,000 licensed sales associates employed by those agencies. the number of sales agencies has declined in recent years due to aflac japan's focus on supporting agencies with strong management frameworks, high productivity and more producing agents.
at december 31, 2022, aflac japan had agreements to sell its products at 359 banks, approximately 90% of the total number of banks in japan.
strategic alliance with japan post holdings as previously reported, on december 19, 2018, the parent company and aflac japan entered into a basic agreement with japan post holdings co., ltd., a japanese corporation (japan post holdings). pursuant to the terms of the basic agreement, among other items, japan post holdings and aflac japan agreed to reconfirm existing initiatives regarding cancer insurance and to consider new joint initiatives. in june 2021, the parent company, aflac japan and japan post group agreed to pursue several specific initiatives toward building a "'co-creation platform' to support customers and local communities," consistent with japan post group's medium-term management plan announced in may 2021. the initiatives are directed at, among other items, the promotion of aflac japan cancer insurance, digital transformation within the japan post group, and certain diversity efforts.
as previously reported, on february 28, 2019, the parent company entered a shareholders agreement with japan post holdings, j&a alliance holdings corporation, a delaware corporation, solely in its capacity as trustee of j&a alliance trust, a new york voting trust (trust), and general incorporated association j&a alliance, a japanese general incorporated association. according to a schedule 13g/a filed by japan post holdings with the sec on january 6, 2021, the trust had beneficially acquired 7.45% of the outstanding aflac incorporated common shares as of december 31, 2020. japan post holdings is the sole beneficiary of the trust. according to a form 13f filed by japan post holdings with the sec on november 2, 2022, japan post holdings owned 52.3 million aflac incorporated common shares as of september 30, 2022.
on may 1, 2020, the parent company filed a registration statement on form s-3 that registered the sale of its common stock from time to time by j&a alliance holdings corporation in its capacity as trustee of the trust. the filing was made strictly pursuant to a contractual requirement contained in the shareholders agreement. notwithstanding the filing of the form s-3, the trust continues to be subject to a lockup period for a period expiring four years after the trust acquired 7% of the parent company's outstanding shares. after expiration of such period, the trust has agreed not to own more than the greater of 10% of the parent company's outstanding shares or such shares representing 22.5% of the voting rights in the parent company.
in light of the fact that the shares acquired by the trust, like all aflac incorporated common shares, will be eligible for 10-for-1 voting rights after being held for 48 consecutive months, the shareholders agreement further provides for voting restrictions that effectively limit the trustee's voting rights to no more than 20% of the voting rights in the parent company and further restrict the trustee's voting rights with respect to certain change in control transactions. japan post holdings item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations will not have a board seat on the parent company's board of directors and will not have rights to control, manage or intervene in the management of the parent company.
the foregoing is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the basic agreement, a copy of which is attached as exhibit 10.1 to the company's current report on form 8-k filed december 19, 2018, and the shareholders agreement, a copy of which is attached as exhibit 10.50 to the company's quarterly report on form 10-q filed april 26, 2019, the terms of which exhibits are incorporated herein by reference.
aflac japan investments the level of investment income in yen is affected by available cash flow from operations, the timing of investing the cash flow, yields on new investments, the effect of yen/dollar exchange rates on u.s. dollar-denominated investment income, and other factors.
as part of the company's portfolio management and asset allocation process, aflac japan invests in yen and u.s. dollar-denominated investments. yen-denominated investments primarily consist of jgbs, public and private fixed maturity securities and public equity securities. aflac japan's u.s. dollar-denominated investments include fixed maturity investments and growth assets, including alternative investments in limited partnerships or similar investment vehicles. aflac japan has been investing in both publicly-traded and privately originated u.s. dollar-denominated investment-grade and below-investment-grade fixed maturity securities and loan receivables, and has entered into foreign currency forwards and options to hedge the currency risk on the fair value of a portion of the u.s. dollar investments.
the following table details the investment purchases for aflac japan for the years ended december 31.
(in millions)                                                 2022                    2021
yen-denominated:
fixed maturity securities:
japan government and agencies                                $0                  $1,208
private placements                                          854                     695
other fixed maturity securities                             113                     171
equity securities                                           398                     216
other investments                                            22                      10
total yen-denominated                                    $1,387                  $2,300
u.s. dollar-denominated:
fixed maturity securities:
other fixed maturity securities                            $559                  $1,963
infrastructure debt                                         347                      52
collateralized loan obligations                             498                     216
equity securities                                            22                       8
commercial mortgage and other loans:
transitional real estate loans                            1,645                   1,768
commercial mortgage loans                                     0                      31
middle market loans                                       1,203                   2,428
other investments                                           391                     404
total u.s. dollar-denominated                            $4,666                  $6,870
total aflac japan purchases                              $6,053                  $9,170
see the investments section of this md&a for further discussion of these investment programs, and see notes 1, 3 and 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for more information regarding loans and loan receivables.
funds available for investment include cash flows from operations, investment income, and funds generated from maturities, redemptions, securities lending, and other securities transactions. securities lending is also used from time to time to accelerate the availability of funds for investment. purchases of securities from period to period are determined
44
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations based on multiple objectives including appropriate portfolio diversification, the relative value of a potential investment and availability of investment opportunities, liquidity, credit and other risk factors while adhering to the company's investment policy guidelines.
the following table presents the results of aflac japan's investment yields for the years ended and as of december 31.
2022                                                                                                                                 2021
total purchases for the period (in millions) (1)                                                      $5,640                   $8,756
new money yield (1),(2)                                                                                 4.48   %                 3.50   %
return on average invested assets (3)                                                                   2.78                     2.72
portfolio book yield, including u.s. dollar-denominated investments, end of period (1),(2)              3.06   %                 2.60   %
(1) includes fixed maturity securities, commercial mortgage and other loans, equity securities, and excludes alternative investments in limited partnerships
(2) reported on a gross yield basis; excludes investment expenses, external management fees, and amortized hedge costs
(3) net of investment expenses and amortized hedge costs, year-to-date number reflected on a quarterly average basis the increase in the aflac japan new money yield in 2022 was primarily due to increases in u.s. interest rates.
see notes 3, 4 and 5 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements and the investments and hedging activities sections of this md&a for additional information on the company's investments and hedging strategies.
aflac u.s. segment aflac u.s. pretax adjusted earnings changes in aflac u.s. pretax adjusted earnings and profit margins are primarily affected by morbidity, mortality, expenses, persistency and investment yields. the following table presents a summary of operating results for aflac u.s. for the years ended december 31.
aflac u.s. summary of operating results
(in millions)                                                     2022                     2021
net earned premiums                                         $5,570                   $5,614
adjusted net investment income (1)                             755                      754
other income                                                   161                      121
total adjusted revenues                                      6,486                    6,489
benefits and claims                                          2,442                    2,447
adjusted expenses:
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs              605                      517
insurance commissions                                          553                      550
insurance and other expenses                                 1,562                    1,498
total adjusted expenses                                      2,720                    2,564
total benefits and adjusted expenses                         5,162                    5,011
pretax adjusted earnings                                    $1,324                   $1,478
percentage change over previous period:
net earned premiums                                           (.8)   %                (2.5)   %
adjusted net investment income                                  .1                      7.0
total adjusted revenues                                         .0                    (1.2)
pretax adjusted earnings                                    (10.4)                     16.6
(1) net interest cash flows from derivatives associated with certain investment strategies of $(4) and $2 in 2022 and 2021, respectively, have been reclassified from net investment gains (losses) and included in adjusted earnings as a component of net investment income.
in 2022, aflac u.s. net earned premiums decreased, primarily due to lower persistency. other income increased in 2022 due to an increase in fee income. the decrease in pretax adjusted earnings was driven primarily by an increase in item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations deferred policy acquisition cost (dac) amortization associated with lower persistency and an increase in planned spending reflecting, in part, platform and growth investments.
annualized premiums in force were essentially flat in 2022 and decreased 1.6% in 2021. annualized premiums in force at december 31 were $6.0 billion in 2022 and 2021.
the following table presents a summary of operating ratios for aflac u.s. for the years ended december 31.
ratios to total adjusted revenues:                              2022               2021
benefits and claims                                         37.7   %           37.7   %
adjusted expenses:
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs            9.3                8.0
insurance commissions                                        8.5                8.5
insurance and other expenses                                24.1               23.1
total adjusted expenses                                     41.9               39.5
pretax adjusted earnings                                    20.4               22.8
ratios to total premiums:
benefits and claims                                         43.8   %           43.6   %
adjusted expenses:
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs           10.9                9.2
the benefit ratio to total premiums increased slightly in 2022, compared with 2021, reflecting higher incurred claims, mostly offset by reserve releases related to lower persistency. the adjusted expense ratio increased in 2022, compared with 2021, primarily due to higher dac amortization associated with lower persistency and higher planned spending reflecting ongoing investments in the u.s. platform. the pretax adjusted profit margin decreased in 2022 when compared with 2021, primarily due to the higher adjusted expense ratio.
aflac u.s. sales the following table presents aflac's u.s. new annualized premium sales for the years ended december 31.
(in millions)                                         2022                     2021
new annualized premium sales                    $1,483                   $1,278
increase (decrease) over prior period             16.1   %                 16.9   %
new annualized premium sales for accident insurance increased 5.2%; disability sales increased 28.1%; critical care insurance sales (including cancer insurance) increased 9.6%; hospital indemnity insurance sales increased 8.1%; dental/vision sales increased 32.3%; and life sales increased 36.5% in 2022, compared with 2021. the increase in sales for aflac u.s. in 2022 reflects continued improvement from investment in growth initiatives as well as productivity gains.
the following table details the contributions to aflac's u.s. new annualized premium sales by major insurance product category for the years ended december 31.
2022                                                      2021
accident                      22.8   %               25.1    %
disability                    25.5                   23.1
critical care (1)             20.1                   21.3
hospital indemnity            15.3                   16.4
dental/vision                  5.8                    5.1
life                          10.5                    9.0
total                        100.0   %                  100.0%
(1) includes cancer, critical illness and hospital intensive care products item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in 2022, the aflac u.s. sales force included an average of approximately 6,200 u.s. agents, including brokers, who were actively producing business on a weekly basis. the company believes that this average weekly producer equivalent metric allows sales management to monitor progress and needs, as well as serve as a leading indicator of future production capacity. aflac u.s. believes that during 2021 and 2022, constraints in the labor market limited its recruiting of new sales agents, and that limitations on face-to-face sales opportunities during the covid-19 pandemic suppressed the development of newly recruited agents into business producers and the productivity of veteran agents and brokers. aflac u.s. believes that the above factors have acted as a headwind to sales and to growth in the number of average weekly producers. aflac u.s. remains focused on mitigating and reversing these trends as the u.s. economy continues to recover from the pandemic.
aflac u.s. remains focused on supporting its agency channel, most of which are small businesses, by offering financial support and an extended value proposition. the aflac u.s. sales team has pivoted to accommodate preferred enrollment conditions which include realizing sales at the worksite through in-person enrollment, an enrollment call center, video enrollment through co-browsing and self-enrollment. the traditional agent sales team is also using virtual recruiting and training through video conferencing in order to maintain or increase the recruiting pipeline. the aflac u.s. broker sales team is focused on product enhancements, as well as leveraging technology based solutions to drive enrollment.
aflac u.s. investments the level of investment income is affected by available cash flow from operations, the timing of investing the cash flow, yields on new investments, and other factors.
as part of the company's portfolio management and asset allocation process, aflac u.s. invests in fixed maturity investments and growth assets, including public equity securities and alternative investments in limited partnerships. aflac u.s. has been investing in both publicly traded and privately originated investment-grade and below-investment-grade fixed maturity securities and loan receivables.
the following table details the investment purchases for aflac u.s. as of december 31.
(in millions)                                                 2022                    2021
fixed maturity securities:
other fixed maturity securities                            $635                    $770
infrastructure debt                                         191                      91
collateralized loan obligations                             199                      65
equity securities                                            33                     213
commercial mortgage and other loans:
transitional real estate loans                              342                     525
commercial mortgage loans                                     0                     276
middle market loans                                         301                     190
other investments                                            44                      45
total aflac u.s. purchases                               $1,745                  $2,175
funds available for investment include cash flows from operations, investment income, and funds generated from maturities, redemptions, and other securities transactions. purchases of securities from period to period are determined based on multiple objectives, including appropriate portfolio diversification, the relative value of a potential investment and availability of investment opportunities, liquidity, credit and other risk factors while adhering to the company's investment policy guidelines.
47
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following table presents the results of aflac's u.s. investment yields for the years ended and as of december 31.
2022                                                                                 2021
total purchases for period (in millions) (1)          $1,701                   $2,130
new money yield (1),(2)                                 5.16   %                 3.41   %
return on average invested assets (3)                   4.72                     4.87
portfolio book yield, end of period (1),(2)             5.39   %                 4.94   %
(1) includes fixed maturity securities, commercial mortgage and other loans, equity securities, and excludes alternative investments in limited partnerships
(2) reported on a gross yield basis; excludes investment expenses and external management fees
(3) net of investment expenses, year-to-date number reflected on a quarterly average basis the increase in the aflac u.s. new money yield for the year ended december 31, 2022 was primarily due to increases in u.s. interest rates.
see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements and the market risks of financial instruments - credit risk subsection of item 7a. for more information regarding the sector concentrations of the company's investments.
corporate and other changes in the pretax adjusted earnings of corporate and other are primarily affected by investment income. the following table presents a summary operating results for corporate and other for the years ended december 31.
corporate and other summary of operating results
(in millions)                                                              2022                    2021
net earned premiums                                                    $145                     $180
net investment income (loss) (1)                                         30                     (73)
amortized hedge income related to certain foreign currency               68                       57
management strategies adjusted net investment income                                           98                     (16)
other income                                                             24                       11
total adjusted revenues                                                 267                      175
benefits and claims, net                                                146                      166
adjusted expenses:
interest expense                                                        162                      165
other adjusted expenses                                                 182                      142
total adjusted expenses                                                 344                      307
total benefits and adjusted expenses                                    490                      473
pretax adjusted earnings                                             $(223)                   $(298)
(1) the change in value of federal historic rehabilitation and solar investments in partnerships of $91 and $138 in 2022 and 2021, respectively, is included as a reduction to net investment income. tax credits on these investments of $83 and $115 in 2022 and 2021, respectively, have been recorded as an income tax benefit in the consolidated statement of earnings. see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on these investments.
in 2022, total adjusted revenues increased compared with 2021, primarily due to higher adjusted net investment income from higher interest rates and an increase in amortized hedge income, partially offset by the impact of federal tax credit investments and a reduction in net earned premiums as a result of significant yen weakening. total adjusted expenses increased, as compared to 2021, primarily due to higher expenses associated with employee compensation and benefits and travel. these results also reflect the impact of foreign currency on net earned premiums and the corresponding benefits.
the parent company invests in partnerships that specialize in rehabilitating historic structures or the installation of solar equipment in order to receive federal historic rehabilitation and solar tax credits. these investments are classified as limited partnerships and included in other investments in the consolidated balance sheet. the change in value of each investment is recorded as a reduction to net investment income. tax credits generated by these investments are recorded as an income tax benefit in the consolidated statement of earnings.
48
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations investments the company's investment strategy utilizes disciplined asset and liability management while seeking long-term risk-adjusted investment returns and the delivery of stable income within regulatory and capital objectives, and preserving shareholder value. in attempting to optimally balance these objectives, the company seeks to maintain on behalf of aflac japan a diversified portfolio of yen-denominated investment assets, a u.s. dollar-denominated investment portfolio hedged back to yen and a portfolio of unhedged u.s. dollar-denominated assets. as part of the company's portfolio management and asset allocation process, aflac u.s. invests in fixed maturity investments and growth assets, including public equity securities and alternative investments in limited partnerships. aflac u.s. invests in both publicly traded and privately originated investment-grade and below-investment-grade fixed maturity securities and loans. the company is also a signatory to the principles for responsible investment, a global framework for incorporating environmental, social and governance (esg) considerations into investment and ownership decisions.
for additional information concerning the company's investments, see notes 3, 4, and 5 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
the following tables detail investments by segment as of december 31.
investment securities by segment
2022
(in millions)                                                                  aflac japan                 aflac u.s.                 corporate and other                      total available for sale, fixed maturity securities,                               $61,615                    $12,231                           $1,895                         $75,741
at fair value held to maturity, fixed maturity securities, at amortized cost (1)            19,056                          0                                0                          19,056
equity securities                                                                650                         51                              390                           1,091
commercial mortgage and other loans:
transitional real estate loans (1)                                             5,133                      1,140                              182                           6,455
commercial mortgage loans (1)                                                  1,269                        729                               15                           2,013
middle market loans (1)                                                        4,557                        471                                0                           5,028
other investments:
policy loans                                                                     190                         24                                0                             214
short-term investments (2)                                                       319                        184                            1,029                           1,532
limited partnerships                                                           1,900                        208                              182                           2,290
other                                                                              0                         34                                0                              34
investment in affiliate (3)                                                        0                        195                            (195)                               0
total investments                                                             94,689                     15,267                            3,498                         113,454
cash and cash equivalents                                                      1,601                        720                            1,622                           3,943
total investments and cash                                                   $96,290                    $15,987                           $5,120                        $117,397
(1) net of allowance for credit losses
(2) includes securities lending collateral
(3) for consolidated reporting, aflac u.s.'s investment in aflac re bermuda is eliminated in corporate and other item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
2021
(in millions)                                                                    aflac japan                 aflac u.s.                 corporate and other                      total available for sale, fixed maturity securities,                                 $81,793                    $14,910                           $1,993                         $98,696
at fair value held to maturity, fixed maturity securities, at amortized cost (1)              22,000                          0                                0                          22,000
equity securities                                                                  714                        226                              663                           1,603
commercial mortgage and other loans:
transitional real estate loans (1)                                               4,226                      1,020                               45                           5,291
commercial mortgage loans (1)                                                    1,217                        669                                8                           1,894
middle market loans (1)                                                          4,297                        304                                0                           4,601
other investments:
policy loans                                                                       216                         20                                0                             236
short-term investments (2)                                                         590                        302                              834                           1,726
limited partnerships                                                             1,534                        169                              155                           1,858
other                                                                                0                         22                                0                              22
total investments                                                              116,587                     17,642                            3,698                         137,927
cash and cash equivalents                                                        2,053                        681                            2,317                           5,051
total investments and cash                                                    $118,640                    $18,323                           $6,015                        $142,978
(1) net of allowance for credit losses
(2) includes securities lending collateral the ratings of the company's securities referenced in the table below are based on the ratings designations provided by major rating organizations such as moody's, standard & poor's and fitch or, if not rated, are determined based on the company's internal analysis of such securities. when the ratings issued by the rating agencies differ, the company utilizes the second lowest rating when three or more rating agency ratings are available or the lowest rating when only two rating agency ratings are available.
the distributions of fixed maturity securities the company owns, by credit rating, as of december 31 were as follows:
composition of fixed maturity securities by credit rating
2022                                                                          2021
amortized                                      fair                           amortized                                      fair cost                                     value                                cost                                     value aaa                             1.6   %                                      1.5   %                          1.0   %                                       .9   %
aa                              5.2                                          5.3                              5.1                                          5.2
a                              68.0                                         68.1                             68.9                                         68.5
bbb                            23.0                                         22.9                             22.5                                         22.8
bb or lower                     2.2                                          2.2                              2.5                                          2.6
total                         100.0   %                                    100.0   %                        100.0   %                                    100.0   %
as of december 31, 2022, the company's direct and indirect exposure to securities in its investment portfolio that were guaranteed by third parties was immaterial both individually and in the aggregate.
the following table presents the 10 largest unrealized loss positions in the company's portfolio as of december 31, 2022.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(in millions)                    credit                                                  amortized                           fair   unrealized loss rating                                                       cost                          value autostrade per litalia spa                bbb                                 $149                               $108                             $(41)
jp morgan chase and co.                   a                                    210                                171                              (39)
klm royal dutch airlines                  b                                    135                                 96                              (39)
investcorp capital limited                bb                                   329                                291                              (38)
prologis lp                               a                                    172                                142                              (30)
urban renaissance agency                  a                                    184                                154                              (30)
glp pte ltd.                              bbb                                  113                                 83                              (30)
banco de chile                            a                                    150                                127                              (23)
citigroup inc                             a                                    176                                154                              (22)
morgan stanley                            a                                    135                                113                              (22)
generally, declines in fair values can be a result of changes in interest rates, yen/dollar exchange rate, and changes in net spreads driven by a broad market move or a change in the issuer's underlying credit quality. the company believes these issuers have the ability to continue making timely payments of principal and interest. see the unrealized investment gains and losses section in note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further discussions of unrealized losses related to financial institutions and other corporate investments.
below-investment-grade securities the company's portfolio of below-investment-grade securities includes debt securities purchased while the issuer was rated investment grade plus other loans and bonds purchased as part of an allocation to that segment of the market. the following is the company's below-investment-grade exposure at december 31.
below-investment-grade investments
2022
(in millions)                                          par                amortizedcost (1)                     fair                 unrealized value                                                     value                       gain
(loss)
investcorp capital limited                        $329                         $329                         $291                    $(38)
pemex project funding master trust                 226                          226                          230                        4
commerzbank                                        188                          145                          209                       64
telecom italia spa                                 151                          151                          178                       27
klm royal dutch airlines                           151                          135                           96                     (39)
apache corporation                                 138                          110                          130                       20
howmet aerospace inc.                              100                           70                           97                       27
ikb deutsche industriebank ag                       98                           47                           75                       28
generalitat de catalunya                            60                           24                           58                       34
national gas co. trinidad &amp; tobago              52                           50                           48                      (2)
other issuers                                                                                                 69                     (16)
subtotal (2)                                     1,577                        1,372                        1,481                      109
high yield corporate bonds                         785                          666                          697                       31
middle market loans                              4,732                        4,562                        4,554                      (8)
grand total                                     $7,094                       $6,600                       $6,732                     $132
(1) net of allowance for credit losses
(2) securities initially purchased as investment grade, but have subsequently been downgraded to below investment grade the company invests in middle market loans primarily to u.s. corporate borrowers, most of which have below-investment-grade ratings. the objectives of this program include enhancing the yield on invested assets, achieving further diversification of credit risk, and mitigating the risk of rising interest rates and hedge costs through the acquisition of floating rate assets.
51
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the company maintains an allocation to higher yielding corporate bonds within the aflac japan and aflac u.s. portfolios. most of these securities were rated below-investment-grade at the time of purchase, but the company also purchased several that were rated investment grade which, because of market pricing, offer yields commensurate with below-investment-grade risk profiles. the objective of this allocation was to enhance the company's yield on invested assets and further diversify credit risk. all investments in this program must have a minimum rating at purchase of low bb using the company's above described rating methodology and are managed by the company's internal credit portfolio management team.
fixed maturity securities by sector the company maintains diversification in investments by sector to avoid concentrations to any one sector, thus managing exposure risk. the following table shows the distribution of fixed maturities by sector classification as of december 31.
2022
(in millions)                                                   amortizedcost (1)        gross unrealized gains       gross unrealized losses        fair value               % of total government and agencies                                              $43,854                   $3,304                      $(1,732)               $45,426                 46.4   %
municipalities                                                         2,590                      215                         (150)                 2,655                  2.7
mortgage- and asset-backed securities                                  2,167                       75                          (96)                 2,146                  2.3
public utilities                                                       7,450                      545                         (288)                 7,707                  7.9
electric                                                               6,036                      456                         (197)                 6,294                  6.4
natural gas                                                              249                       28                          (10)                   267                   .3
other                                                                    565                       35                          (48)                   553                   .6
utility/energy                                                           600                       26                          (33)                   593                   .6
sovereign and supranational                                            1,238                      113                          (17)                 1,334                  1.3
banks/financial institutions                                           9,340                      595                         (636)                 9,299                  9.9
banking                                                                5,633                      434                         (364)                 5,704                  6.0
insurance                                                              1,703                      119                          (81)                 1,740                  1.8
other                                                                  2,004                       42                         (191)                 1,855                  2.1
other corporate                                                       27,886                    2,107                       (1,609)                28,384                 29.5
basic industry                                                         2,452                      263                         (112)                 2,602                  2.6
capital goods                                                          3,394                      180                         (226)                 3,350                  3.6
communications                                                         2,866                      284                         (109)                 3,039                  3.0
consumer cyclical                                                      2,206                      184                          (71)                 2,320                  2.3
consumer non-cyclical                                                  6,238                      383                         (362)                 6,259                  6.7
energy                                                                 2,664                      330                          (85)                 2,909                  2.8
other                                                                  1,371                       81                         (146)                 1,306                  1.5
technology                                                             3,534                      122                         (257)                 3,399                  3.7
transportation                                                         3,161                      280                         (241)                 3,200                  3.3
total fixed maturity securities                                      $94,525                   $6,954                      $(4,528)               $96,951                100.0   %
(1) net of allowance for credit losses securities by type of issuance the company has investments in both publicly and privately issued securities. the company's ability to sell either type of security is a function of overall market liquidity which is impacted by, among other things, the amount of outstanding securities of a particular issuer or issuance, trading history of the issue or issuer, overall market conditions, and idiosyncratic events affecting the specific issue or issuer.
52
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following table details investment securities by type of issuance as of december 31.
investment securities by type of issuance
2022                                                                                  2021
(in millions)                                              amortizedcost (1)                                      fair                         amortizedcost (1)                                        fair value                                                                                 value publicly issued securities:
fixed maturity securities                            $77,176                                       $79,090                               $88,552                                        $103,034
equity securities                                        882                                           882                                   950                                             950
total publicly issued                                 78,058                                        79,972                                89,502                                         103,984
privately issued securities: (2)
fixed maturity securities (3)                         17,349                                        17,861                                18,817                                          22,531
equity securities                                        209                                           209                                   653                                             653
total privately issued                                17,558                                        18,070                                19,470                                          23,184
total investment securities                          $95,616                                       $98,042                              $108,972                                        $127,168
(1) net of allowance for credit losses
(2) primarily consists of securities owned by aflac japan
(3) excludes rule 144a securities the following table details the company's reverse-dual currency securities as of december 31.
reverse-dual currency securities(1)
(amortized cost, in millions)                                                             2022                     2021
privately issued reverse-dual currency securities                                   $4,049                   $4,784
publicly issued collateral structured as reverse-dual currency securities            1,383                    1,596
total reverse-dual currency securities                                              $5,432                   $6,380
reverse-dual currency securities as a percentage of total investment                   5.7   %                  5.9   %
securities
(1)principal payments in yen and interest payments in dollars aflac japan has a portfolio of privately issued securities to better match liability characteristics and secure higher yields than those available on japanese government or other public corporate bonds. aflac japan's investments in yen-denominated privately issued securities consist primarily of non-japanese issuers, are rated investment grade at purchase and have longer maturities, thereby allowing the company to improve asset/liability matching and overall investment returns. these securities are generally either privately negotiated arrangements or issued under medium-term note programs and have standard documentation commensurate with credit ratings of the issuer, except when internal credit analysis indicates that additional protective and/or event-risk covenants were required. many of these investments have protective covenants appropriate to the specific investment. these may include a prohibition of certain activities by the borrower, maintenance of certain financial measures, and specific conditions impacting the payment of the company's notes.
hedging activities the company uses derivative contracts to hedge foreign currency exchange rate risk and interest rate risk. the company uses various strategies, including derivatives, to manage these risks. see item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk for more information about market risk and the company's use of derivatives.
derivatives are designed to reduce risk on an economic basis while minimizing the impact on financial results. the company's derivatives programs vary depending on the type of risk being hedged. see note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for:
a description of the company's derivatives, hedging strategies and underlying risk exposure.
information about the notional amount and fair market value of the company's derivatives.
the unrealized and realized gains and losses impact on adjusted earnings of derivatives in cash flow, fair value, net investments in foreign operations, or non-qualifying hedging relationships.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations foreign currency exchange rate risk hedge program the company has deployed the following hedging strategies to mitigate exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risk:
aflac japan hedges u.s. dollar-denominated investments back to yen (see aflac japan's u.s. dollar-denominated hedge program below).
aflac japan maintains certain unhedged u.s. dollar-denominated securities, which serve as an economic currency hedge of a portion of the company's investment in aflac japan (see aflac japan's u.s. dollar-denominated hedge program below).
the parent company designates yen-denominated liabilities (notes payable and loans) as non-derivative hedging instruments and designates certain foreign currency forwards and options as derivative hedges of the company's net investment in aflac japan (see enterprise corporate hedging program below).
the parent company enters into forward and option contracts to accomplish a dual objective of hedging foreign currency exchange rate risk related to dividend payments by its subsidiary, alij, and reducing enterprise-wide hedge costs (see enterprise corporate hedging program below).
the following table presents metrics related to aflac japan's u.s. dollar-denominated hedge program and the parent company's enterprise corporate hedging program, including associated amortized hedge costs/income, for the years ended december 31. see the results of operations section of this md&a for the company's definition of amortized hedge costs/income.
2022                                                                                                       2021
aflac japan:
fx forwards fx forward (sell usd, buy yen) notional at end of period (in billions) (1)            $4.1                 $6.4
weighted average remaining tenor (in months) (2)                                        .7                  2.6
amortized hedge income (cost) for period (in millions)                               $(44)                $(55)
fx options fx option notional at the end of period (in billions) (1)                            $13.5                $11.6
weighted average remaining tenor (in months) (2)                                       6.4                  6.0
amortized hedge income (cost) for period (in millions)                               $(68)                $(22)
corporate and other (parent company):
fx forwards fx forward (buy usd, sell yen) notional at end of period (in billions)(1)             $5.0                 $5.0
weighted average remaining tenor (in months)(2)                                       10.8                 11.5
amortized hedge income (cost) for period (in millions)                                 $71                  $62
fx options fx option notional at the end of period (in billions) (1)                             $2.6                 $1.9
weighted average remaining tenor (in months) (2)                                       9.0                  7.3
amortized hedge income (cost) for period (in millions)                                $(3)                 $(5)
(1) notional is reported net of any offsetting positions within aflac japan or the parent company, respectively.
(2) tenor based on period reporting date to settlement date amortized hedge costs/income can fluctuate based upon many factors, including the derivative notional amount, the length of time of the derivative contract, changes in both u.s. and japan interest rates, and supply and demand for dollar funding. amortized hedge costs/income have fluctuated in recent periods due to changes in the previously mentioned factors.
aflac japan's u.s. dollar-denominated hedge program (u.s. dollar program)
aflac japan buys u.s. dollar-denominated investments, typically corporate bonds, and hedges them back to yen with foreign currency forwards and options to hedge foreign currency exchange rate risk. this economically creates yen assets that match yen liabilities during the life of the derivative and provides favorable capital treatment under the japan smr item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations calculations. the currency risk being hedged is generally based on fair value of hedged investments. the following table summarizes the u.s. dollar-denominated investments held by aflac japan as of december 31.
2022                                                                                                                                                      2021
(in millions)                                                           amortized cost (1)            fair                  amortized cost (1)            fair value                                               value available-for-sale securities:
fixed maturity securities                                                 $14,321              $15,191                        $17,615              $20,478
equity securities                                                              33                   33                             24                   24
commercial mortgage and other loans:
transitional real estate loans (floating rate)                              5,133                5,088                          4,226                4,293
commercial mortgage and other loans                                         1,269                1,129                          1,217                1,265
middle market loans (floating rate)                                         4,557                4,545                          4,297                4,352
other investments                                                           1,899                1,899                          1,534                1,534
total u.s. dollar program                                                  27,212               27,885                         28,913               31,946
available-for-sale securities:
fixed maturity securities - economically converted to yen                   2,209                2,795                          2,236                3,328
total u.s. dollar-denominated investments in aflac japan                  $29,421              $30,680                        $31,149              $35,274
(1) net of allowance for credit losses the u.s. dollar program includes all u.s. dollar-denominated investments in aflac japan other than the investments in certain consolidated vies where the instrument is economically converted to yen as a result of a derivative in the consolidated vie. the company uses one-sided foreign currency put options to mitigate the settlement risk on u.s. dollar-denominated assets related to extreme foreign currency rate changes. from time to time, aflac japan also maintains a collar program on a portion of its u.s. dollar program to mitigate against more extreme moves in foreign exchange and therefore support smr. as of december 31, 2022, there were no collars in aflac japan, and none of the company's foreign currency options hedging aflac japan's u.s. dollar-denominated assets were in-the-money.
in 2021, the company moved to a strategy that contains one-sided put options, fewer foreign currency forwards and no collars in order to reduce its exposure to pricing volatility and the related risk of negative settlements should there be a material weakening in the yen. depending on further developments, including the possibility of further market volatility, there may be additional costs associated with maintaining the options program. the company is continually evaluating other adjustments, including the possibility of changing the level of hedging employed with the u.s. dollar-denominated investments.
as of december 31, 2022, the fair value of aflac japan's unhedged u.s. dollar-denominated portfolio was $10.3 billion (excluding certain u.s. dollar-denominated assets shown in the table above as a result of consolidation that have been economically converted to yen using derivatives).
foreign exchange derivatives used for hedging are periodically settled, which results in cash receipt or payment at maturity or early termination. the following table presents the settlements associated with the company's currency derivatives used for hedging aflac japan's u.s. dollar-denominated investments for the years ended december 31.
(in millions)                       2022            2021
net cash inflows (outflows)         $(757)                     $66
enterprise corporate hedging program the company has designated certain yen-denominated liabilities and foreign currency forwards and options of the parent company as accounting hedges of its net investment in aflac japan. the company's consolidated yen-denominated net asset position was partially hedged at $11.6 billion as of december 31, 2022, with hedging instruments comprised of $4.0 billion of yen-denominated debt and $7.6 billion of foreign currency forwards and options, compared with $10.2 billion as of december 31, 2021, with hedging instruments comprised of $3.3 billion of yen-denominated debt and $6.9 billion of foreign currency forwards and options.
55
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the company makes its accounting designation of net investment hedge at the beginning of each quarter. if the total of the designated parent company non-derivative and derivative notional is equal to or less than the company's net investment in aflac japan, the hedge is deemed to be effective, and the currency exchange effect on the yen-denominated liabilities and the change in estimated fair value of the derivatives are reported in the unrealized foreign currency component of other comprehensive income. the company's net investment hedge was effective during the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. for additional information on the company's net investment hedging strategy, see note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
in order to economically mitigate risks associated with the enterprise-wide exposure to the yen and the level and volatility of hedge costs, the parent company enters into foreign exchange forward and option contracts. by buying u.s. dollars and selling yen, the parent company is effectively lowering its overall economic exposure to the yen, while aflac japan's u.s. dollar exposure remains reduced as a result of aflac japan's u.s. dollar program that economically creates yen assets. among other objectives, this strategy is intended to offset the enterprise-wide amortized hedge costs by generating amortized hedge income. this activity is reported in corporate and other. the company continually evaluates the program's efficacy.
interest rate risk hedge program aflac japan and aflac u.s. use interest rate swaps from time to time to mitigate the risk of investment income volatility for certain variable-rate investments. in 2022, the company expanded the use of interest rate swaps for this hedging strategy. additionally, to manage interest rate risk associated with its u.s. dollar-denominated investments held by aflac japan, from time to time the company utilizes interest rate swaptions.
for additional discussion of the risks associated with the foreign currency exposure refer to the currency risk section in item 7a., quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk, and item 1a, specifically to the risk factors titled "the company is exposed to foreign currency fluctuations in the yen/dollar exchange rate" and "lack of availability of acceptable yen-denominated investments could adversely affect the company's results of operations, financial position or liquidity."
see note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the company's hedging activities.
policy liabilities the following table presents policy liabilities by segment and in total for the years ended december 31.
(in millions)                                            2022                      2021
japan segment:
future policy benefits                            $71,150                    $81,176
unpaid policy claims                                2,610                      2,903
other policy liabilities                            7,835                      9,534
total japan policy liabilities                     81,594                     93,613
u.s. segment:
future policy benefits                              9,960                      9,865
unpaid policy claims                                1,952                      1,933
other policy liabilities                              117                        119
total u.s. policy liabilities                      12,029                     11,916
consolidated:
future policy benefits                             80,749                     90,588
unpaid policy claims                                4,561                      4,836
other policy liabilities                            7,948                      9,648
total consolidated policy liabilities (1)         $93,258                   $105,072
(1) the sum of the japan and u.s. segments exceeds the total due to reinsurance and retrocession activity.
see note 7 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the company's policy liabilities.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations benefit plans aflac japan and aflac u.s. have various benefit plans. for additional information on the company's japanese and u.s. plans, see note 14 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
policyholder protection policyholder protection corporation the japanese insurance industry has a policyholder protection system that provides funds for the policyholders of insolvent insurers. legislation enacted regarding the framework of the life insurance policyholder protection corporation (lippc) included government fiscal measures supporting the lippc. in march 2022, japan's diet passed legislation that extended the government's fiscal support of the lippc through march 2027. in march 2022, the lippc reached the required balance for the total life industry of 400 billion as specified by its articles of incorporation. as a result, additional contributions are not expected to be required unless the balance is reduced due to payments made by the lippc to the policyholders of insolvent insurers. aflac japan recognized an expense of .9 billion and 1.8 billion for lippc assessments in the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
guaranty fund assessments under u.s. state guaranty association laws, certain insurance companies can be assessed (up to prescribed limits) for certain obligations to the policyholders and claimants of impaired or insolvent insurance companies that write the same line or similar lines of business. the amount of the guaranty fund assessment that an insurer is assessed is based on its proportionate share of premiums in that state. see note 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information on guaranty fund assessments.
liquidity and capital resources liquidity refers to the ability to generate sufficient cash resources to meet the payment obligations of the company. capital refers to the long-term financial resources available to support the operations of the businesses, fund business growth and provide for an ability to withstand adverse circumstances. financial leverage (leverage) refers to an investment strategy of using debt to increase the potential roe. the company targets and actively manages liquidity, capital and leverage in the context of a number of considerations, including:
business investment and growth needs
strategic growth objectives
financial flexibility and obligations
capital support for hedging activity
a constantly evolving business and economic environment
a balanced approach to capital allocation and shareholder deployment.
the governance framework supporting liquidity, capital and leverage includes global senior management and board committees that review and approve all significant capital related decisions.
the company's cash and cash equivalents include unrestricted cash on hand, money market instruments, and other debt instruments with a maturity of 90 days or less when purchased, all of which has minimal market, settlement or other risk exposure. the target minimum amount for the parent company's cash and cash equivalents is approximately $1.8 billion to provide a capital buffer and liquidity support at the holding company. this amount excludes $400 million of proceeds from the issuance of senior sustainability notes in 2021, unallocated proceeds of which contribute to total cash but are not intended to support holding company liquidity. the company remains committed to prudent liquidity and capital management. at december 31, 2022, the company held $3.9 billion in cash and cash equivalents for stress conditions, which includes the parent company's target minimum amount of $1.8 billion.
aflac japan and aflac u.s. generate cash flows from their operations and provide the primary sources of liquidity to the parent company through management fees and dividends, with aflac japan being the largest contributor. the primary uses of cash by the parent company are shareholder dividends, the repurchase of its common stock, interest on its outstanding indebtedness and operating expenses.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following table presents the amounts provided to the parent company for the years ended december 31.
liquidity provided by subsidiaries to parent company
(in millions)                                             2022   2021
management fees paid by subsidiaries                  $136                   $130
dividends declared or paid by subsidiaries           3,006                  2,791
the following table details aflac japan remittances, which are included in the totals above, for the years ended december 31.
aflac japan remittances
(in millions of dollars and billions of yen)                                            2022   2021
aflac japan management fees paid to parent company                                   $61                       $59
aflac japan dividends declared or paid to parent company (in dollars)              2,412                     2,138
aflac japan dividends declared or paid to parent company (in yen)                 324.2                    236.7
the company intends to maintain higher than historical levels of liquidity and capital at the parent company for stress conditions and with the goals of addressing the company's hedge costs and related potential need for collateral and mitigating against long-term weakening of the japanese yen. further, the company plans to continue to maintain a portfolio of unhedged u.s. dollar-denominated investments at aflac japan and to consider whether the amount of such investments should be increased or decreased relative to the company's view of economic equity surplus in aflac japan in light of potentially rising hedge costs and other factors. see the hedging activity subsection of this md&a for more information.
the company believes that its balance of cash and cash equivalents and cash generated by operations will be sufficient to satisfy both its short-term and long-term cash requirements and plans for cash, including material cash requirements from known contractual obligations and returning capital to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends.
in addition to cash and cash equivalents, the company also maintains credit facilities, both intercompany and with external partners, and a number of other available tools to support liquidity needs on a global basis. in september 2021, the parent company filed a shelf registration statement with the sec that allows the company to issue an indefinite amount of debt securities, in one or more series, from time to time until september 2024. the company believes outside sources for additional debt and equity capital, if needed, will continue to be available. additionally, as of december 31, 2022, the parent company and aflac had four lines of credit with third parties and ten intercompany lines of credit. the company was in compliance with all of the covenants of its notes payable and lines of credit at december 31, 2022. for additional information, see note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following table presents the estimated payments of the company's material cash requirements from known contractual obligations as of december 31, 2022. the company translated its yen-denominated obligations using the december 31, 2022, exchange rate. actual future payments as reported in dollars will fluctuate with changes in the yen/dollar exchange rate.
(in millions)                                                      total                       total                 short-term payments                  long-term payments liability(1)                    payments future policy benefits liability (note 7)(2)              $80,749                      $193,394                          $7,763                            $185,631
unpaid policy claims liability (note 7)(3)                  4,561                         4,555                           2,862                               1,693
other policyholders' funds (note 7)(4)                      6,123                         7,533                             352                               7,181
long-term debt - principal (note 9)                         7,295                         7,103                               0                               7,103
long-term debt - interest (note 9)                             44                         2,705                             165                               2,540
cash collateral on loaned securities (note 3)               1,809                         1,809                           1,809                                   0
operating service agreements (note 15)                               n/a                    386                             175                                 211
operating lease obligations (note 9)                          139                           144                              44                                 100
finance lease obligations (note 9)                              8                             8                               3                                   5
total contractual obligations                            $100,728                      $217,637                         $13,173                            $204,464
(1) liability amounts are those reported on the consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2022.
(2) the estimated payments reflect future estimated cash payments to be made to policyholders and others for future policy benefits. these projected cash outflows are based on assumptions for future policy persistency, mortality, morbidity, and other assumptions comparable with the company's experience, consider future premium receipts on current policies in force and assume market growth and interest crediting consistent with assumptions used in amortizing deferred acquisition costs. these cash outflows are undiscounted with respect to interest and, as a result, the sum of the cash outflows exceeds the corresponding liability amount. due to the significance of the assumptions used, actual cash outflow amounts and timing will differ, possibly materially, from these estimates.
(3) the estimated payments include assumptions as to the timing of policyholders reporting claims for prior periods and the amount of those claims. actual amounts and timing of unpaid policy claims payments may differ significantly from the estimates above.
(4) these cash outflows are undiscounted with respect to interest and, as a result, the sum of the cash outflows exceeds the corresponding liability amount.
for more information on the company's major contractual obligations, see the applicable note in the notes to the consolidated financial statements as indicated in the line items in the table above.
the company's consolidated financial statements convey its financing arrangements during the periods presented. the company has not engaged in material intra-period short-term financings during the periods presented that are not otherwise reported in its balance sheet or disclosed therein. as of december 31, 2022, the company had no material letters of credit, standby letters of credit, guarantees or standby repurchase obligations. the company has not entered into transactions involving the transfer of financial assets with an obligation to repurchase financial assets that have been accounted for as a sale under applicable accounting standards, including securities lending transactions. see notes 1, 3, and 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for more information on the company's securities lending and derivative activities. with the exception of disclosed activities in those referenced footnotes and the risk factors entitled, "the company is exposed to foreign currency fluctuations in the yen/dollar exchange rate" and "lack of availability of acceptable yen-denominated investments could adversely affect the company's results of operations, financial position or liquidity," the company is not aware of any trend, demand, commitment, event or uncertainty that would reasonably result in its liquidity increasing or decreasing by a material amount.
consolidated cash flows the company consistently generates positive cash flows from operations, and has the ability to adjust cash flow management from other sources of liquidity including reinvestment cash flows and selling investments in order to meet short-term cash needs.
the company translates cash flows for aflac japan's yen-denominated items into u.s. dollars using weighted-average exchange rates. in years when the yen weakens, translating yen into dollars causes fewer dollars to be reported. when the yen strengthens, translating yen into dollars causes more dollars to be reported.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following table summarizes consolidated cash flows by activity for the years ended december 31.
(in millions)                                                 2022   2021
operating activities                                    $3,879                   $5,051
investing activities                                   (1,540)                  (2,378)
financing activities                                   (3,551)                  (2,739)
exchange effect on cash and cash equivalents               104                     (24)
net change in cash and cash equivalents               $(1,108)                    $(90)
operating activities the principal cash inflows for the company's insurance activities come from insurance premiums and investment income. the principal cash outflows are the result of policy claims, operating expenses, income tax, as well as interest expense. as a result of policyholder aging, claims payments are expected to gradually increase over the life of a policy. therefore, future policy benefit reserves are accumulated in the early years of a policy and are designed to help fund future claims payments.
the company expects its future cash flows from premiums and investment portfolios to be sufficient to meet its cash needs for benefits and expenses. consolidated cash flow from operations decreased 23.2% in 2022, compared with 2021.
investing activities the company's investment objectives provide for liquidity primarily through the purchase of publicly traded investment-grade debt securities. prudent portfolio management dictates that the company attempts to match the duration of its assets with the duration of its liabilities. currently, when the company's fixed maturity securities mature, the proceeds may be reinvested at a yield below that required for the accretion of policy benefit liabilities on policies issued in earlier years. however, the long-term nature of the company's business and its strong cash flows provide the company with the ability to minimize the effect of mismatched durations and/or yields identified by various asset adequacy analyses. from time to time or when market opportunities arise, the company disposes of selected fixed maturity securities that are available for sale to improve the duration matching of assets and liabilities, improve future investment yields, and/or re-balance its portfolio. as a result, dispositions before maturity can vary significantly from year to year.
as part of its overall corporate strategy, the company has committed $400 million to aflac ventures, llc (aflac ventures), as opportunities emerge. aflac ventures is a subsidiary of aflac global ventures, llc (aflac global ventures) which is reported in corporate and other. the central mission of aflac global ventures is to support the organic growth and business development needs of aflac japan and aflac u.s. with an emphasis on digital applications designed to improve the customer experience, gain efficiencies, and develop new markets in an effort to enhance and defend long-term shareholder value. investments are included in equity securities or the other investments line in the consolidated balance sheets.
as part of an arrangement with federal home loan bank of atlanta (fhlb), aflac u.s. obtains low-cost funding from fhlb supported by acceptable forms of collateral pledged by aflac u.s. in 2022, aflac u.s. borrowed and repaid $599 million under this program. as of december 31, 2022, aflac u.s. had outstanding borrowings of $609 million reported in its balance sheet.
see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for details on certain investment commitments.
financing activities cash flows from financing activities consist primarily of share repurchases, dividends to shareholders and from time to time debt issuances and redemptions.
in october 2022, the parent company used a portion of the net proceeds from its september 2022 issuance of various series of senior notes to redeem $450 million of its 3.25% senior notes due march 2025.
in september 2022, the parent company issued four series of senior notes totaling 73.0 billion through a public debt offering under its u.s. shelf registration statement. the first series, which totaled 33.4 billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of 1.075% per annum, payable semi-annually, and will mature in september 2029. the second series, which totaled item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
21.1 billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of 1.320% per annum, payable semi-annually, and will mature in december 2032. the third series, which totaled 6.5 billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of 1.594% per annum, payable semi-annually, and will mature in september 2037. the fourth series, which totaled 12.0 billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of 2.144% per annum, payable semi-annually, and will mature in september 2052. these notes are redeemable at the parent company's option at any time, in whole but not in part, upon the occurrence of certain changes affecting u.s. taxation, as specified in the indenture governing the terms of the issuance. in addition, the notes maturing in september 2029, december 2032 and september 2037 are redeemable at the parent company's option, in whole or in part from time to time, on or after june 14, 2029, june 14, 2032 and march 14, 2037, respectively, at a redemption price equal to the aggregate principal amount of the applicable series to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount to be redeemed to, but excluding, the date of redemption.
in september 2022, the parent company used a portion of the net proceeds from its september 2022 issuance of various series of senior notes and the august 2022 senior term loan facility to redeem $750 million of its 3.625% senior notes due november 2024.
in august 2022, the parent company renewed a senior term loan facility with a commitment amount totaling 107.0 billion. the first tranche of the facility, which totaled 11.7 billion, bears interest at a rate per annum equal to the tokyo interbank market rate (tibor), or alternate tibor, if applicable, plus the applicable tibor margin and will mature in august 2027. the applicable margin ranges between .225% and .625%, depending on the parent company's debt ratings as of the date of determination. the second tranche, which totaled 25.3 billion, bears interest at a rate per annum equal to tibor, or alternate tibor, if applicable, plus the applicable tibor margin and will mature in august 2029. the applicable margin ranges between .325% and .725%, depending on the parent company's debt ratings as of the date of determination. the third tranche, which totaled 70.0 billion, bears interest at a rate per annum equal to tibor, or alternate tibor, if applicable, plus the applicable tibor margin and will mature in august 2032. the applicable margin ranges between .475% and 1.025%, depending on the parent company's debt ratings as of the date of determination.
in may 2021, the parent company used a portion of the net proceeds from the april 2021 issuance of its various series of senior notes to redeem $700 million of its 3.625% senior notes due june 2023.
in april 2021, the parent company issued five series of senior notes totaling 82.0 billion through a public debt offering under its then existing u.s. shelf registration statement. the first series, which totaled 30.0 billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of .633% per annum, payable semi-annually, and will mature in april 2031. the second series, which totaled 12.0 billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of .844% per annum, payable semi-annually, and will mature in april 2033. the third series, which totaled 10.0 billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of 1.039% per annum, payable semi-annually, and will mature in april 2036. the fourth series, which totaled 10.0 billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of 1.264% per annum, payable semi-annually, and will mature in april 2041. the fifth series, which totaled 20.0 billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of 1.560% per annum, payable semi-annually, and will mature in april 2051. the notes are redeemable at the parent company's option (i) at any time, in whole but not in part, upon the occurrence of certain changes affecting u.s. taxation, as specified in the indenture governing the terms of the issuance or (ii) on or after the date that is six months prior to the stated maturity date of the series, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to the aggregate principal amount to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount to be redeemed to, but excluding, the date of redemption.
in march 2021, the parent company issued $400 million of senior sustainability notes through a u.s. public debt offering. the notes bear interest at a fixed rate of 1.125% per annum, payable semi-annually, and will mature in march 2026. the company intends, but is not contractually committed, to allocate an amount at least equivalent to the net proceeds from this issuance exclusively to existing or future investments in, or financing of, assets, businesses or projects that meet the eligibility criteria of the company's sustainability bond framework described in the offering documentation in connection with such notes. these notes are redeemable at the parent company's option in whole at any time or in part from time to time at a redemption price equal to the greater of: (i) the aggregate principal amount of the notes to be redeemed or (ii) the amount equal to the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments for principal of and interest on the notes to be redeemed, not including any portion of the payments of interest accrued as of such redemption date, discounted to such redemption date on a semiannual basis at the yield to maturity for a u.s. treasury security with a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the notes, plus 10 basis points, plus in each case, accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed to, but excluding, such redemption date.
see note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information on the debt issuances discussed above.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations cash returned to shareholders through treasury stock purchases and dividends was $3.4 billion in 2022, compared with $3.2 billion in 2021.
the following tables present a summary of treasury stock activity during the years ended december 31.
treasury stock purchased
(in millions of dollars and thousands of shares)                  2022                    2021
treasury stock purchases                                    $2,401                   $2,301
number of shares purchased:
share repurchase program                                    39,187                   43,327
other                                                          370                      437
total shares purchased                                      39,557                   43,764
treasury stock issued
(in millions of dollars and thousands of shares)                2022                  2021
stock issued from treasury:
cash financing                                               $17                    $26
noncash financing                                             57                     55
total stock issued from treasury                             $74                    $81
number of shares issued                                    1,341                  1,721
in november 2022, the company's board of directors authorized the purchase of an additional 100 million shares of its common stock. as of december 31, 2022, a remaining balance of 116.6 million shares of the company's common stock was available for purchase under share repurchase authorizations by its board of directors. see note 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
in august 2022, the ira was signed into u.s. law. effective january 1, 2023, the law imposes a 1% excise tax on the company's repurchase of its common stock.
cash dividends paid to shareholders in 2022 of $1.60 per share increased 21.2% over 2021. the following table presents the dividend activity for the years ended december 31.
dividends paid to shareholders
(in millions)                                                  2022                  2021
dividends paid in cash                                     $979                   $855
dividends through issuance of treasury shares                37                     32
total dividends to shareholders                          $1,016                   $887
in november 2022, the board of directors announced a 5.0% increase in the quarterly cash dividend, effective with the first quarter of 2023. the first quarter 2023 cash dividend of $.42 per share is payable on march 1, 2023, to shareholders of record at the close of business on february 15, 2023.
regulatory restrictions aflac japan aflac japan is required to meet certain financial criteria as governed by japanese corporate law in order to provide dividends to the parent company. under these criteria, dividend capacity at the japan subsidiary is basically defined as total equity excluding common stock, accumulated other comprehensive income amounts, capital reserves (representing statutorily required amounts in japan) but reduced for net after-tax unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities. these dividend capacity requirements are generally aligned with the smr. japan's fsa maintains its own solvency standard which is quantified through the smr. aflac japan's smr is sensitive to interest rate, credit spread, and foreign exchange rate changes, therefore the company considers different ways to offset significant declines in smr, including
62
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the reduction of subsidiary dividends paid to the parent company and parent company capital contributions. in the event of a rapid change in market risk conditions causing smr to decline, the company has one senior unsecured revolving credit facility in the amount of 100 billion and a committed reinsurance facility in the amount of approximately 120 billion as a capital contingency plan. additionally, the company could take action to enter into derivatives on unhedged u.s. dollar-denominated investments with foreign currency options or forwards. see notes 8 and 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
the company has already undertaken various measures to mitigate the sensitivity of aflac japan's smr. for example, the company employs policy reserve matching (prm) investment strategies, which is a japan-specific accounting treatment that reduces smr interest rate sensitivity since prm-designated investments are carried at amortized cost consistent with corresponding liabilities. in order for a prm-designated asset to be held at amortized cost, there are certain criteria that must be maintained. the primary criterion relates to maintaining the duration of designated assets and liabilities within a specified tolerance range. if the duration difference is not maintained within the specified range without rebalancing, then a certain portion of the assets must be re-classified as available for sale and held at fair value with any associated unrealized gain or loss recorded in surplus. to rebalance, assets may need to be sold in order to maintain the duration with the specified range, resulting in realizing a gain or loss from the sale. for u.s. gaap, prm investments are categorized as available for sale. the company also uses foreign currency derivatives to hedge a portion of its u.s. dollar-denominated investments. see notes 3, 4 and 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the company's investment strategies, hedging activities, and reinsurance, respectively.
aflac japan's smr ratio remains high and reflects a strong capital and surplus position. as of december 31, 2022, aflac japan's smr was 878%, compared with 1,012% at december 31, 2021. the company is committed to maintaining strong capital levels, consistent with maintaining current insurance financial strength and credit ratings.
the fsa is considering the introduction of an economic value-based solvency regime based on the insurance capital standards (ics) for insurance companies in japan. the fsa is currently conducting field testing with insurance companies in japan for the purpose of investigating the impact of the introduction of regulations. the fsa published provisional specifications in june 2022. final specifications are expected to be decided in 2024, and a new capital regime to replace the current solvency regime is expected to be introduced in 2025.
aflac u.s.
a life insurance company's statutory capital and surplus is determined according to rules prescribed by the naic, as modified by the insurance department in the insurance company's state of domicile. statutory accounting rules are different from u.s. gaap and are intended to emphasize policyholder protection and company solvency. the continued long-term growth of the company's business may require increases in the statutory capital and surplus of its insurance operations. the company's insurance operations may secure additional statutory capital through various sources, such as internally generated statutory earnings, reduced dividends paid to the parent company, capital contributions by the parent company from funds generated through debt or equity offerings, or reinsurance transactions. the naic's rbc formula is used by insurance regulators to help identify inadequately capitalized insurance companies. the rbc formula quantifies insurance risk, business risk, asset risk and interest rate risk by weighing the types and mixtures of risks inherent in the insurer's operations.
the combined rbc ratio for aflac u.s. as of december 31, 2022 was 732%, compared with 659% as of december 31, 2021. the company calculates its combined rbc ratio to include all u.s. regulated life insurance entities as if a single combined u.s. rbc entity net of intercompany items related to capital resources and risk. the company intends to maintain a target combined rbc over time of approximately 400% for aflac u.s., consistent with the company's risk management practices.
the table below presents rbc ratios for the company's u.s. life insurance subsidiaries as of december 31, the most recently statutory fiscal year-end for the subsidiaries for which rbc was filed.
2022                                               2021
aflac                    692   %                635   %
caic                   1,056                    832
toic                   4,321                  5,829
aflac new york           859                  1,089
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the naic completed its solvency modernization initiative (smi) process relating to updating the u.s. insurance solvency regulation framework. the smi focused on key issues such as capital requirements, governance and risk management, group supervision, reinsurance, statutory accounting and financial reporting matters. the naic still has some ongoing initiatives related to smi, such as monitoring the international efforts on group capital requirements as well as rbc. the naic utilizes a group capital calculation (gcc) that conceptually uses an rbc aggregation methodology for all entities within the insurance company holding system. the gcc is intended to be a regulatory tool used by regulators as a means to standardize group capital requirements. in 2021, the naic concluded its analysis of bond factor changes and formally adopted the new factors as proposed by moody's analytics. this initiative expanded the rbc bond factors from six designations to 20 designations to more closely align with rating scales used by rating agencies. the adopted changes did not have a significant impact on the combined rbc ratio for aflac u.s.
aflac, caic and toic are domiciled in nebraska and are subject to its regulations. the ndoi imposes certain limitations and restrictions on payments of dividends, management fees, loans and advances to the parent company. under nebraska insurance law, prior approval of the ndoi is required for dividend distributions that exceed the greater of the net income from operations, which excludes net investment gains, for the previous year determined under statutory accounting principles, or 10% of statutory capital and surplus as of the previous year-end. dividends declared by aflac during 2023 in excess of $1.1 billion would be considered extraordinary and require such approval. similar laws apply in new york, the domiciliary jurisdiction of aflac new york.
privacy and cybersecurity governance the company's board of directors has adopted an information security policy directing management to establish and operate a global information security program with the goals of monitoring existing and emerging threats and ensuring that the company's information assets and data, and the data of its customers, are appropriately protected from loss or theft. the board has delegated oversight of the company's information security program to the audit and risk committee. the company's senior officers, including its global security and chief information security officer, are responsible for the operation of the global information security program and communicates quarterly with the audit and risk committee on the program, including with respect to the state of the program, compliance with applicable regulations, current and evolving threats, and recommendations for changes in the information security program. the global information security program also includes a cybersecurity incident response plan that is designed to provide a management framework across company functions for a coordinated assessment and response to potential security incidents. this framework establishes a protocol to report certain incidents to the global security and chief information security officer and other senior officers, with the goal of timely assessing such incidents, determining applicable disclosure requirements and communicating with the audit and risk committee. the incident response plan directs the executive officers to report certain incidents immediately and directly to the lead non-management director.
other for information regarding commitments and contingent liabilities, see note 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
additional information investors should note that the company announces material financial information in its sec filings, press releases and public conference calls. in accordance with sec guidance, the company may also use the investor relations section of the company's website (http://investors.aflac.com) to communicate with investors about the company. it is possible that the financial and other information the company posts there could be deemed to be material information. the information on the company's website is not part of this document. further, the company's references to website urls are intended to be inactive textual references only.
critical accounting estimates the company prepares its financial statements in accordance with u.s. gaap. these principles are established primarily by the fasb. in this md&a, references to u.s. gaap issued by the fasb are derived from the fasb accounting standards codificationtm (asc). the preparation of financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap requires the company to make estimates based on currently available information when recording transactions resulting from business operations. the estimates that the company deems to be most critical to an understanding of its results of operations and financial condition are those related to the valuation of investments and derivatives, dac, liabilities for future policy benefits and unpaid policy claims, and income taxes. the preparation and evaluation of these critical accounting estimates involve the use of various assumptions developed from management's analyses and judgments. the item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations application of these critical accounting estimates determines the values at which 93% of the company's assets and 80% of its liabilities are reported as of december 31, 2022, and thus has a direct effect on net earnings and shareholders' equity. subsequent experience or use of other assumptions could produce significantly different results.
valuation of investments, including derivatives the company's investments, primarily consisting of debt and equity securities, include both publicly issued and privately issued securities. for publicly issued securities, the company determines the fair values from quoted market prices readily available from public exchange markets and price quotes and valuations from third party pricing vendors. for the majority of privately issued securities and derivatives associated with vies within the company's investment portfolio, a third party pricing vendor has developed valuation models that the company utilizes to determine fair values. starting in june 2021 and july 2022, respectively, these models and associated processes and controls were transitioned to and executed by company personnel. for the remaining privately issued securities, the company uses non-binding price quotes from outside brokers. the company has refined its valuation model for private placements to explicitly incorporate currency basis swap adjustments (market observable data) to assumed interest rate curves where appropriate.
the company estimates the fair values of its securities on a monthly basis. the company monitors the estimated fair values obtained from its pricing vendors and brokers for consistency from month to month, while considering current market conditions. the company also periodically discusses with its pricing brokers and vendors the pricing techniques they use to monitor the consistency of their approach and periodically assess the appropriateness of the valuation level assigned to the values obtained from them. if a fair value appears unreasonable, the company will re-examine the inputs and assess the reasonableness of the pricing data with the vendor. additionally, the company may compare the inputs to relevant market indices and other performance measurements. based on management's analysis, the valuation is confirmed or may be revised if there is evidence of a more appropriate estimate of fair value based on available market data. the company has performed verification of the inputs and calculations in any valuation models to confirm that the valuations represent reasonable estimates of fair value. inputs used to value derivatives include, but are not limited to, interest rates, credit spreads, foreign currency forward and spot rates, and interest volatility.
the company estimates an expected lifetime credit loss on investments measured at amortized cost including held-to-maturity fixed maturity securities, loan receivables and loan commitments on a quarterly basis. for the company's available-for-sale fixed maturity securities, the company evaluates estimated credit losses only when the fair value of the available-for-sale fixed maturity security is below its amortized cost basis the company's approach to estimating credit losses is complex and incorporates significant judgments. in addition to a security, or an asset class, or an issuer-specific credit fundamentals, it considers past events, current economic conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions. the company's estimates are revised as conditions change and new information becomes available.
see the tabular disclosure entitled "sensitivity of fair values of financial instruments to interest rate change" in item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk and notes 1, 3, 4 and 5 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
deferred policy acquisition costs and policy liabilities insurance premiums for most of the company's health and life policies, including cancer, accident, hospital, critical illness, dental, vision, term life, whole life, long-term care and disability, are recognized as earned premiums over the premium-paying periods of the contracts when due from policyholders. when earned premiums are reported, the related amounts of benefits and expenses are charged against such revenues, so that profits are recognized in proportion to earned premiums during the period the policies are expected to remain in force. this association is accomplished by means of annual additions to the liability for future policy benefits and the deferral and subsequent amortization of policy acquisition costs.
premiums from the company's products with limited-pay features, including term life, whole life, ways, and child endowment, are collected over a significantly shorter period than the period over which benefits are provided. premiums for these products are recognized as earned premiums over the premium-paying periods of the contracts when due from policyholders. any gross premium in excess of the net premium is deferred and recorded in earnings, such that profits are recognized in a constant relationship with insurance in force. benefits are recorded as an expense when they are incurred. a liability for future policy benefits is recorded when premiums are recognized using the net premium method.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations deferred policy acquisition costs the calculation of dac and the liability for future policy benefits requires the use of estimates based on sound actuarial valuation techniques. for new policy issues, the company reviews its actuarial assumptions and deferrable acquisition costs each year and revise them when necessary to more closely reflect recent experience and studies of actual acquisition costs. for policies in force, the company evaluates dac by major product groupings to determine that they are recoverable from future revenues, and any amounts determined not to be recoverable are charged against net earnings. see note 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for a detail of the dac activity for the past two years.
policy liabilities the company's policy liabilities, which are determined in accordance with applicable guidelines as defined under u.s. gaap and actuarial standards of practice, include two components that involve analysis and judgment: future policy benefits and unpaid policy claims, which accounted for 87% and 5% of total policy liabilities as of december 31, 2022, respectively.
future policy benefits provide for claims that will occur in the future and are generally calculated as the present value of future expected benefits to be incurred less the present value of future expected net benefit premiums. the company calculates future policy benefits based on assumptions of morbidity, mortality, persistency and interest. these assumptions are generally established and considered locked at the time a policy is issued. the assumptions used in the calculations are closely related to those used in developing the gross premiums for a policy. as required by u.s. gaap, the company also includes a provision for adverse deviation, which is intended to accommodate adverse fluctuations in actual experience. these assumptions may only be unlocked in certain circumstances based on the results of periodic dac recoverability and premium deficiency testing.
unpaid policy claims include those claims that have been incurred and are in the process of payment as well as an estimate of those claims that have been incurred but have not yet been reported to the company. the company computes unpaid policy claims on a non-discounted basis using statistical analyses of historical claims payments, adjusted for current trends and changed conditions. the company updates the assumptions underlying the estimate of unpaid policy claims regularly and incorporates its historical experience as well as other data that provides information regarding the company's outstanding liability.
the company's insurance products provide fixed-benefit amounts per occurrence that are not subject to medical-cost inflation. furthermore, the company's business is widely dispersed in both the u.s. and japan. this geographic dispersion and the nature of the company's benefit structure mitigate the risk of a significant unexpected increase in claims payments due to localized epidemics and events of a catastrophic nature. claims incurred under the company's policies are generally reported and paid in a relatively short time frame. the unpaid claims liability is sensitive to morbidity assumptions, in particular, severity and frequency of claims. severity is the ultimate size of a claim, and frequency is the number of claims incurred. the company's claims experience is primarily related to the demographics of its policyholders.
as a part of its established financial reporting and accounting practices and controls, the company performs detailed annual actuarial reviews of its policyholder liabilities (gross premium valuation analysis) and reflects the results of those reviews in its results of operations and financial condition as required by u.s. gaap. for aflac japan, the company's annual reviews in 2022 and 2021 indicated no need to strengthen liabilities associated with policies in japan. for aflac u.s., the company's annual reviews in 2022 and 2021 indicated no need to strengthen liabilities associated with policies in the u.s.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the table below reflects the growth of the future policy benefits liability for the years ended december 31.
future policy benefits
(in millions of dollars and billions of yen)                  2022                          2021
aflac u.s.                                              $9,960                        $9,865
growth rate                                                1.0   %                       2.0   %
aflac japan                                            $71,150                       $81,176
growth rate                                             (12.4)   %                     (8.4)   %
consolidated                                           $80,749                       $90,588
growth rate                                             (10.9)   %                     (7.4)   %
yen/dollar exchange rate (end of period)                132.70                        115.02
aflac japan                                             9,442                        9,337
growth rate                                                1.1   %                       1.8   %
the growth of the future policy benefits liability in yen for aflac japan and in dollars for aflac u.s. has been due to the aging of the company's in-force block of business and the addition of new business.
the following table summarizes certain significant assumptions made in establishing reserves for the company's products and the net impact that could result from changes in these assumptions should they occur. under u.s. gaap, the company's reserves for its limited pay and long duration contracts are primarily calculated using locked-in assumptions. as such, the adverse hypothetical impacts illustrated in the table below are those that would increase the company's best estimate reserves, but would not result in a premium deficiency requiring strengthening of reserves or write-off of dac. the favorable hypothetical impacts in the table below would decrease the company's best estimate reserves but they would not result in an immediate decrease to its u.s. gaap reserves (given that the company would be required to leave the current assumptions locked in); rather, the positive impacts would be recognized in net earnings over the life of the policies in force.
the information below is for illustrative purposes and includes the impacts of changes in a single assumption and not changes in any combination of assumptions. as a result of emerging experience, changes in current assumptions and the related impact that could result in the listed financial statement balances that are in excess of the amounts illustrated may occur in future periods.
assumption                                            current assumption                                                               assumption change                                                       increase (decrease) in best estimate reserves (in millions) (1)
investment return                                     expected portfolio book yields over the life of the business                     increase 25 basis points / decrease 25 basis points                     $(2,102) to $2,277
expected future claim payments / base mortality       pricing expectations adjusted to best estimate based on company experience       increase / decrease expected future claim payments: +5% to -5%          $4,994 to $(4,994)
total termination rates                               pricing expectations adjusted to best estimate based on company experience       increase / decrease expected total termination rates: +5% to -5%        $(434) to $600
(1) best estimate reserves are equal to the present value of claims, cash values, expenses, and commissions minus the present value of gross premiums, using current best estimate assumptions.
in computing the estimate of unpaid policy claims, the company considers many factors, including the benefits and amounts available under the policy; the volume and demographics of the policies exposed to claims; and internal business practices, such as incurred date assignment and current claim administrative practices. the company monitors these conditions closely and makes adjustments to the liability as actual experience emerges. claim levels are generally stable from period to period; however, fluctuations in claim levels may occur. in calculating the unpaid policy claim liability, the company does not calculate a range of estimates. the following table shows the expected sensitivity of the unpaid policy claims liability as of december 31, 2022, to changes in severity and frequency of claims.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations sensitivity of unpaid policy claims liability
(in millions)                                                                                                                                                                                     total severity total frequency         decrease                                decrease                                unchanged                                                          increase                              increase by 2%                                   by 1%                                                                                                         by 1%                                 by 2%
increase by 2%                      $(1)                                     $24                                        $49                                         $74                                   $99
increase by 1%                      (25)                        0                                       24                                                           49                                    74
unchanged                           (49)                                    (24)                        0                                                            24                                    49
decrease by 1%                      (73)                                    (49)                                       (24)                                           0                                    24
decrease by 2%                      (97)                                    (73)                                       (49)                                        (25)                                   (1)
other policy liabilities, which accounted for 9% of total policy liabilities as of december 31, 2022, consisted primarily of annuity and unearned premium reserves, and discounted advance premiums on deposit from policyholders in conjunction with their purchase of certain aflac japan insurance products. these advanced premiums are deferred upon collection and recognized as earned premiums over the contractual premium payment period. advanced premiums represented 11% and 15% of the december 31, 2022 and 2021 other policy liabilities balances, respectively. see the aflac japan segment subsection of this md&a for further information.
income taxes income tax provisions are generally based on pretax earnings reported for financial statement purposes, which differ from those amounts used in preparing the company's income tax returns. deferred income taxes are recognized for temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and income tax basis of assets and liabilities, based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the company expects the temporary differences to reverse. the evaluation of a tax position in accordance with u.s. gaap is a two-step process. under the first step, the enterprise determines whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. the second step is measurement, whereby a tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is measured to determine the amount of benefit to recognize in the financial statements. a valuation allowance is established for deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that an amount will not be realized. the determination of a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets requires management to make certain judgments and assumptions.
in evaluating the ability to recover deferred tax assets, the company's management considers all available evidence, including taxable income in open carry back years, the existence of cumulative losses in the most recent years, forecasted earnings, future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences and carryforwards, future taxable temporary difference reversals, and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. in the event the company determines it is not more likely than not that it will be able to realize all or part of its deferred tax assets in the future, a valuation allowance would be charged to earnings in the period such determination is made. likewise, if it is later determined that it is more likely than not that those deferred tax assets would be realized, the previously provided valuation allowance would be reversed. future economic conditions and market volatility, including increases in interest rates or widening credit spreads, can adversely impact the company's tax planning strategies and in particular the company's ability to utilize tax benefits on previously recognized capital losses. the company's judgments and assumptions are subject to change given the inherent uncertainty in predicting future performance and specific industry and investment market conditions.
aflac japan holds certain u.s. dollar-denominated assets in a dst. these assets are mostly comprised of various u.s. dollar-denominated commercial mortgage loans. the functional currency of the dst for u.s. tax purposes was historically the japanese yen. in 2022, the company requested a change in tax accounting method through the internal revenue service's automatic consent procedures to change its functional currency on the dst for u.s. tax purposes to the u.s. dollar. as a result, foreign currency translation gains or losses on assets held in the dst will no longer be recognized for u.s. tax purposes. the company historically recorded a deferred tax liability for foreign currency translation gains on the dst assets, which was released in the third quarter of 2022 as a result of the functional currency change and subsequently adjusted for foreign currency impacts in the fourth quarter of 2022. this change in functional currency resulted in the company recognizing an income tax benefit of $452 million ($0.71 per basic and diluted share, respectively) in 2022.
an increase or decrease in the company's effective tax rate by one percentage point would have resulted in an increase or decrease in the company's 2022 income tax expense of $42 million.
for additional information on income tax, see note 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements presented in this report.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations future adoption of accounting standard for long-duration insurance contracts in august 2018, the fasb issued accounting standards update (asu) 2018-12, "financial services - insurance, targeted improvements to the accounting for long-duration contracts" (ldti). the update significantly changes how insurers account for long-duration contracts and amends existing recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure requirements applicable to the company. issues addressed in the new guidance include: 1) a requirement to review and, if there is a change, update cash flow assumptions for the liability for future policy benefits (lfpb) at least annually, and to update the discount rate assumption quarterly, 2) accounting for market risk benefits at fair value, 3) simplified amortization for deferred acquisition costs, and 4) enhanced financial statement presentation and disclosures. the company has no products with market risk benefits.
since the initial issuance, the fasb has deferred the asu effective date for two years, such that the amendments are now effective for the company for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after december 15, 2022. the amended guidance is to be applied as of the beginning of the earliest period presented, beginning on the january 1, 2021 transition date (transition date).
the company will conclude implementation efforts and adopt the amendments as of january 1, 2023. the adoption will have a significant impact on the company's financial position, results of operations, and disclosures. the requirement to update assumptions for the lfpb will have a significant impact on the company's results of operations, systems, processes and controls and the requirement to update discount rates will have a significant impact on its aoci and equity.
there are two permitted transition methods upon adoption and the company has selected the modified retrospective transition method. the new guidance requires that discount rates used for the discounting of insurance liabilities be initially adjusted on the adoption date and subsequently at each reporting period to the market levels for the upper-medium-grade (low credit risk) fixed income instrument yields (single-a in the currency of the underlying insurance contract) reflecting the duration of the company's insurance liabilities.
the primary impact on transition under the modified retrospective method is driven by updating discount rates that increase reserves and lower aoci by the corresponding amount, net of tax. the transition date impact from adoption will result in a decrease in aoci of approximately $18.6 billion and a decrease in retained earnings of approximately $-0.3 billion. the impact to aoci results from updating discount rate assumptions from the rates locked in for reserves held as of the transition date to rates determined by reference to the transition date market level yields for upper-medium-grade (low credit risk) fixed income instruments (as of december 31, 2020). the decrease in aoci as of january 1, 2023 will be reduced to approximately $2.1 billion due to rising interest rates and a weakening of the yen.
as discussed in detail in note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, the company has designed its discount rate methodology for both the u.s. and japan insurance business. under the provisions of the new asu, discount rates are updated each reporting period.
the impact to the company's reported financial statements under u.s. gaap is greatly influenced by the nature of the company's business model. adoption of the new guidance reflects the company's concentration in japan third-sector business, in particular cancer insurance, with respect to which the duration of liabilities is materially longer than asset durations, while japan's aggregate block of business continues to see favorable experience from mortality, morbidity, and expenses. the long duration of the company's third-sector insurance liabilities in japan coupled with limited-to-no-liquidity of the japanese long-dated fixed-income market creates challenges in application of the market-based discount rate guidance and requires the company to apply significant judgments in the discount rate methodologies for its japanese third-sector liabilities. under the modified retrospective method, the impact of a low discount rate applied to long-duration third sector liabilities is recognized at adoption, while associated favorable morbidity margins are recognized over time thus driving a pronounced timing impact to u.s. gaap equity. in addition, with respect to the japan segment, the company maintains a large portfolio of assets designated as held-to-maturity (htm) as a strategy to reduce capital (solvency margin ratio or smr) volatility. in a low interest rate environment, such as presently exists in japan, assets designated as htm that were purchased in a higher interest rate environment have significant embedded gains not reflected in aoci (htm securities are carried at amortized cost under u.s. gaap), which serves as an economic offset to a low discount rate applied to policy liabilities. at december 31, 2022, the company's htm portfolio was $19.1 billion at amortized cost and had $2.2 billion in net unrealized gains. as of december 31, 2020 (just prior to the january 1, 2021 transition date), the company's htm portfolio was $24.5 billion at amortized cost and had $5.9 billion in net unrealized gains. after adoption of asu 2018-12, the company also expects net earnings and net earnings per share to reflect larger quarterly fluctuations in periods that the future cash flow assumptions are updated, which are used to calculate the liability for future policy benefits. see note 1 of notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations impacts to the company's consolidated statements of earnings for the years ended december 31, 2022, and 2021, as restated under ldti.
the following table presents the expected impacts from the adoption of asu 2018-12 to the company's previously reported operating ratios for the years ended december 31.
as reported                                                               as adjusted
2022                                                                  2021                                 2022                                 2021
aflac japan: (1)
ratios to total premiums:
benefits and claims, net                          68.8   %                             67.0   %                             67.4   %                             67.9   %
ratios to total adjusted revenues:
total adjusted expenses                           21.5                                 21.6                                 20.3                                 20.5
aflac u.s.:
ratios to total premiums:
benefits and claims, net                          43.8   %                             43.6   %                             45.9   %                             47.0   %
ratios to total adjusted revenues:
total adjusted expenses                           41.9                                 39.5                                 39.7                                 38.4
(1) includes the impact of the deferred profit liability reclassification discussed in note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
for the year ended december 31, 2022, as restated under the new asu, benefit ratios are lower for aflac japan and higher for aflac u.s., while expense ratios are modestly lower due to amortizing deferred acquisition costs at a slower rate. this results in a modestly higher pretax profit margin for aflac japan and a slightly higher pretax profit margin for aflac u.s.
for the year ended december 31, 2021, as restated under the new asu, benefit ratios are higher for aflac japan and aflac u.s., while expense ratios are modestly lower due to amortizing deferred acquisition costs at a slower rate. this results in a slightly higher pretax profit margin for aflac japan and a modestly lower pretax profit margin for aflac u.s.
prior to adoption of the asu, pandemic-related low claim experience is recognized in earnings in the reporting period when low claims are experienced, whereas under the new asu, this pandemic-related low claim experience is recognized in line with experience-related remeasurement and potentially through annual assumptions updates, i.e., partially during the reporting period with the remainder recognized over the remaining expected life of each cohort.
the company has created a robust governance framework to support implementation of the updated standard. as part of its implementation, the company has made relevant policy elections, which are outlined in note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. the company has also completed the modernization of its actuarial technology platform to enhance its modeling, data management, experience study and analytical capabilities, increase the end-to-end automation of key reporting and analytical processes and optimize its control framework. the company has also put in place internal controls related to the new processes created as part of implementing the updated standard.
the adoption of this new accounting guidance will not impact financial statements for aflac japan under fsa requirements or for aflac u.s. under applicable statutory requirements. therefore, adoption of the updated standard does not impact the company's overall cash flows, subsidiaries' dividend capacity or their ability to meet applicable regulatory capital standards, nor does it affect the company's existing debt covenants or strategies for capital deployment.
new accounting pronouncements during the last three years, various accounting standard-setting bodies have been active in soliciting comments and issuing statements, interpretations and exposure drafts. for information on new accounting pronouncements and the impact, if any, on the company's financial position or results of operations, see note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
